Speaker 1  00:00
John, okay, so as some of you guys might know, I've been like trying to figure out the whole algorithm with AI and what's going on with Amazon and how that's really going to affect search results in the future, because I think that's where they're moving. I think that Rufus and Cosmo are taking a bigger spot in the decision making tree on what's going to be shown on results. So over the last nine months, I've been messing with it in a big way, and this is sort of the culmination of all of that data and all that information. I'm not suggesting at all that you should go tomorrow and, like, change everything you've done for your listings. You're going to get the index, and you're gonna have some problems. However, I do suggest that you really think about incorporating a lot of what I'm going to show you today, when you're building your listings, still make them very keyword heavy, and make those decisions based on what you've done so far for your keywords. But this is more of kind of like where things are headed, and what I'm seeing as results when we make these changes are in a positive way, where Rufus is recommending our products at the very end. I'm also gonna give you a tool. It's free. You can use it shameless plug. It's gonna be incorporated into jungle ace in a bigger way, but we're just giving it out right now so you can mess with it. It'll give you a lot of really good insights on how Amazon's AI is seeing you guys as relevant to certain words. Okay, so workflow, unified workflow, for Amazon listings, but I'm gonna give you is a tested workflow, and you could just incorporate that as part of every one of your ASINs. It's really about a mind shift change. What you're not looking at is, you're not looking at keywords really. You're thinking about, how are people searching in Rufus? What kind of questions are they gonna have about the products that they're trying to find, right? So it's really an answer engine optimization that we're looking for. We're looking for something that's going to optimize the results on your listing for the questions that people have and give the right answer. The way we do this, and Rufus doesn't rank by raw keywords, by the way, they're trying to get direct answers to shoppers questions. When you type that in, they're trying to figure out, like, what's the best answer. So they might be talking about a product and its benefit. They might be talking about a product and a feature. They can be talking about almost anything regarding your product. So the key here is to think about how are people really thinking about the kind of questions they're going to have for my product? And you want to make a list of those. You want to create 10 or 15 key questions the target buyer might ask. So I'm in dog space. I've got dog bones and things like that. For me, it's like, which dog bone is the safest for a power chewer, right? A dog that's going to kind of get through it pretty quick. And then you want to take that entire asset stack that you have, your assets being your listing images, your EBC content, your videos, your titles, the back end, keywords, all of those things, and you want to make sure that they address those issues in multiple places. It's not just let me put the keyword in one or two places. It's let me build this listing to answer the questions and double down on it in my images, put it in the back end. And again, this has been tested. This is what we're seeing the best results from. So how do we get that information? Well, part of it is we go to the voice of the customer, right? We're going to right? We're going to go and pull down four and five star reviews, and we're going to see that, okay, this is what people really love about this product. One to three star reviews, two to three star reviews. I care about that too. I want to know what people are complaining about, especially in my competition, because those are the sorts of questions that people might have, if they're getting a problem with a product where the dog has gotten sick on it, they'll say, what is a product that doesn't have any dairy because my dog might have a dairy intolerance or something like that, right? So you want to really think about the negatives as well, and the best way to get that is from the reviews and scraping the Q and A. We're going to cluster those by use case. So when you start to see a group of questions that are similar. You want to put them together in a bucket so that you can kind of rip it apart and you can organize it by most to least important. And you're going to extract human language snippets. So you're going to see a lot of these Q and A's already have given you, kind of the answers on what people are asking. So you want to kind of record those and keep track of those. So you're mining, you're mining those questions right here. Then we want to go back and, by the way, again, like I said initially, you're not replacing your keywords with this right now, Amazon is still very, very heavy keyword heavy. You want to try and take your keywords, do your regular keyword research, and find questions and things inside of the reviews that have those keywords nested in it. And it's a lot of work. You got to organize everything and look at it and try and get those and concentrate on those, and then take that and copy that into your back end fields. You want to make sure you completely fill out every single field in the back end. I mean, it's super important. I can't tell you how many times I see like, people call me like, well, let me. I'm like, let me see your flat file. And I look at it and I look at it and it's just empty. It's totally empty. And there are free fields there. You should put stuff in those fields, so make sure you complete everything. Cosmo is really, really good. It's getting better at looking at an image and understanding what the image is. It can tell you really quickly what's going on in that image to really crazy detail. So it's really important for you to think about those images. Is to address one of those questions and make sure that it speaks to the answer for that question. So you want to make sure you add the alt text in Photoshop. You can go in there, you can edit an image. You can add alt description text to that. You want to make sure the file name for the image isn't just like, you know, IMG, 123, that it actually says what the image is. If you're overlaying text on an image, make sure that text also speaks to answer the question and has encapsulated some of those keywords that you're targeting. Those are the things you want to do, because Rufus is in Cosmo is looking at that stuff. And then you can shift from broad keywords to multi word intent. I didn't write long tail keywords here because that's not really the same thing. Multi word intent is keywords and other words that answer the question, right? Indoor chew, boredom buster. That's, you know, how do I, yeah, how do I is this product gonna keep my dog busy, or is my dog gonna be get bored of this product, right? That's like a specific answer to that question, and it has some of the keywords that I care about in there too. The way that we found that we've tested 8020, 9010, tested 50, like I've tested this 7030 rule seems to be the best right now. So 70% of the title and of the bullets and the images descriptions is about a core need, and 30% is about a differentiator. What's our unique offering, right? Because I want to convert still. So if I'm just like everybody else, that's not good. I need a unique offering. In my case, maybe it's an ingredient, maybe it's the way that we cook something, or, you know, produce our product so that it lasts longer, because it's double cooked, that kind of stuff, right? So 70% 30% rule, and you want to the formula is basically, I have a need in the title for this audience. And here's the unique benefit, the solution. The unique benefit, I'm missing the word solution. There bullets, same thing because of this pain, we made this for you. And this is what you're going to have as a result, right? That's the outcome. The beginning of the bullets could still be your primary keywords, but when you get into the descriptive portion of it, that's a great place to nest this stuff, especially now, because the bullets aren't really showing up on a mobile device as primary it's always images and your EBC content. So it's a really great place to put that and still get picked up by Cosmo. Same with the description, the image, the a plus contact. We're looking at the story, right and the proof. And skim friendly images. Skim friendly meaning people don't spend any time on their phones. They're just sort of like, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip. You want to hit them with the message quickly. One message per image, big text, easy to read on a mobile device, not huge paragraphs of descriptions. You want to make it super, super simple for them, and you want to make it super friendly so they can kind of get the sense of what you're saying and go to the next one, so you can make a decision to purchase or not. And then you want to pair this with lifestyle images that reinforce the promise. And I'm going to say it again, organic search still rules. So you have to think about that organic search and what the keyword is that they've come in on and kind of tie it together. So it's a lot of work when you lay it all out, but if you do it right, you're going to show up both in Rufus, and you're going to keep your indexing, and you probably will find yourself in a better place too, and get better index. And we've seen improvements on it since we've done this. So visual assets. You want to show the product in every top use case. Again, after you've done your research, you want to have that background. You want to have some call outs like, you know this last 45 to 6045 minutes for a 60 pound lab, you want their vision module to kind of pick up on the message that she wants. You want to help them with that. You want to put that in in captions. When you're doing your short form videos, you want to make sure there is spoken speech. I know that people are like spoken speech on Amazon, but the AI picks it out. You want to make sure the captions are there. Bai picks that up. You want to make sure they match with the visual representation of what's going on in that video at that moment. So make sure those things are tied properly. Cosmo's got an audio text layer. It's going to index it 1530 seconds on those so all this stuff kind of comes together right to kind of double down to these messages. And then, you know, there's seasonal events too. I found that if you refresh your stuff every 60 days, it's like a jolt of energy, like, we see our listings pop, and they sort of, like level out, and then they'll slowly, kind of do its thing, and it'll pop again. If you're gonna do it seasonally, that's a lot of opportunity to update your images and your image stack. You know, in a fair way, you're not really testing, you're just, there's an opportunity for Christmas, or it's pet week or Flag Day or whatever, right? Like you're able to do that. And then, obviously, you want to track the visibility when you've done this. You want to give it enough time so you see the results a week later or two weeks later. You can use product opportunity Explorer to see that and then keep track of it, maybe keep us, you know, a spreadsheet, score card, of what worked, what didn't work. Yeah, so you really have a good sense when you're developing the next set of changes on where you want to double down.

Speaker 1  10:06
And then you want to test shameless plug. Again, we have split testing in jungle ace. You can use jungle ace if you want, or experiments, whatever you guys want. You want to do one test for every 14 day cycle. So you make a change, you run the test, you see what the results are, and then you keep the winner, and then you make another change, right? I'm always testing. We're constantly, constantly testing to try and optimize and increase our conversion. We're prioritizing click through rate, right? Because nobody clicks, nobody's converting, then conversion rate. And we also use a SAR funnel, so it's a search to add ratio. We care about that too, because that number being, the higher that number is, the more successful we are in this and then we keep a journal again, we record everything, and we can see what kind of impact it had. Super important to do that. So the quick start checklist I'm just trying to keep in my time here is we have the bio questions. First mind the 50 or 100 reviews in the Q and A fill every attribute in the back end the alt text in your images. Write 7030 copy using the formulas I showed you, produce the image set and the video. Make sure you use I'd forget these times on it. I was gonna put times I forgot to remove it. Spend your time on it. That was the point like, don't just fly through stuff. Actually spend a lot of time. Think about it in the videos. Close the captions on the bottom, the voice is speaking on what they're seeing on the screen at the moment. Publish it and start up your AB testing. See how your results are. Go back and tweak it, modify it, and then log your results and keep it ongoing so you can get better and better and better at it, and then if you follow that playbook, you're gonna you're gonna start showing up in Rufus answers. But I think it's really a combined effort, right? You have to be careful again, don't kill your keywords. Do you want to make sure you have all your data? So we did this, and then I'm like, Okay, well, how do I see what Amazon really sees me for, and, more importantly, how do I see what Amazon sees my competitors for? Right? I care about that too, because I really want to get a good sense of where are there opportunities and where the holes, because everybody's targeting the same thing, that's a waste of my time. So we added it, we added software to do this. And what we're doing is we're looking for, okay, so the data is coming from Amazon. We're not using like we're not using Jungle Scout, we're not using any third party, anything. We're hooked into Amazon's API, and we're gonna give this to you for free. We're pulling data right from Amazon suggestion engine. That's the same suggestion engine you're seeing in your campaigns. When you go to create a campaign in PPC and it says, Hey, what about these keywords? I have access to that, and we pull that down, and that's telling me what Amazon is seeing my listing as. How is it relevant? Relevant right to that keyword. So this software allows us to pull down all of our information, plus the competitions information. And what I'm looking for is, I'm looking for holes and gaps where Amazon doesn't know enough about me. I'm going to show you a live demo of this, actually. And what I'm focusing on isn't really the keywords as much as the heat map. Heat Map being this, like, you know, light color, right? Because this is real. This represents 28 keywords that are relevant. For the word bones, for the canine connoisseur, but only four for cadet, right? They didn't do a very good job. Cadet on that one. So I'm looking at, I'm looking at that heat map. I'll put this back up so you guys can scan it, because I want to show you a live version of this. And this. When you guys scan that, you'll be able to just fill out a form. It'll ask you for it'll ask you for five ASINs. I like to put my asin in there the full version that will be released in 20 days, hopefully, I think, will give you like the full there'll be no limit. You can put in 30 if you want, and see the whole front page. What I'm looking for is, I'm looking for I put in these, these ASINs. And what I'm getting is I'm getting all the root keywords and the sub root keywords, right? And what I'm looking at is I'm looking at all this, like red color here, for example, in the word me. And what I'm seeing is I'm seeing one brand does a pretty good job. One Brand has 14 and the rest of them are really bad. So if I was, and then I'll open this up, if I was, whoops, maybe I'll do this one here, if I was paws truck, right that first one. And I'm saying that there's, there's three other competitors, doing a really good job for this word. But. I'm not getting picked up or suggested by Amazon's data crap. I got to do something about that. If I think this root word is important or the sub roots, I'm doing a good job, as Paul can the word bone and chew, but I've completely missed the plural version of that bones. So the software tells me, okay, well, we should probably look at bones, and then I could take a closer look if I want open that up and get the details on what if anything I've indexed for. So again, this tool is a really good way, if you start with it, to get a sense of what does Amazon see in the market as my competition and our product, and what are we relevant for. Then employ the Cosmo approach I gave you look at those keywords. Keep the keywords you have natural language, try and put it together, put it through your whole asset stack. So I'll give you a spot, starting a spot, and I have a couple minutes left for questions. I'm going to go back to the presentation so you can go ahead and scan that. If you want to get access to that. I'll take them. Give you a second to do that. Okay, so question. Doug, you had a question? Yeah.

Speaker 2  16:01
Dimitri, this was really great. Oh, one thing that I have trouble with sometimes is, like, on software like this that is so powerful and and has so much leverage in it. A trouble I have is if there are like videos that show, like, your little checklist up there a COVID. Then he was great. But, like, I don't know if there's plans to have, like, almost like a teaching, you know, set of videos to walk you through how to use it. Otherwise, if he's so powerful, so many options that myself, I get lost in all the, all the, all the possibilities. Joe,

Speaker 1  16:40
yep, I hear you Doug. What we did to address that with the free version here is we started on the very first tab of this report. You're going to get kind of like, you know, how do I? How do I? What do I do with this now that I have it, and so it's got step by step here on how would you use this for your PPC, next steps, nine strategic things, the way you use it? Yeah, it's in there. No problem. Yes,

Speaker 3  17:03
what have you seen as the lowest hanging fruit when it comes to AB testing? So if there's a tactical piece of advice, without even seeing someone's storefront, the easiest thing someone can do to increase the conversion rate.

Speaker 1  17:17
Sorry, shameless plug. The software that we have jungle ace shows you where you're out converting on a keyword level for your product against the market. So any keywords that we are out converting for, we have a better click through rate, a better conversion rate. And there's a lot of traffic that we haven't yet captured, is low hanging fruit. If I've got a 20% conversion rate in the market, average is 17% and I'm not buying PPC traffic for that. That's crazy. That's low conversion, right? And the opposite is true. Maybe I'm spending money on something that I'm not out converting the market for, so shut those campaigns off to take that money put in the campaigns that push traffic for the stuff that I am now converting the market for, low hanging fruit like that should happen immediately. Yeah, Mary, yes.

Speaker 4  17:59
Are you also utilizing this data to create titles, or is that like a completely separate title? Because you could be it in the chat CBT and tell us, and like, totally,

Speaker 1  18:07
yeah, we do use this data if you're doing it with the Cosmo stuff, then we're also trying to think about the questions to answer them and make it more natural language, but absolutely. But the title, thing that I did two, three months ago has worked really well for us. So it's been a challenge to make sure the first 90 characters. You gotta pick your poison, you gotta test. You have to AB test. Let me change it. See what happens. Maybe I'll go back. Maybe I'll keep it.

Speaker 5  18:31
You know, you went through all the various things you could do to what, what's the do you have, like, a first one that you try, if you're talking about, like, meta tags and things like, is there an order? And also, have you ever tried, like, taking your images and like, putting the data into them using, like, one of those meta you, like, loaded into the data of the file? Have you

Speaker 1  18:53
ever heard of that before? So we do all tags for all our images inside of Photoshop, we put the data in, yeah, yeah, that's exactly, that's exactly that's on that list. Help us, totally, yeah, you have to do that. And the naming conventions on the files,

Speaker 5  19:06
yeah, absolutely. Sometimes it's browse note, issues, right? I mean,

Speaker 1  19:09
if you're in the wrong browse, note, Well, depends. You may want to be in the wrong browse, no, because it's less competitive. You may want to Amazon tends to kind of move you around a little bit, so that screws you up to, yeah, Charles, two things,

Speaker 6  19:23
I guess that you can also use the data you were putting up before with the who's indexing for what, for niche validation. Want to launch a product?

Speaker 1  19:29
Yeah? Absolutely, that's I don't I'm not going to tell you like, Yeah, this is this, and this is real data coming from Amazon and not being bought by a third party. So I've shifted from using another popular software, which I'm not going to name, um, to this because I get better results. That's that's

Speaker 6  19:49
where I was going. There's other popular software, all per an organic rank rice. If you, if you implement that, they say their AI suggests your title date.

Speaker 1  19:59
I had. Are the results with this?

Unknown Speaker  20:04
Yeah, yeah, it's all good, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:06
How are you

Speaker 3  20:07
getting the harder to use? Where are you getting that, bro? You

Speaker 1  20:12
mean the initial like research, yeah. So we go to the competition and we pull that from competition and their reviews, because we're looking for I don't care about the good stuff on them. I care about the bad stuff on them. So tell me where their 123, stars are and what they're complaining. Oh, the front end of Amazon are just copy, paste, yeah. I mean, we have like, a parser. Yeah. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai