Speaker 1  00:05
We're gonna take a nice left hand turn into finance today. Yay. All right, let's talk about our agenda, table of confidence today. Quick scope and housekeeping. I like to frame all of my talks into what's actually going on and what the talk is not about. Executive Summary, why care now and then, we're going to do two rounds of veggies, quick veggies, then the candy, little bit of veggies afterwards, and common mistakes, and then, and then Q and A, okay. Scope and housekeeping. The talk said tariffs. We are not talking about tariffs, because I think things are changing so fast. I don't think it's super relevant for a talk. It's very personal, but I did include the absolute best resource that I have on tariffs in the link tree, QR code later. So please, if you're interested, check that out. Density. My slides are unapologetically dense, so if you are playing chess on your phone or scrolling Instagram, no worries. You can pick it up later, and you can read the full slide and know what the hell is going on, all right? And similar format, I have a lot of similar formatted slides so your brain can focus on the actual content and not figuring out what chart is, what and and cool visuals that I am not a designer. Number four, finance first. This is not marketing, this is not ops, this is not HR, this is finance and finance only, and the definition of finance here is what can be derived from your financial statements, P and L and balance sheet. Photos. Take as many as you want if I look good in the frame, thank you. But no worries. And then questions. Please ask questions along the way, and I'll be the judge of if we're gonna punt your question not answer it at all, or answer it now, cool. Let's actually skip the exact summary. This is a lot of text, but really, why should I care about this right now, all of our clients are rethinking their business models. They're going over their forecast for the rest of the year, they're cutting cost. And you know, a lot of the talks today have been about, how do I optimize my advertising, how do I optimize my listings, et cetera, et cetera. But like, how will I know once I've gotten there, and how is all of this great behavior that we're all gonna take away from this talk? How is that going to result in better financial performance, and how do I track that over time against myself and others? Okay, little bit more about me. So I run ecom CFO. We have about 70 clients, about 30 team members. We have, of course, several MDS members as well, including Mr. Penn or shot is is awesome. He's one of the top 30 Amazon sellers, I think, in the world at this point. I write a newsletter I'm really passionate about writing recently, and then on the MDS template, the last question on this slide was, what makes me cool? So I figured I would answer that. I think e commerce, finance and accounting is actually really cool. That's why I actually write about it. But I'm about to be a dog dad, my fiance and I are getting married next April, so I will officially be a dog dad. I really like my motorcycle, and this is our team retreat in Patagonia in Argentina last year. It was really fun. Okay, benchmarking primer. This is a little bit of veggies. This word, benchmarking gets thrown around a lot. I think it's really important to come up with our definition, and I define it as the periodic, periodic periodic being important word, comparison of yourself to yourself and others, and emphasis on the yourself, because I think that's the most important thing to do, is compare yourself to who you were yesterday, not someone else's tomorrow. But then also, it is important to compare yourself to others, and that's what three of the talks at least today have been about, is what are my competitors doing across various metrics? Cool? Why do we Why do we benchmark? Really? I think for three reasons, and I do this in my own business. It's either to get bigger, get better, or get bought, or some combination of the three. Benchmarking is just a fancy way to say compare or reference. It's not a deeply mystifying term. And then again, I've already mentioned this, but it's periodic. It's not going. Continuous. We have a client that he comes from the SaaS world, and he built a new app to send him a daily revenue notification to his phone. Why is this important to you? What do you do? What are you doing with this? Okay, so let's talk about the WHO to benchmark yourself against. I argue that you are already benchmarking yourself against something, whether you're conscious of it or not. You're benchmarking again against your friends company. You're benchmarking against other ndS members. You're benchmarking against a Twitter screenshot or whatever. But if I could only just distill it down to three benchmark against yourself. Most important. Number two priority is other industry peers. And then lastly, that I think is very underrated, is public companies, particularly companies within your vertical and I've got some examples of that. Okay, let's talk a little bit about yourself. Do this if you don't do anything else, please. Spreadsheets are totally fine. There are other there's plenty of financial reporting tools out there. We really like Fathom it's pretty cheap, very easy to use. And then you're comparing, of course, last month, same month, last year. You know, we all know. We all know this, but it's important to call out again that comparing yourself to yourself is the most important private company peers. This is where data is completely fragmented. All across our industry, some people are trying to do this, like Taylor holiday is part of DTC index. I've actually never used that platform, but, but it's there. And then this is also what we're trying to change. We're trying to put actual benchmark data into the world. Because I get the same question over and over again from clients about, what are you seeing in the market? And there's, yeah, this is, like, mostly free, because you can find it on YouTube. Ours is free, and then I think DTC index is paid, but again, I I've never seen it. Okay, public companies, oh, man, this, this is fun. So if you don't know they're public for a reason. They have to publish all of their financials. They actually also have to, or they typically publish their annual reports on their website. So if you've got a beauty and cosmetic company, for example, I cannot recommend enough checking out elf beauty's Annual Report. There's just great gold, not only about benchmarks, but just other, uh, market insights. I think it's phenomenal. If you're in apparel, I think you should absolutely be reading Lulus earnings cast all of their annual reports. And then if you're in hard goods, I mean, Yeti is, I think, the classic one, um, just as you know, as a reminder for on the public companies, things like contribution margin, that is not a an actual term that they use or find in their financial statements. It's derived from the financial so you're not going to find that, but we do publish contribution margin. So that's important to note. You may have to do some math on your own, but this is also mostly free, so I built this cool little dashboard and a tool called coifin. There's plenty of others. And this just lists a lot of the major publicly traded DTC companies, and this is their like, total revenue CAGR and their EBITDA percentage. And how do you compare against this, and I've got a full slide on this later. So it's, it's, you don't have to stare at the data. Morris, specifically, when we were going through the dry run, he's like, why do I care about public companies? And once I ran him through this example, he's like, oh, yeah, okay, this, this makes sense. So is anyone in beauty or cosmetics? Awesome? Okay, so if, if you were forecasting revenue, and again, I'm not arguing that you are elf beauty and that it's an apples to apples comparison, but it gives you a nice frame of reference that this is all taken from their earnings webcast for q3 for the rest of the year. So they experienced 40% net sales growth. Okay, great, awesome. Elf. Beauty is, you know, doing well, they're up 40% but they're forecast for the rest of the year, which, I know it's really small, but the middle, the middle page or middle slide, sorry, says 2h which is second half of this year, they're forecasting 14 to 16% growth. So as you're re forecasting for the rest of the year, you may or may not want to take this into consideration and then, oh, by the way, they're global, and their international growth has been 66%

Speaker 1  09:59
Yeah. Why does that matter? Well, out of the forecast for the rest of the year, how much is international? So it could be 100% of their growth they're projecting is coming from international, so they may just be forecasting flat. So if I'm a beauty and cosmetic brand and I'm forecasting 100% sales, I may want to rethink my forecast, or I better have a damn good reason why I'm going to grow 100% against someone with the resources like elf. So I think those are just some of the questions that that I would be asking myself. Okay, cool. I'm glad we had time for the live thing. All right, let's do candy. So this is the q1 2025, benchmark. Report. So what you are about to see in these big data slides are 20 E, commerce, P and L, S, the typical client that we have is more omni channel, non manufacturer, Bootstrap. We've aggregated the company data by revenue cohort, so less than 10 million in sales, 10 to 50 million in sales, and then greater than 50 million. And we also give the 10th, the 50th and the 95th percentile, so you can compare yourself and see kind of where you stack up. Also in the in the PDF report. There's a CFO commentary, which is my commentary. And then I just don't see anyone else in our industry doing this. And I'm, I'm super proud that we were able to put this together, just the general highlights. Now, obviously all of the tariff and trade war madness didn't really happen until towards the end of q1 and really into q2 so a lot of that will be in our q2 benchmark report. But this is still, I think, really important, because stuff is going to happen throughout our journey as entrepreneurs, and whether it's your Facebook account getting shut down, your Amazon account getting suspended, or tariffs, or you know one of your key employees passes away like it's you're going to face challenges no matter what they are. So best brands are still growing wholesale. There's some really interesting stories. We'll get into that data. Gross margins were about even contribution margin was actually up, and EBITDA was a mixed bag. Okay, so let's look at the actual data. So keep in mind, this is p and l only, and we have the under 10. I'll flip back to, in a second, the 10 to $50 million dollar businesses, and then the greater than 50. And so this is, I don't know how many eight to 10 ish of the benchmarks, so net revenue, for example, you've got the second column, which is q1 2024, versus q1 2025, the averages ABS is just a fancy word to say the absolute change and then the percent change. So as you're reading this, if, if I'm looking at net revenue on average, if you are a business less than $10 million you did about 886k of revenue last q1 and then you did in q1 2025, you did 935, so a 5% growth in revenue, awesome, but there's a lot of other red on here. Gross margins were down. 2% contribution margin was down. The return on that ad spend was actually down. The ad dollars deployed was like, shockingly, about the same. So the same ad dollars for less performance. And it like, you know, everyone is feeling this the GNA dollars. This is GNA just stands for general administrative or fixed costs. This, to me, is like what I'm trying to get our clients to understand the most is cutting fixed costs, or understanding what what their fixed costs should be. And if you notice the GNA percent of net revenue, so this is your fixed costs divided by net revenue. It's 30% for a company under 10, and as we scroll through this, you'll see how that dramatically changes for 10 to 50. EBITDA. Are people making money like in q1 of last year, it was about Break Even so 23k divided by three, because this is a quarter, and then q1 on average, people are losing money. So you know the net change of about 30k and then EBITDA percentage. So you know, what is your target? Is your target? 10% EBITDA, 15% EBITDA, 20% whatever. And then you. How did this cohort perform? Not great. Is the real answer. You might have any questions or trying to understand,

Speaker 2  15:11
how big is each cohort, like the denominator and then what's the criteria for being included is any e commerce brand, or, specifically, Amazon,

Speaker 1  15:19
it's any e commerce brand. I mean, we, we try and pick a as indicative of sample as we possibly can. So like, you know, we remove most of the the resellers and the drop shippers because that that skews the data. We try and focus more on omni channel

Speaker 2  15:36
so you can Shopify Amazon across cross platform.

Speaker 1  15:40
Exactly. Yeah, cool, exactly. What's that correct? Yeah, because we, we have a very unfair advantage that I see 70 P L's every month. So, like, I know how everyone is performing.

Speaker 3  15:59
So, Q, what you had possibly money at this score.

Speaker 1  16:06
Oh, keep in mind, this is an average. Yeah, exactly, yeah. It's in this cohort. There's probably eight to 10 ish. And then let's go to the 10 to $50 million businesses. So whereas the I'm sorry, did someone else have a question, who has the main driver of GNA change, my anecdotal experience is that if you look at the the ad dollars, people deployed about the same, or in some cases less, ad dollars, those ad dollars went somewhere. They went to fixed marketing costs. Hey, I'm going to do more content. I'm going to hire a Content Director, I'm going to build out my own content studio. I'm going to hire a sales rep. So all those dollars got pushed below contribution margin, and that's why I I believe that's what drove up. GNA makes quick,

Speaker 4  17:02
uh, I usually find how you have net revenue there, because net revenue, to me, is okay, everything's washed out. We're left with five and a half mil. But then you give it, uh, this 300 grand, and all the less than 10 million company, you know, your net was like 900 right? And but then the so hurry and you find your

Speaker 1  17:26
number, excellent question that is in the common mistakes in the definition section. So we'll actually get there. But the short answer is, for us, net revenue is net of discounts, net of refunds and returns. It is not and it also includes shipping income, but it doesn't include things like your cost of goods sold, or your ad spend or your shipping to the customer. So we have an entire Methodology section in our benchmark report. I think if you pick up any benchmark report and it doesn't have a methodology section, throw it in the garbage can, because it's really not, not worth anything. So it is important to put that in the context, but that's how we define it. Yes, post, variable, marketing. And

Speaker 4  18:22
then second, is, do you is there a lot of barriers between these eight and companies in terms of had a contribution, you bet?

Speaker 1  18:33
So if we look at the the 10 to $50 million businesses, and we look at the EBITDA dollars. So the 10 to $50 million guys, they generated, on average, 313k of positive EBITDA in in q1 again, that's across three months. If we go back to the under 10. You know, these guys are are, on average, losing money. These guys are making money just less. So their EBIT EBITDA percentage went from call it seven and a half last quarter to 5.5 so then if you stack on 50% tariffs, like, how does that now impact our math? And then let's also go to the greater than 50, because this is the disparity. You start to see a lot more green on here. And you know, as I called out earlier, if we look at the G and a percent of net revenue like these guys are staying pretty much flat at 6% if we go back to the under 10, we're in the 30s. So it's just really significant. Impact. But even the bigger guys, you see that their return on ad spend actually went down quarter over quarter, but they're still driving way more EBITDA dollars they drove. Uh, over $4 million this quarter versus two and a half. So, you know, I'm okay with my return on ad spend being less if I'm still reaching my EBITDA target. I mean, these guys are, you know, we're 15% uh, EBITDA for for this quarter versus last quarter.

Speaker 3  20:18
I'm curious, are you showing these numbers to drive home a point. Or is this like, this is the nature of what you speak this. I mean, this does be either like, bad offer. Why? Until negative. It

Speaker 1  20:33
doesn't make sense. Well, I Well, keep in mind that this is again, this goes back to common mistakes, definition and dimension. This usually the first quarter is the worst for everyone. So this is not we have a separate benchmark report that's the full year that can tell a different story. I think the real answer is some brands or businesses don't know that they're not profitable, which is a separate problem. Or, you know, the classic hope is a strategy, and that I'm okay if I'm not profitable in q1 I'm going to make it, make it all up in Q, q4 or my highest season. So because, you know, I'm making an investment. And, okay, great. That's a strategy. You know, some of our clients, and this gets like personal psychology too, some clients tell us, hey, we don't, we don't care. We just, you know, don't want to ever go negative. Now, what do we do with with that constraint? And some clients are very okay with being negative. You know, 20% EBITDA in a given month.

Speaker 5  21:46
Any other questions on so margin compression is probably one of the biggest challenges everybody in the room is facing. And I'm very curious, does your report show any prior years? Because 2024 2025 so far, than pre unusual years. But is there? Has there been from 2022, coin, 23 has there been just a steady march down in marginals?

Speaker 1  22:13
I would like to actually publish the data first to tell you definitively and just instead of telling you anecdotally, I mean, my my gut tells me Yes, but I would prefer to actually do the research and pull all those numbers.

Speaker 1  22:34
All right, cool. Let's look at some more data. Oh, you want to ask question two.

Speaker 6  22:38
I think that I was just going to make a comment on the last slide. Contribution, margin improved year over year, record largest companies, which is interesting, the ad spend now that seem like there's more efficiency in the ads kind of there. So despite a decreasing return on ad spend, we see the margin improvement in its years, yeah, and also the gross margin improved as well. So

Speaker 1  23:09
these businesses, they might be able to command a larger price increase or give fewer discounts. That's another option, or they also have more the ability to do more research and launch more products that are also higher margin than their their older probably could be lower margin products as well. So, I mean, we that's why we have to kind of look at all of the data in in full context, bigger guys away. Generally, yeah, generally they are. And that just is what it is. It is, it is nice in a lot of cases to be big. I like, I bought another accounting firm last year, and it's like, it is nicer to be a little bit bigger. It gives us some freedom to do more stuff. All right, cool. I do want to talk about wholesale. I mean, I'm already at 25 minutes. This is a really interesting story. More people are doing wholesale, and wholesale as a percentage of revenue is up. I'll just click through these real quick. I think the biggest takeaway, if you're reading these slides later, which I hope you do, there's percentiles. I did promise percentiles earlier. And so we have the fifth, the 50th and the 95th percentile. So if you're, you know, let's call it a 10 to $50 million business, and your 33% contribution margin, you're in the 50th, 50th percentile, and so on and so on. That's how you read that. EBIT does same thing. I think we've hit a lot of this already, but again, I just strongly encourage you to look at this and then benchmark yourself. Yeah. And then the GNA again, I already mentioned the story a lot, but, you know, if I look at the 10 to $15 million guys, I mean, they had a million bucks of fixed costs last year, 1.2 this year, they're adding, you know, they added 170k of fixed costs this quarter. So, you know, divide by three public math. What? 45k ish, 60k ish a month in additional fixed costs and the percentage of revenue we've already talked about? I'm at the 25 minute mark. Let's go common mistakes. Whoo. Definition, this is to your question earlier. Keep confirming with again, yourself, or any report that you pick up, or any screenshot that you read, making sure that it's it's apples to apples. This is our methodology section, public company. 10 ks are a great example. If you make it to page like 60 of a 10k which is quite something, they have all of their definitions, and I want the same like, rigor for our data standards as well the dimension and when dimension we're talking about dimension we're usually talking about time. So what time period is this over to your question earlier? Like, are we just looking at q1 are we looking at a full year? Are we looking at something larger? So just make sure that you're comparing also, like, are we looking at global data versus versus us? And then the last thing is data literacy. Ooh, I have a larger client. They're probably going to do, I don't know, 40 million this year. And he couldn't read this chart to me, and that, it really irked me. So we spent some time on this chart and just helping them understand customer lifetime value. Because my argument is, if you don't know how to read this chart, then the new AI tool that you're researching or heard on a podcast is completely irrelevant. So, you know, that's not like meant to, you know, strike fear. It just is what it is. I think this was, this is, like, the most important report in his entire business. And then, you know, lastly, just to drive home the point here, I mean, you can benchmark anything that you want to in your business, whether it's finance, ops, HR, yourself, your personal net worth, you know whatever it is, there are no rules. But the best companies are either building or buying a process for themselves to do this every month, every quarter, every year, cool and then Neil Patel, Shamil Patel, I hope this is more valuable than his talk. No offense. He's already gone, so you know, you made sure that, yeah, I was live editing my slides as he was as he was talking. And this is just the QR code to all the links that we went through today. I got two minutes left. Other questions.

Speaker 2  28:03
You mentioned customer lifetime value in that flow or chart. I don't know if you know off the top of your head, but is there a gold standard of what you're seeing in terms of LTV to CAC ratio across

Speaker 1  28:14
your companies? I think 95th percentile LTV to CAC is probably three plus to one, anything like you know, one not good, one to two, fine. Two plus, pretty good, better than most. And three plus, great. Oh, sorry. He raised your hand. He raised your hand. He raised his hand before you

Speaker 4  28:43
sorry, when you build this out, what are your data source? Is it or like the latest from, like the individual order transaction level?

Speaker 1  28:52
No, we're building this from PNLs, and, you know, going back to the definition section, like we ourselves, because all of our a lot of our clients, P and Ls are different. Even though we have a relatively similar structure, there's always nuances. So, like, we had to go through the headache of making sure they're all apples to apples. Sorry, the LTV. Is it like gross margin,

Unknown Speaker  29:22
like, after all cause and everything,

Speaker 1  29:24
uh, LTV is one of my favorite topics. Let's maybe talk after it's a long I think most, a lot people get it wrong.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
I'll type the editor, but yeah, what's the timer on LTV?

Speaker 1  29:38
Exactly. That's exactly the that's the point. No, no. It doesn't matter what I say about what the timeframe of LTV should be. What matters is, how do you define it for yourself? We have some clients that have, sorry, I'm over. We have some clients that do like hair loss, tree. Meant, and they're competing against someone like Rogaine. Their clients do stay for them for 347, years. Okay, so I can buy that our LTV window is that long. And then, you know, we can talk about why. But you know, some other clients, I think, want to extend their LTV to 1218, months, when it's a harder sell for me and we're just justifying a higher CAC that I'm not seeing actually prove out in the financials when I when I see them. So when you do the LCV to cap ratio, it's basically whenever the cohort really from zero? Uh, I No, I don't think so. Because, like, if it's 1% I don't, I don't care about that. I mean, I think we need to put it in the context of what the business is, and also your personal risk as the owner. Like, are you? Are you comfortable being this risky? Because at the end of the day, like, I don't have to believe it. I at the end of the day, I'm a CFO and accounting provider, it's you that has to believe it, so I can show you the financial impacts of your decision, but ultimately, it's your responsibility.

Unknown Speaker  31:11
You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai