Speaker 1  00:05
In 2009 I defaulted on a $15 million personally guaranteed line of credit. That event kicked off the darkest and most difficult days of my entire life. For a period of five years, I had gone from a small, little nest egg that I had of $35,000 in 1992 and built that up to a $200 million about a $200 million net worth by the time I was in my late 30s, when the great financial crisis came roaring through my life and destroyed me, and it turned me from a really successful young, hot shot entrepreneur with all these different businesses into a complete and total, utter failure with a negative net worth of negative $5 million I was embarrassed. It was painful. I was childless and I was unhurried, and I'm 39 years old, so this, by all definitions, is just a complete loser. Not that I'm happy about saying that. It's just the facts. When we look at what exactly my condition was as a bad condition, however, that changed, and I'm here today, and I'm going to tell you what occurred and how it applies to you, and I hope nothing like this ever happens to you, because it's very serious, especially for men, because we're the providers often. And so suicide was something I considered a couple of times, just because it was so easy to relieve that type of pain. I had a judgment. I had banks coming after me, lawyers, awful. So I never personally guarantee anything anymore. I hope that never happens to you. But what I'd like you to do is imagine here, while you're in these seats, that you did not qualify in your business to earn enough revenue to have this seat, that one day in the past, you already were at a revenue model that didn't qualify you to be here. But now you're here, and now you're on the outside looking in. And that's what it's like when you're in that position and you don't want to be in the outside looking in. However, all of you are on the inside right now, and there's a reason you're on the inside, you've made it. You've beaten the odds. I mean, you've done an incredible job, and I'm going to demonstrate that in numbers, and it's, it's actually really interesting. But you all have a formula. You may not know what your formula is. You know what you do and how you do it and why you do it, but you may not actually define what it is that you are doing. And by I'm a very goal oriented person, and by the time I'm done with this little lecture here, I want to impress upon you all to very clearly define in one sentence what it is that you do, because many of you do know and many of you do not, and it's important to understand, because when you understand what you were doing, what your formula is, you can then decrease all the noise and focus on the signal in the market. And I'll get into that right now. So to advance. So this is me. I own a factory in China. It's a very long story how I went from the depths of hell to this, but I basically start up companies, I incubate brands, I design products, and I look for problems in markets and I create solutions. So we are a different group of people. I don't often get to speak to a group of people this large, who are often my peers, because there are just not a lot of us. We think there are, because we're all together and it's just normal for us, and we feel like, yeah, we're just the normal type of people. We hang around people like us. We step out of our circle, and there are very few people like us in the United States. There are 33 million businesses. Of those businesses, 3 million make $1 million or more. There are 340 million people in the United States and 3 million businesses in the United States make a million dollars or more. 600,000 businesses make between 1,000,002 and a half million, roughly and 350,000 make over $5 million do you recognize how small that little sliver is, and you all sit in that tiny, little sliver. This is awesome. Okay, here's my favorite. Here's my second favorite slide. It is generally agreed upon that 97% of people who start a business fail. That means there's a 3% positive rate. Okay, does anybody know of the 3% who survive? How? What percentage of the 3% go on to make a million dollars in revenue or more? Who said 3% that was awesome. Very close. And how about five? How about how about $5 million in revenue? I. If you survive, and you're the 3% how many go on to make $5 million of revenue? Any idea, half of Jesus, did you go through this slide? This is exactly right. That is awesome. Think about this. This is the probability of the 3% so if you, I'm a probabilistic thinker, and I, I think in math, and if you actually multiply all that out the numbers, you just start piling zeros. And it's inconsequential. It's so tiny you have beaten the odds so incredibly well. It's it's almost impossible. It really is. It's almost impossible. You should really all think about what you have achieved, because to get to this level is very, very rare. It's extremely rare. And so my big question is, Oh, and if you are in New York City, the probability that you're going to a restaurant with an average of 30 seats that someone else in our peer group is there is 18% for someone with a million dollar revenue, or 7% and usually we are not going to Gray's papaya up in Harlem. We are going to some places downtown where we all might migrate and congregate. So those numbers are actually higher. So you have done something very few people in the world have done or are capable of doing. So why are you here? It's a really good question. So why are you here? If you already are, you know, a superpower in some sort, there's really not a lot of reason for you to be here. You're already successful. You've already got revenue. But we're not dumb. We know that the world changes. We know that markets change preferences, change desires, change sentiment, changes products, change quality, changes marketing channels, change marketing changes. We know all of this, and we're not dumb. We're smart enough to know that we have to insulate ourselves against change, and what we need to do is we need to go out, and we need to figure out what else is out there. And what we do is we listen, and we start talking to other people, and then we start thinking, Well, what am I missing? Everybody? Every single person here does not think they know it all. There's no person here, and that's something about our group, is that we're willing to admit what we know and what we don't know and what we don't know, we really, we really want to learn, right? And so that's me on the left. It's not me, it's aI generated. Thank you for the AI generation. I'm big into AI generation, but you how many of us have stared out the window or looked at our computer screen and we're wondering, you know, what am I missing? We're seeing somebody else do something. We're learning that somebody else has a tactic. We don't know the tactic yet, they seem like they're killing it. They're making a lot of money. I want to make more money. I want my business to survive longer. What is it that I need to do? What are we missing? So what do we do? We seek Intel. How many people here have read any of these books? Has anybody read any of these books? Yeah. Look at, look at how many hands why? Why do we read these books? Especially this one The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. Anybody who starts out with a list of what you need to what how you should be or else you will not be successful. Is this a loser proposition to start, I started I've never had a job. I've only worked for two summers during summer break going to school. I've been starting companies since I was 18 years old. All I know how to do is do startups. I know nothing else. I don't know how to, you know, run a big, bureaucratic operation. I know how to take an idea, synthesize it into a product or a service and sell it. And when I was in my 20s, I really depended upon everybody else. I depended on employees and people to help me get my goal reached. And so in doing that, I figured, okay, what I really need to do is I need to go out and study what other successful people do. How do successful people do what they do? And so you would go, and all of us, do we go and read these books? We're like, oh, let's go read this. Let's find out how to be more successful. Somebody else knows something more than me. What is it that they're doing that I'm not doing that? I need to go do that and emulate that, if I can. And so I studied the business of business and learning and learning and learning. So I have a I run businesses, I start businesses, but I also study businesses as a as an interest. What I've learned is I can read that book and so can you. There are no people in this room. You are all highly effective, but whatever's in that book doesn't mean anything, because it doesn't does that mean that if I don't have seven of those traits, I won't be effective, and if I don't have one of those traits, does it mean that I'm more susceptible to failure, because that's the only way to succeed,

Speaker 1  09:53
or no rules Netflix, where they have, you know, their own culture, and these books are designed around people's dealings. A what you do and what you do I can't do and you can't do what I do. We do something different. You and I, all of us. We think differently. We problem solve differently. We have our own visions. We have our own desires. We know what we want, and that's why it's so amazing when two great people get together, we're so amazed at the other person, we're blown away, because the other person has a ability to think and problem solve in a way that we do not. And so one plus one doesn't equal two. One plus one equals four or five. This is my favorite. This is a guy by name of Bill heineke, success. And what, what I want to impress upon you is so rare, it seems like it's everywhere. We have these hero models of Steve Jobs and, you know, these billion dollar corporations, they're only like five to 10,000 billion dollar corporations the United States. And anyone who succeeds finally sticks their head up above water, starts talking to the rest of the world, and they realize, Wow, I really know something. I know something a lot of people don't do. So they go write a book. And this guy, Bill, he writes a book, and his first book is 21 golden rules. It's the gold. He's going to give us all the value. Follow these rules and you will be successful like me. This guy's a multi billionaire. He lives in Thailand, and then he comes out later with 25 golden rules, because, oh, he forgot some. And you know, like, that's going to be critical. None of it's going to matter to us. We did four more golden rules. Is going to move the needle for anybody here? It's just absolutely not. And so the next slide is my favorite slide, and what the objective is is trying to separate the signal from the noise. How many people have have gone out, and we're talking about AI today, and now people are asking questions about, How did you get that done? It was done in chatgpt. Like some people know chatgpt, other people do not. And in order to go and learn chatgpt, you have to go out and collect Intel. And so you have to look around. We're looking on Instagram. We're looking at different places. We don't know what yet to believe. And because the pace of technology in the past 20 years, it's created opportunities like Amazon, but it's also created a lot of noise. How many times have you scrolled Instagram you see some 21 year old kid with some photoshopped, you know, Shopify or Amazon screen and telling you he's gonna, you know, sell you a $3,000 master class on some really intricate way that you're gonna blow up your sales. And then you see like Dave Fogarty from the UD endorsing somebody, and you're confused. And the more that you see this, the more that you see it, the more that you see it, you become biased. And we, as owners and leaders and founders, our job is to cut through all of that. So another slide is the favorite slide. So if you can tell me, what dot you see first. It'll be really interesting. Anyone. Oh, yeah, right. Why? Why send it? Okay, this is, this is awesome. Every single slide I've had from the start has had this red or orange dot. Okay, I've biased you already. It's called the Bader mine hop frequency illusion. The more you see something, the more you see something, the more you're biased toward it. If I tell you, just focus on the pink dots. You can't you'll look at them, but you're seeing all those red, orange dots right there. You can't take your eyes off of them. Everything you're seeing is those dots because I programmed you the whole time. And so this is called the signal versus the noise. Is very popular. That orange, red dot could be signal or it could be noise, and you want it to be signal. And what that means is you don't want to fall for or be subjected to or fall prey to noise. Noise makes us distracted. It wastes resources. It forces us to make bad decisions, and so you can more easily separate yourself from the noise if you know your own formula, if you know exactly what you were doing and how you do it, where it's bulletproof. And my formula is very simple, which I'll disclose. Now I create, I look for problems and dislocations in markets, and I create solutions for which people pay. One step down from that. I have a way I do that, and there are certain groups I focus on for that, but that's what I do. It's a, what I call a global formula. There are local formulas too, and you have to understand what the difference is between the global and local formula. And I'm going to keep this picture on the screen for a second while. I tell you this story, because what I'm going to focus on is the tree here in the picture. This is my country house I bought 20 years ago that somehow, through the grace of God, I never lost. And that tree is really important so all of us, there is not one person here who is linearly gone straight up. Does. There's not products come up, they come down. They lose money. You try to replace them. Your business goes up, it comes down. Personal problems occur. You are always going through some frequency change. Very rarely does anything go straight up. Sometimes it does for people this great that's not me, and it's likely not most of us. And if you have a really good and solid formula, you can continue to rely on that formula. And there's this giant pine tree. When I bought this place 20 years ago, there were other trees around it, around the house I took down that were just like it. I don't know why I didn't take down this one, but it's got this lightning strike in it, and it's big and tall. It's been there for over 100 years. And I'll sit on my deck and I'll smoke a cigar, and I'll look at that tree, and I'll be like, you know, that's Kat know, that's kind of like me. I've been I've been struck by lightning, but I'm still here. I'm still standing. And why am I still standing? And the reason for which I'm still standing is because, after having lost everything and more and trying to figure out what I was going to do. Yet, next, all I did was continue to apply the same formula I applied to get me where I was before, and that is, I find a dislocation or a problem in a market and create a solution for which people pay. And that's what I did. I did it in beauty. That's how I started doing it. And I designed products and problem solving products that didn't need any marketing for the first many years. So you're probably wondering, okay, what's the difference between a global and a local formula? A global formula is one that you can bolt on to any industry, anywhere geographically, even doesn't matter. It can be anywhere in the anywhere in the world, example of that. So we just go down the list there. You'll see water going to a foreign you know, my formula might be, I go to impoverished countries where water is a is an expensive commodity. I dig a well. I get people to pay me every single year for the water ad infinitum. And all I do is in continue to do that. There are always pockets of poor people all over the world without water. It's great. Versus a cronut, which is in New York. It's a New York a New York food, dessert, and the cronut is five to $10 million product depends on the local market, maybe a little bit outside that market, but it's a local market that's a local formula versus a global formula, arbitrage, buy low, sell high, common. We are. That's what that's what we do. You can do that in a Turkish bazaar or in a shoe store downtown. But exploitative on the other side for local market is something that maybe is time sensitive. It's seasonal, something where you have to get as much as you pop much as you possibly can from people at a certain period of time.

Speaker 1  17:47
And if you look at the top line, problem, problem solution fit, that's where I fit in. I'm a problem solution fit kind of guy. I'm looking for big problems. Creating a solution locally that would be desire fulfillment, so wavy. You can think about it like the circus coming to town. The Circus is coming the circus global, it's constantly moving around, is going to new markets, but you have the concession for the circus, and it's a $2 million a year revenue stream for you. And that's how you take care of that's your local formula. I focus on the circus, or I focus on events coming to town, something like that. So this is what you want to do. Is you want to define what it is you do. I am not an Amazon seller. I'm not a DTC seller. What I do is, and I'm just iterating, is, I purchase close outs from shoe stores for 1010, cents on the dollar of retail, and then I remarket them through my marketing channels, or something like that, and that becomes a global strategy where you can bolt that onto something else. So knowing your formula will fortify you against the noise that's in the market. It'll stop you from wondering what other people are doing and how they're doing it, because you already have your own formula, and if you confirm whether yours is global or local, you can then determine whether yours is is going to need to need more maintenance, meaning, if it's local, you have to depend on your local markets. You can make a lot of money with local formulas. If it's global, you can make, usually make a lot more money with global formulas. If you're a global formula person, you can double down on your global if you're a local formula you need to continue to explore if you can migrate that to other areas. And if you were to do this and you define in one sentence what it is that you do or what your formula is, then you will fortify yourself, and you will understand more clearly and never have to worry about what it is you're doing, but you can worry about more about tactics and focusing with without being polluted by the noise. So I've tried to do this in 20 minutes so I could take any questions, if you have it, okay. Questions,

Speaker 2  20:03
yeah, how would with so many different businesses, but one global vision? How would you explain what you do for each business, but then, as Eric,

Speaker 1  20:13
so, my job is to make as much money as possible. That's it. I mean, I don't think anybody you know that's just normal. That's what we do. And so in order to shortcut that process, I know that solving problems for people, if you have a headache and I give you aspirin and make you pay me for it, you'll pay me a lot to get rid of that headache. So I look for people with headaches. I particularly look for groups of people who are not well regarded or well respected and have a passion and they have some ability to pay so examples of that. In my previous career, I started a mortgage bank for the Hispanic community. I recognize that the Hispanic community had a massive amount of buying power. They always had jobs. They had money to invest into down payments. They all wanted to buy homes. It was their primary goal in life, except they didn't understand or have access to financing. So I went and started a bank, and I had the second largest banking operation to Hispanics on the East Coast, right after country wide, if people remember that. And so I unlocked, I found a whole group of people who needed access to money and needed access to information but didn't have it. No one cared about them. Everyone said, Oh, that guy mows my lawn, or the woman cleans my home. What they don't realize is that population has a massive amount of work ethic and cash, and they are really good borrowers, so I created a mortgage bank that solved the problem for them. I did that in real estate as

Speaker 3  21:49
well. Yeah. How do you identify the problem? You could try to buy solution work.

Speaker 1  21:53
That's your creative mind at work. So if you want to identify the problem, I do it organically. It's usually through conversation, talking to somebody, hearing a story, understanding what someone why someone has the problem. Is it really a problem? Are you making up the problem? There's a process. And I have a very curious mind, so I'm interested in learning about these problems. If you apply it to something like Amazon, for instance, Amazon is is filled with problems, and most of you are here working out the problems in order to to find or in order to exploit that gap. There's marketing problems, there's all sorts, and that's why you're sitting in this room, and that's why most people on Amazon are never going to be in this room, because you're working out those problems, right? So if you're thinking about bigger problems or other types of problems, it's a function of, for me, it's a function of, really a dialog with a lot of people like, you know what it is? Oh, I wish I had this. If I hear I wish I had or I wish I something, I'm like, Okay, tell me more. And what are you willing to pay for something like that? You know? And then I get going down that path,

Speaker 4  23:02
yes, so we went through in the beginning, there were a statistical minority. Is that something

Speaker 1  23:08
that we should pass out on the back for? Yes, you absolutely should. No. 100% you know, we try not to make a big deal of anything that we do, because we don't think it's a big deal. It's just what we do. But yeah, you should give yourself a pat on the back. Very few people have appetite for risk, and the risk about which we're talking is risk that if we don't take it, that is the risk. So that means is, there's some one, one person will say, Oh, I don't know about that. If I, if I do that, you know that's going to risk the money, and I don't know if I want to risk that. And you're looking at it going, Well, screw it, like, yeah, that's not a risk to me, that if I don't do this, that's the risk, because then I'll never achieve you'll be in the same lane, and I'm going to be moving ahead. And, by the way, if I lose it and I don't move ahead financially, now I've collected all that information, I can reapply that to the next so it's very different. So yeah, you should pat yourself on the back we're employers. You know, like, how many people are employers? Very few.

Speaker 2  24:05
So Warren burpet had popularized the concept of circle of competence, and one of the problems we as entrepreneurs face is the shiny object syndrome. Yes. How do you decide what's knowing your formula, what's within your circle, competence versus this sort of shiny object syndrome, where you will up dirty cost of losing money with time over six months, and you're like, Kat, maybe I should probably

Speaker 1  24:31
book it. I have something, and I'll send it to you. I actually have a opportunity matrix that I've created, which has four variables, time the investment involved, how much profitability it will be in the first year and effort. And if you actually break down your decision making into those four variables for anything, it doesn't have to be just it's for me, for what I do, for product development, I'm like, Okay, I have these five different products I can make. How much do they cost? What am I. To make from them. You'll quickly see that that shiny object syndrome starts, starts. It becomes very apparent. You're like, oh, wow, that's really expensive, and I can make a lot, but it's going to take me a lot of time and energy, and I don't know if it's worth it. When I can do these smaller ones right now and blow them out, and then I can be I can advance a little bit more. I've done shiny object projects, you know, I I reasonably try to, I've been through the whole spectrum. So I'm speaking here from I'm talking from experience, and I've done the shiny object syndrome, and you can learn a lot from it. But ultimately you have to determine, is this something like an art project, or is this something is this a commerce project? And often, people who make a lot of money look for art projects. They get bored of what they're doing, and what they want is, they want something to entertain them. They need a dopamine hit so they in. They create these new, more complicated projects that will satisfy them. Friends of mine Ask, ask me about this. They tell me, I have an idea. Whenever I'm buying I want to do this that the other I'm like, no, no. I'm like, No, you're not gonna do any of that. Just don't get bored of the model that you've created. You have a formula, stay with it, and it gets boring to stay with the formula. It gets boring to stay with the model. But if you do, you will greatly succeed. Greatly, greatly succeed, as long as you keep doing what you're doing. Yes, please, folks, you actually recommend? Yes, absolutely. The number one book I always recommend is called, As a man thinketh. It's 100 year old book, and over 100 years like 1902 it's a phenomenal book, and reminding us why we kind of do what we do and how we do it, because it's it's written in such a way. It's by James Allen, and it's about, it's about how you think in your mindset. And I, I listen to it. I don't read it as much anymore, but I listen to it about three or four times a year, and it's only, it's very short, but that is a, that is a book I absolutely recommend. I wrote a book too, if anybody has employees, I wrote a really interesting book on employee employer relationship, and it's split for half for employers, half our employees. But I'm not here to Pitch Anything. I'm just here to share. Yes, um,

Speaker 2  27:08
it seems like you've done a lot of various and non unrelated businesses. You find, do you find yourself having difficulty transferring your skills from, you know, one business to another No,

Speaker 1  27:24
because the skills you're describing are technical skills. The real skill is being able to have your formula and know that this is what I do. You follow the formula. You put everything into the boxes. If you find, if I find myself out of technical skill, I'll either go learn it or I'll I'll acquire it. There's a danger in that that also goes back to the shiny object syndrome, because you can, you know, you think about like, Okay, well, I'm going to get into some unknown, and then you end up with some hairy beast. You don't understand that happens. Yes, it's happened to me before, too. However, I have a lot of technical skills that people think are completely useless. I went to, I took a class in Photoshop at NYU. People were like, why you do that? You just run the company. Just hire somebody. I'm like, because I want to know. That's it. They just want to know. And now I know it. And then I learned illustrator. And by the way, when I was dead broke and I had to create packaging. Who created the packaging? Me? I went and learned illustrator, went on YouTube, figured out I can blow anybody in my team away at illustrator, I have a team of graphic designers. They I tell them to send me files and I fix them. I have an eye for stuff. I and I can express myself very clearly and quickly. I can, I can draw up something and show it to you. It's a technical skill, right? It's not talent. I just went out and learned it. So you can learn technical skills. But it's harder to do. What everybody here does is the hardest part to do, just building that business. That's the hardest completely. Any questions?

Speaker 4  28:58
Please, the organs go stale. Yes, so

Speaker 1  29:02
local formulas go stale. Global formulas do not. Local formulas are usually, are usually time sensitive, right? Global formulas do not, arbitrage, never go stale, right? Buying low, selling high, never goes stale. How exploitative does right? It could last for years. It could last for a decade, right? But policy changes, local changes, weather could impact it, depending on what it is. There's a ton of money to be made with both of these. There isn't one. One is not better than the other. It's just define what it is. So you know what you have. Because if you have a local wine and it's time sensitive, know it's time sensitive, so you can at least prepare. If you have a global one, you can then retrofit onto anything. Mine is global. I can go into beauty. I can go into whatever it is technology. It doesn't matter. I do that. I bring the same problem solving to each of those. But local would be like me opening up an ice cream. Shop here and exploiting the ice cream shop until there might be more local competition, then I would have to think about it becoming global. That means I have to expand, and I have to turn into a brand, and I have to I have to scale, and have to do something else. And that doesn't mean it's going to make me money. There may not be any problem to solve, but locally there might be a problem to solve, but globally it may not be. So there's, there's two different types. And so this, this directly applies to the this directly applies to how everybody is operating in this room. Some of what you're doing, is it transferable to another industry or another platform, or is it specifically to one? And then, if that platform goes down, are you then more then? What are you? Do you just pick up and move to somewhere else. You just bolt on, or you have to go figure out how to start up an entirely new industry, in an entirely new industry. So thank you very much. I very much appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai