Speaker 1  00:05
So today we're going to be talking about how to grow and today's upcoming and changing world. A lot has been changing. It's an interesting world that we live in in today. A lot of things going on economically, globally, with wars and stuff like that, and, of course, AI all at the same time. So things are changing. I'm going to break some of them down, and if you just implement one or two things, you should be able to generate more revenue. My name is Neil Patel. I'm the co founder of an ad agency called NP digital. You know, have a lot of awards. Work for a lot of brands, help people in retail, commerce all over the world. Have tons of awards for this. And the reason I bring up the awards, and some of the logos from like the Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Levi's, the L'Oreal, the list goes on and on, is the strategies and the tactics work, you know? And it's not really rocket science, but people make out a lot of stuff to be rocket science. It's the unless you guys are entrepreneurs, in here, is everyone entrepreneur? Yeah, pretty much. You know, it's just like, I meet so many people our company employs, called 1000 plus people. I don't know the exact head count. It's up counting after a while. And we also don't want to say more than 1000 because once you start saying 1500, 2000 et cetera, some people feel that you're too big, so they actually hurts revenue, believe it or not. So then you adjust the number based on who you're talking to. But I always just say 1000 plus, and actually saying the real number. And when you have the head count that we do, we're not really big compared to like a Microsoft or someone like that, you start seeing all these people from Harvard and Stanford applying, no offense to any of you guys who went to Ivy League, but what you find is a lot of the people who just get stuff done are those ones who are entrepreneurs, who just execute. Right? It's not rocket science to grow your traffic, your sales, you just got to actually just take action. And I want to break down some ways you can take action today. But first you need to know that the E commerce landscape is changing. It's no longer someone going down one path before they buy the amount of times people find things on Tiktok, then go do research on Amazon, then go to the website, look at more reviews, subscribe to their blog or their newsletter, find a sale offer, then eventually buy. They've used, not only, multiple platforms, multiple devices. So what actually gets the allocation for the sale? Right? It all actually adds up, but the journey is very complex, and it's not just shelves or screens or social feeds, but people are also buying at any time of the day. I tell a story about my kids. I'm traveling to New York. I got here yesterday night, leave tomorrow, or actually, no, I leave right after this. I'm gonna talk about but I fly a lot, like last week was Calgary, week before was London and Paris. I think I come back to New York, maybe on Monday, right? Like it all just starts blending in. My wife used to tell me that, hey, you're spending a lot of money buying kids presence. This is really bad. We shouldn't be buying our kids all these toys when you're traveling, it's just a bad experience, and you're spoiling them. And I'm like, okay, you know, I'm married. I don't know how many of you guys are married in relationship. I don't want argument. My wife and I really don't argue that often. Last time we really argued was during COVID. She hoarded too much bread in the freezer. I didn't have enough space for my ice cream cake, so I was like, this, sucks. My ice cream cake can't fit within six hours. She said, sorry. I said, sorry. That was my last real argument with my wife, and it's not a real argument, but my wife, one day, tells me, like, Honey, you're so sweet. How do you know I was almost out of post its? You bought me post it, and I should have went along with it, but I didn't you know, because I don't want to lie either. I'm like, I didn't buy you post its, I don't know you're talking about I'm barely home. How would I know that you're almost out of post its, I use a computer. I'd never write anything on a piece of paper. And we found out it was our kids who ordered the post its because they use most of them. And my kids at this point are four and six. They both just had birthdays recently, but this happened when they were three and five, and what we found out is our kids have been ordering toys for themselves and post its and they do it through Alexa, my wife's the one who signed up for Alexa. It's her account, so she can't blame me for the toys anymore. And they're spending 1000s and 1000s every single month. How do you map out that journey? You know, they're finding stuff on YouTube, and then they're buying it off this Alexa, and then I'm just like, what? The heck. And then my wife's like, sorry for telling you that you're spoiling all the kids and buying less. I'm like, Yeah, I haven't been buying them anything. And she's like, we figured out it was Alexa. And then we dug deeper. Not only that, they subscribe to, like, what is called Paramount plus through Amazon Prime, because you can buy other subscriptions audible like they're just buying everything. I had to go and start canceling everything like it adds up. That's how crazy commerce journeys are today, and the younger generation believes that we are all crazy because we buy a lot of stuff by typing they buy through talking. Think about how much the world is gonna change within five to 10 years, and we're already starting to see trends that way because of AI. In store shopping, though still holding but in store shopping is getting digitalized. How many of you guys sell your products through in store as well. Raise your hand. Some of you guys, you guys should really look at this. It's a huge opportunity in store. Have you guys noticed that there's ads that you can buy in store? Now, a lot of stores have digital billboards, or like, when you're opening up a drink from a fridge, they have advertisements for other drinks. The ads are extremely cheap and convert extremely well. You buy the ads in the same store that you sell a product in. It's pennies on the dollar. Cash Flows extremely well from what we've tested. You guys should really look into that, right? And spending is shifting right. People are buying smaller value items, like household things, alcohol, groceries, lot of it's going online for big, complex purchases. Virtual showrooms aren't cutting it. I very rarely see people saying, I want to buy a car. Yeah, you can buy Tesla online. But the reason they have the showrooms is because people don't want to spend 3040, 5060, grand without actually seeing, touching, feeling test driving, right? So for big, expensive purchases, people are still going into showrooms, and your website is only one place where people are purchasing online. Amazon is a huge channel, but your own website is another massive channel, and Instagram, Tiktok, they're all growing really fast. But the reason I bring up this chart, this was through a lot of commerce companies that we ended up doing the analysis on. Here's a rough split. All right, if your splits not looking like this, that means you're probably over indexing in one channel, and that means you should be spending more on some of these other channels where you're not indexing proportionally, and that means you're just missing out on a lot of revenue. So just keep that in mind, even Google, they replicate a lot of Amazon's features when you look at their search and how it works, you gotta be there. It's a really important channel. Of course, did you guys know that Google has over 13 point 7 billion searches a day? I'll actually show a chart on that in a bit. But the new buyer journey is everywhere, from doing Google searches to looking at Google lens for a product and taking an image of it to purchasing on social media. You got to be on all these channels. How many of you guys are selling on Instagram and Tiktok right now? Raise your hand. Okay, out of the people, raise your hand. Raise them a little higher, so people can see how many of it is really profitable for you. You got to adjust your creatives. We actually seeing it as a very profitable channel the ones who are making it work, it's just through creative testing. Double down on testing more creative stuff out of the ones who are doing on who raised your hand? How many of you guys use UGC creative to make it profitable? Raise your hand and did it? Was it profitable through your UGC creatives? Look at that. Okay, we found when it tends to be more UGC created push. It works really well. So imagine doing influencer marketing, but the influencer creates the creative and then you're going and pushing it on Tiktok ads and places like that. Super effective, right? So not just UGC, but combine UGC with influencers who are well known in that vertical, not a Kardashian. They need to be more well known within the vertical. They don't need to be have as many followers. It could be a micro influencer. We see the ads converting way better and it becoming much more profitable. Keep in mind, when you sign that contract with the influencer, you got to have in writing that you can use that ad and run it on multiple channels for a while. A lot of SMBs don't do this, and then eventually they get sued, being like, well, you've been running this ad for two years. I didn't give you a rights to run it for a long time, and you start having all these issues. Just keep that in mind.

Speaker 1  09:59
Here's a. Chart that showcases how many searches there are. Google has roughly 27% of the market share. Instagram is actually the second most popular search engine. Believe it or not, people don't just search for friends on Instagram. They're searching for like purses. They're searching for fashion trends. They're searching for even B to B, stuff. They're searching for everything on Instagram. We even work with corporations like Intuit. We actually do this for Intuit. We help them be found on Instagram when people are searching for stuff related to the products that they're selling. You can do it for almost all industries. There's a ton of money to be made on these other platforms, but yet, people don't look at them as key opportunities. Amazon, I know you guys do 3.5 ish, billion searches a day. I think it's 3.5 Yeah, 3.5 My eyes are getting a little fuzzy as I get older. Yeah, go ahead. Is

Unknown Speaker  10:55
this us or international? Global?

Speaker 2  10:59
This is total searches, not representative of econ searches to purchase

Speaker 1  11:02
correct total searches, right? But places like Amazon, most of it's going to be econ related, not all of it. Keep in mind, on Amazon, you can search for shows to watch, like on prime and stuff like that. So skew some of the numbers, like someone looking to watch Jack Ryan or the NFL game. They're not really purchasing something. They already have a prime account. But search is pretty much happening everywhere. Commerce is a good chunk of it, but commerce is happening on a lot of channels, like snap, one of the best channels that we've seen for commerce. They don't drive the volume, but it's really affordable. Your our CPAs that we're seeing on SNAP are really low compared to some of the other channels. How many of you guys use snap as advertising to sell your products? Raise your hand. One person. You're getting good results. One person. Now, do you see why I'm talking about SNAP? One person out of this whole room. It's not that it's a bad channel. People just don't do it because they don't really look at snap as a good channel. Evan Spiegel is in the same city as me, not in the same neighborhood. He's building like 100 plus million dollar home snap makes money. They're still growing in this shit economy. If you look at their stock price, you can see it. They're still growing. It is a gold mine for revenue, because it's not competitive. You're not going to get the volume you're going to get from like Amazon, right? I don't know your volume from snap, but do you also sell on Amazon? Your Amazon revenue must be much larger, correct? Yeah, yeah. What percentage snap makeup of your revenue? If you had

Speaker 3  12:40
a guess? So we're, I've got brands that we do snap with. They're typically more successful. They're larger items, and I would say probably about 10% everything, yeah. So what's the

Unknown Speaker  12:53
revenue number? Low rent, uh, see

Speaker 3  12:57
what I'm thinking about top my head. They're between seven or 9 million. Think about that. 10%

Speaker 1  13:05
on our end, we're seeing closer to like eight ish seven, eight ish. Percent at scale, the brands I'm thinking of do north of 30, but that's still a good number, right? Like how much revenue you guys missing out by not being on SNAP. Now, the big shift that we're seeing now from 2020 to 2024 is people are using multiple search engines to do a search, to convert and in commerce, we're starting to see a lot of transactions happen from Ai platforms like chat, GPT, right? You need a push on your own website as well, because there's a lot of opportunities to generate search from these platforms, and people are actually buying from them. It's growing at a really rapid rate. Funny enough, from the data we have, we actually see this a little bit better in B to B than B to C. I know you guys are B to C, but we're seeing B to C starting to pick up and grow at a rapid rate, because what's happening with B to C, B to B is they're doing research a lot on these llms, and then they're going over for the purchase B to C, because the price points are much lower. They're not spending as much time doing research. But we're starting to see it change, because places like Google and stuff are integrating more AI within their or they're integrating commerce more within their AI, search, and so is chat GPT. We're also seeing a rise in social commerce. People spend roughly 1/3 of their time online on these social platforms. If you're not selling on places like snap, you're missing out on revenue. Pinterest is another huge channel. How many of you guys sell on Pinterest? Few of you and what percentage of your revenue comes from Pinterest?

Speaker 4  14:48
Small we mainly just do blocks, and then in the blocks we have blogs, we have affiliate links, but that's what we link.

Speaker 1  14:56
Okay, you raise your hand as well. What percentage of your revenue comes from Pinterest? Outcome, top of funnel, we see Pinterest for commerce driving like three 4% All right, so the reason I'm telling you this is I just want to inform you of what we're seeing in mass scale. Keep in mind, I'm an agency with 1000 plus people right globally, and a lot of these numbers and percentages I'm giving you are mainly US based, because I don't have the numbers for our India team. You know, off the top of my head, I live in the US, so I mainly see our US data more than our global data. But the point I'm getting at is there's a lot of revenue to be had business owners, we have so many opportunities, it's a question of which one do you want to focus on next? You're not going to be able to focus on all of them, but you should know these numbers, so then that way you can better inform yourself on other growth opportunities, right? And when you look at social search and the number of people that are discovering people, not even from searching, just on these social platforms, it's rising at a rapid rate, right percentage people who bought a product after discovering it on social media. Look at Snapchat there. That is why Snapchat is an amazing channel. It doesn't have the volume, but the intent is much stronger on Snapchat. Remember, Snapchat doesn't have really young people using Snapchat, the people who are on Snapchat who are young. Guess what happened to them? They got older. Tiktok now has a really young people snap has people who have jobs now they have income, so it's a channel that you shouldn't ignore, all right. And social search is also booming. The number of people that are spending more and more time doing searches on social media is growing at a really rapid rate because they're all integrating AI into it. You see Mark Zuckerberg, he posted how he's trying to take people from open AI or Sam Altman did? He's like, Yeah, he's offering some of our key employees $100 million to switch. And he's just like, he's like, we haven't lost anyone who's really talented yet from Facebook. But the way Sam worded it, it means he lost people, but he's saying he hasn't lost his major great people yet to meta, they're like they're all focusing on making search better and discovery better on social. And social shopping is the biggest trend movement that we're seeing companies invest in in 2025 it's supposed to go to a $6.2 trillion market by 2030 You guys gotta sell on social. You guys gotta push harder on SNAP. You gotta push harder on all the platforms that allow you to buy, like Instagram and places like that. Here's an example. How many of you guys try to sell on Instagram? One thing that we found really well is go live with the influencer and talk about your products. And when you go live, because they're pushing people in their algorithms to see these lives, you can then push people from the live to go buy your product, and then you have that content that's out there on the internet, and then you can use it for UGC as well, and then run ads to it, and then get people to buy, you get a double whammy. It actually helps your ROI and social commerce has no age limit. Doesn't matter what age you're going after everyone's buying on social media, even my mom does. And my mom is, I should actually know how old she is. She's getting close to 70, she's using my credit card to buy on social media, sadly, but I love my mom to death. But people are buying no matter what age group. And the top platform for social commerce when you're looking from an LTV perspective, keep this in mind. How many of you guys sell products where people can keep buying more and more over time. You guys need to figure out how to get people to keep buying more of your products over time, or add in products that are ancillary, that people can start buying over time. YouTube tends to have the highest LTV just for a minute. Here. I know you guys sell stuff online. If I look at the biggest companies, because we work with so many commerce companies, you know, the differentiator between the people who are making hundreds of millions of dollars versus the ones who aren't, there's actually one big differentiator. Anyone want to take a guess what it is? The bigger ones, the most commonality they have, is they figured out how to sell a product that people have to keep buying more of over time. It's easier in marketing to get your existing customers to buy more from you than it is to go sell to new people. So the reason I'm pointing this out is most businesses can figure out how to adapt and get. Something to buy over time. Who here doesn't have a product that people buy from multiple times? Raise your hand. Okay, what do you sell that's actually inaccurate you sell? You can come up with new Christmas trees, better lights. My wife's a perfect example. You know how many times she buys new Christmas trees that aren't real. Every single year, people do buy more Christmas trees over time. You just gotta re target them with look at this new thing. Look at this new lights, new technology, bigger, better price deals. Why would you want the same old one? Right? Anyone have another example of something that someone will leave? That someone only buys once? Don't be shy. I'll try to convince you on how you can try to sell more often. Maybe I'm wrong. Go for it. Vegan milk, and you help make more milk. Almonds and oh, okay, so your customer is probably vegan. You agree with this statement, because they're not eating milk. So we tend to make almond milk. I don't know how, but there's a jug in my fridge, and some cook makes almond milk every single week. Okay? They either do it by hand, but they have a machine. Are you able to do it by hand, or you need a machine? Okay, so they probably have a machine. I live in Beverly Hills, so I'm guessing I probably have a machine. Okay, well, we have a cook. We have a cook. So that probably means I have a machine. I don't think much about food. I'm also not home that often, so I eat room service more than I eat food at home. But if I was selling a machine for almond milk, keep in mind that person has other things that they eat or other food. So I could go and sell other utensils. For example, I can sell a machine. I don't know if this is possible. That helps you make vegan cheese out of cashews. I can go you're working on All right, see, that's a great example, and I'm not vegan, and I came up with that. All right, but do you see how there's so many more products you can sell to your same user base over time, and then you can actually have ingredient packets. All right, I saw a pressed juice one time machine that, like you put this packet in and it helps you come up with the best juice. How can you also sell packages? Think of like an espresso, where you're putting in capsules, where it makes it even easier for people. Remember, people pay for efficiency, like, if you can just help them do things cheaper, more efficient, faster, better quality. So if you're just like, yeah, you can grind all the almonds and all this kind of stuff, or you can just say, Hey, this is the best almonds that work in the machine, that produce the best quality milk with the best, uh, dates. You can get a subscription. We'll send them over to your house. You can get them on a monthly basis. It's because a lot of people who are vegan. A lot of them do it for choice, because of helping protect animals and the way they believe. Well, you can also talk about farmers not using pesticides and doing what's better and following with some of the same ethics and maybe morals as some of these people who are vegan have, right? Do you follow me on how you can continually sell more and more? So the concept when people think that their product could only be used once, is a big misconception, and I was at a conference other day and someone's like, we sell cars. People don't buy cars all the time, so he's just like, Sure, it's not a one time purchase, but they're not purchasing another car in two, three years or five years. People tend to have their cars depending on the country, a lot longer. And I said, Yes, but you know what you have with your car? And he was like, what? And I said, cars need service, and this person worked for a car manufacturer, and I'm like, How can you get them to go to the dealerships for servicing? Because that's a huge revenue opportunity. He's like, Yeah, we make a dealerships make a lot of money from servicing. I'm like, yes, so they continually spend money with you guys versus someone else for oil changes, things like that. You can make most businesses repeat, not all, but most

Speaker 1  24:25
right and social media also affects SEO performance and SEO performance, funny enough, affects AI performance. We found that there's a direct correlation on ranking on page one of Google to getting recommended by the AI platforms as well, right? And video is what really rules social commerce and social media in general. So when you're going to create videos, even though short form video is the most highly used, I would consider creating long form videos and not short form videos. Anyone. Want to guess why you can take your long form videos and repurpose them into multiple short forms, so you're killing two birds with one stone. It just makes life easier and more efficient. And you want to optimize social commerce because Google has data deals with companies like Tiktok and YouTube, of course, and Reddit, and they're pulling all this data into these platforms, even chat, GPT and open AI. They have deals with platforms like Reddit. They're taking all this content that they're buying and showcasing it more in their platforms. And influencers are really at the front of product discovery. You gotta work out deals with influencers. Have you guys heard of an ad agency called Publicis? They're the second largest ad agency in the world. I think Omnicon and IPG just merged, so they're the largest. I think they now do like 30 ish billion in revenue, or something like that. Publicist is the second biggest. Do you know publicist has been spending all their M and A dollars on recently? They're buying up and gobbling up all the influencer agencies. It is one of the most profitable marketing channels out there that a lot of people aren't leveraging. How many of you guys leverage influencer marketing, or call it maybe 10% of the room? I would say, yeah, maybe 10, 15% of the room, how many of the people who raise their hands? How many of it works out really well for you? Pretty much, almost everyone is raising their hands. Maybe a few aren't. The key with influencer marketing is you get micro influencers. You got to reach out to manually. You got to, ideally, do it in house versus doing it through an agency. And you got to scale up to like, 700,500 influencers, and you just got to go one to one. It's just so much cheaper when you do it in house. A buddy of mine owns a commerce company called Legion athletics. They sell protein powder and supplements. The amount of influencers he has is just ridiculous. But he has one person that's, you know, paid. It's not like they're that expensive. That's just reaching out to tons of influencers that are known in the fitness space and health space, and he just pays them for posts, and it's just a numbers game, and then the person tracks engagement and cuts off the ones that aren't doing well. It works really well. Look, authenticity is also very important. And same with personalization, people are tired of seeing stuff that is AI created with content, especially when it comes to commerce, they want more things that are authentic and transparent, and it'll tend to convert better. The reason I'm emphasizing authentic and personalized is the problem isn't the channel. The problem is the creative when using things like influencers, and they're more authentic and personalized, it tends to convert better than when you're just creating something that's too highly produced, right? When you look at this case study here, keepsake mom partnered with 16 mommy influencers to reach new audiences for the personalized jewelry, lot of impressions, a lot of engagements, a lot of sales. You know, you look at that video like this isn't anything that's like too highly produced, it's just more casual stuff. That's the stuff that's working. My company does ads with like, influencers like Jennifer Lopez, right? I don't know if you consider that an influencer or celebrity. And we've done really cool ads, I've converted really well. Like, we did one with the nutrition company and Jennifer Lopez, where she's talking in her head and working out. She's like, Man, I'm taking this supplement from goalie. I feel better. Wow. And she's talking in her head so her lips aren't moving right, and she's like, I think I have more like Jennifer Lopez energy, you know, like more Jennifer J Lo power. No, that doesn't work. I got it. Light bulb goes off. She's like chenergy. You know, campaign converted extremely well. That's expensive, and we do that for large corporations. But what we find to actually convert better than that, believe it or not, is when an influencer just records something, it's Lo Fi and it's real, it's cheaper, and we're seeing it generate more revenue the big corporations prefer, like the Jennifer Lopez stuff, because it looks cool, but I would shy away fat. Now let's talk about AI power discovery. Google still rules the commerce world. When you look at transactional volume, right? Google versus chat GPT has eight times more transactional searches than chat GPT. And here's a crazy part that no one talks about chat GPT is roughly at a billion searches a day. Did you know Sundar from the Google IO event? Sundar is the CEO of Google. He said from their AI stuff, they've seen roughly a 10% increase in in searches. That 10% is more than the searches that chat GPT gets on a daily basis. People have counted Google out from this whole AI search. I want you guys to do one. Thing in commerce. How many of you guys run Google ads? All right? More of you should. Everyone should raise their hand look at Google's revenue. If you just look up their stock price, you can see it. It continually goes up into the right they're one of the biggest companies in revenue. They do over 300 billion a year in revenue, and it's still growing at clips of like 14, 15% a year. I wish I was just taking, you know, 1% a year, and that was my revenue. I think we'd all be ecstatic with that. The Google has a lot of volume and it's growing. Google lens is also another huge one too. AI search already represents 20% of Google's user base, and Google's adapting really fast with AI mode. Have you guys seen their commerce features? They're really cool, right? And a overviews is now showing up for almost half the searches you want to get your products and services mentioned in there. And it's a lot of the same traditional SEO elements that work for AI overviews. What we found is when you have product pages on that product page, you don't have to put it at the top, somewhere towards the middle or the bottom. You can even do the bottom. You can talk about like key takeaways and put in the bullet points with the most commonly asked questions. Or it could be frequently asked questions, and answer what you think the most common questions are that people have, because that's what people are also searching for. And we found that when you do it, just bullet it out a lot of times, it makes it easy for the AI overviews. And we're seeing that companies, commerce companies, are getting way pulled more often than the AI overviews, which is causing more sales

Speaker 4  31:33
go for it. Have you seen like if you're doing Facebook ads versus Google ads? Have you seen certain things are better, push on Facebook versus Google,

Speaker 1  31:44
or is it the same? So if you're doing Facebook ads versus Google ads, it's not necessarily some things are better. A lot of DTC brands believe that Facebook works better for them, and some believe that Google's better. But we actually see more believing that Facebook is better. It's not that one's better than the other, or the products that you can sell are different. It's more so how you sell is different because the format is different. So, but we see it working for everything with Google, because you can do videos and stuff through YouTube, or you will have to do more educational and send them to a landing page while Facebook, you could just have a video that just breaks down what they're getting like on Instagram, right on meta ads, and then let them just purchase right then and there. But we see it both platforms work for all product types. It's very rare that in B to C, I've run into a business that can't sell on Facebook and then can't sell on Google, or can sell on Google, but can't sell on Facebook. We see it work for both platforms. The volume will be different, but you can sell on both platforms, and usually, if you're using an agency to manage your ads, typically, most agencies are really good at Google, or they're really good at Facebook. It's hard to find agencies that can just do all and that are perfect at all of it, like I'll give you a great example with us. We do better for enterprise companies than we do for SMB companies. It's hard to be amazing at everything just being very transparent, right?

Speaker 3  33:10
Someone else had a question when you say social influences SEO, is that like by mentions of the brand name or other stuff,

Speaker 1  33:20
mentions of the brand name, brand queries, brand signals, you have to remember, they have data feeds coming from some of these social networks, and they're paying from them so they can see things like engagement and what's working and what's not. And they're feeding all this data and taking and analyzing it to see what brands are stronger on these platforms, because that gives them sentiment on Hey, which brands are most likely to be liked on Google,

Speaker 5  33:46
and the end of the day, are you being penalized for putting out, let's say, a bunch of AI ad creatives or AI copy?

Speaker 1  33:52
Well, ad creatives can't really penalize you, because it's just ads, and these platforms create help you create AI ads, so you can just test and spend money like crazy, we don't see so we'll start with the first part when the second part was, what was it? Copy? Okay, yeah. So let's start with the ad one. First with the ads. We're not always seeing AI ads convert as well. Sadly, it would make our lives easier if it did. But what we're seeing works really well is hai humans combined with AI. So you take humans, you take what's working, and then you have aI create variations of it, and then you can test in mass quantity, what's gonna perform better. We're seeing that do really well. As for the penalization, for blog based content. We're not seeing them penalize, but we're not seeing them give a lot of love. So you could take it for what it is. It's not that H, it depends how much H you're including in it. And what I say by that is if, if AI spent five minutes creating content. Content for a page, and then the human spend another hour and a half. Yeah, we're seeing it do well. But when you're seeing it, AI spends five minutes, and a human does another five minutes, we're not seeing it do well. It needs to be and we don't see them really penalizing. What we see is they don't care if you're not doing anything unique or special or amazing, because then it's just another form of regurgitated content. 4.6 billion pieces of content are created each day, billion each day, in two days. That's more than the world's population. Platforms don't have an issue with content. They have an issue with quality, all right, so just keep that in mind, and we're seeing click throughs being affected. But no joke, we're seeing AI as being one of the highest converting channels. Have you guys heard of a company called Ahrefs? Ahrefs is a marketing tool. I have a text of this, and I'll actually break it down to find the text, all right, so someone sent me the screenshot. I'm going to read it verbatim. Does AI search traffic convert better than traditional search for Ahrefs? Yes, point 5% of visitors, half a percent of visitors drove 12.1% of signups. We're starting to see that trend. We have that data a lot for B to B, right? But I wanted to give it to you from another source that wasn't me, so it's just not me telling you you should be using this they have a lot of data as well. We're starting to see a similar trend starting to emerge for commerce. Traditional SEO is a factors that a lot of these AI platforms are using, right and zero clicks doesn't mean zero sales. Just think about that half a percent in visitors making up roughly 12% of revenue. That's crazy to think about. From AI mode to perplexity to chat GPT, they're all starting to showcase products. Why are they doing this? Because if people are buying, what does that mean for them? They can make money if people don't buy and they just use it for research. Is it harder or easier for them to make money? It's harder, so they want to push on commerce as much as possible. And when we look at how monetizable zero clicks, check out this research piece that we did. This is people searching on chatgpt, and how many of them actually made a purchase after look, a lot of the LLM users didn't research products. But out of the ones that research products, which is a good chunk, right? You're talking about roughly 35 ish percent they start researching. They start research to learn. Some of them research and ask directly, no purchase, right? But if you look at the total percentage of the people that are doing are using these AI platforms like chatgpt, roughly 86% aren't making a purchase. That leaves roughly 14% based on that to make a purchase. Oh, yeah, the data's here, 14.1% to make a purchase. Go for it. When I see this and I see the slide you did earlier of the nonlinear journey, my first thoughts like, how do you track what to do? It sounds like you should do everything, but as a lean team, where do you start? And how do you track everything? Because zero clicks does lead to conversions, but how do you actually know where to invest your resources across the entire journey as a team? Yeah, so when you're a lean team, and I'm gonna guess all of you are smaller and leaner, I don't mean this in a bad way. The first thing you look at is your competition is bigger than you, and you see what channels they're spending most their time on, because they usually have data analytics teams. I'm guessing no one in the room has a data analytics team. Raise your hand if you do well, one person, two, three, good for you guys. Or when I say data analytics, I'm not talking about one or two people, like a whole team that's just analyzing data from all the different sources and channels and trying to make, you know, make sense of the journey doing things like media mix modeling and stuff like that. Are the guys who raise your hand? Do you guys do all that stuff?

Speaker 3  38:52
We have a polymer double therapy to strike all the data.

Speaker 1  38:59
Okay, cool, so you guys are making your way and journey down that path of getting more granular with your data. Do you guys have CDPs? No CDPs. So you'll start getting into that as you guys start growing and have more money. But when you start looking at these journeys, is when you look at the competition who's bigger than you, and you guys know who's bigger than you, it's not hard to see. You can see their Amazon reviews, the star ratings. There's a lot of tools that you can use. You can see their website traffic through similar web The list goes on and on. Start looking at what channels they're doubling down on, and those are some of the channels to go on first, and then start adding in the rest over time. That's the easiest way, because bigger companies, just like you guys, spending money on data, and I'm talking about data, bigger companies tend not to spend a lot of money on marketing without actually knowing what is driving ROI. But even if you're a bigger organization, your data is not 100% you. Yeah, but it's directionally correct, right and error. Reviews and alums are boosting traffic for a lot of sites, like homepage traffic, maybe not the whole site, but we're seeing them boost homepage traffic because they're learning about corporations from this, the amount of clients we get for our ad agency envy digital on a monthly basis, of people saying, Oh, I found you from chat GPT. I can't even count on a hand anymore. It's growing at a rapid rate, and chat GPT could account for 20% of rural traffic by the end of 2025 I don't believe this is going to happen, but I do think it's going to be a good chunk of traffic. What percentage is it going to be? I don't know, but I think it'll be a good chunk of traffic. And one thing that people don't talk about is you got to build a brand. Did you know One in every three Google searches is brand related? You got to focus on building out a brand. The best way to build a big business is have a good brand. The reason I speak at events like this is because it helps grow our brand. At NP digital, more companies than know, we have ad agency because everyone's like, Oh, Neil is a marketer, but they forget the other side. And this is why I'll put logos on every slides and stuff like that. You got to grow your brand. If you're not growing your brand, you're missing out on sales. You look at any transactions you guys do in your daily life. Most of the stuff you buy is because you're familiar with a brand. It's a reality. Just really think about the transactions you've made in the last month, two months. A lot of it, you associate with brands. Maybe a brand that your parents use when you're growing up, like laundry detergent, right? But brands are important, and Google lens is another huge one. You can tap it into shopping. You can ask them cool questions. There's a lot of revenue to be had from Google lens into shopping with AI mode. It's rolled out to all US users, and unlike AI overviews, AI mode is available for all queries. How many of you guys use AI mode? One person? Did you like it? It's like, chatgpt. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:10
I love it, but

Speaker 1  42:11
you guys should check it out if you haven't. And there's new ways to like, do things like try on clothes. You can actually have live demos and see yourself in clothes and virtual try ons. You know, from inspiration to check out. You can when you show people some of these kind of things and how it could look if they were trying on clothes, you'll see it can boost their conversion rate, right? And we're also seeing it buy for me with Google Pay and eventually AI agents are going to go out there, and people are going to tell them what they want, and they're going to give them a list of stuff. No. To give them a list of stuff, like, which one do you want me to buy? And it'll just make transactions even easier. When you look at generative engine optimization, these are a lot of the signals that really impact if AI is going to mention your company, as I mentioned, getting your brand out there, that's a huge one. Relevancy. What's a prompt they typed in, how relevant is your products or services? Reviews. The more reviews you have, and the more positive they are, the more traffic you're gonna get, a recommendations age. The older you're in business, the better off you are, authority, right? All those factors help. And people are getting more granular with their searches. They're typing in longer tail search queries. And we're gonna start seeing a shift from one to two words to three words, we're going to start seeing that shift more and more to the right and from keywords to conversations. Just like my kids, more people are going to start using things like Voice Search. Look at the age groups on who's using Voice Search. It's growing at a really rapid pace. We all tend to forget it and not optimize for voice, right? Also, when you looked at question based searches on Google, more people are asking question based searches. When you compare August 2024 to April 2025, hasn't even been a year, it's more than doubled. It's kind of crazy. Go for it. I

Speaker 3  44:01
think that attributions were in a zero per political world where it's like someone just poor product with their voice. It's like a liquid in the background. Attribution works that way. You look at it coming from all the different sources, or seem to be like trackable than that. I

Speaker 1  44:16
think it won't be that trackable. I think you're going to be screwed. Then we'll have data analytics teams, like we do at our company, and then big corporations pay us, and then we help them try to figure out where it's happening. But if you look at what Google's releasing, like, even with AI mode at Search Console, they're not giving you all data. Why don't they just put in Google Analytics so you can track conversions and stuff? But if they don't, who does it make you more reliant on? Yes, which then helps them generate more exactly. If I own them, I'll do the same thing. By the way, I don't blame them for Go for

Speaker 3  44:50
it. So one of the things on your resume chatting Q displays Paul X, there's like a little disclaimer at the bottom right now that basically like says the RE. Maintain independence in our Yeah, you know nonsense. But like, what I've noticed too, like, a lot of the legacy platforms that had it would use their sort of authority and respect and authenticity, they're kind of trying to bring it back to the quote products. So I'm wondering, like, how do you see this working as, like, a paid thing, you know what? Or it's an optimization thing over time. Do you think they're going to be able to maintain their certain partiality?

Speaker 1  45:24
I think they will. Google has as well, and they have for years, what they have the organic results and then the paid results. And I think they're going to do a combination of both, and they're going to say, here's what we recommend, and check out these products sponsored. But then I think they'll start going into, oh, we are organically recommending this company as well and their sponsor, but like, they'll have disclaimers, but they'll try to do things to make you click on the sponsor stuff, because they it makes some money and it feeds their costs. Like they don't have a choice. But it's not about the platform's reputation and how people perceive or think it's we as users know there's organic listings and paid, and we know that people paid for them, so we look at it differently. I think that's just going to be the reality, and it's going to continue going forward. And the platforms aren't too concerned about like, Oh, we're recommending this and it's paid. They just look at us like, yes, but users know it's paid, and we're clearly labeling it and defining that, so then that way people can't blame them or hate on them for it.

Speaker 6  46:30
What do you think about Amazon in the next five years? And what you think are the two opportunities challenges for third party

Speaker 1  46:38
I think the biggest issue you guys are gonna have for third party sellers is people are gonna start buying on Amazon like they do searches on chat, GPT. And what I mean by that is, I'm looking for a jacket. I'm making this up. I know clothes isn't the biggest sector on Amazon, but I'm looking for a sweater. I'm going to New York, it is going to be rainy, and I don't want something too heavy, but I want it to be warm, because I'm going for seven days, and half the time it's cold, and half the time it's hot. What sweater do you recommend? I went through that problem coming here because I was like, Wait, is New York supposed to be hot? Why is it rainy? All right, I didn't, I didn't go through the journey of asking a question. My wife just packed whatever she packed. All right, but do you see how that's more useful for a user when they're searching on Amazon than typing in sweaters or blue sweaters or cashmere sweaters?

Speaker 2  47:42
Moving back to your suggestion about putting out what your competitors are doubling down or advertising, and how do you go about doing that? And figure that out.

Speaker 1  47:51
Well, there's tools like Uber, SaaS, sem rush, Ahrefs that shows you where they're all spending money on Google ads. There's a lot of social media tools like Social Blade that shows you what social platforms a competitor is doing well on, and what which one on and which ones they're not. There's tools like profound that show you all your competition and how they're doing on the AI platforms. You guys know the Amazon tools already, so I won't bore you with lists of Amazon tools, but you're following me right? There's tools that you can just plug in your competitor name and I'll tell you what they're doing and where they're

Unknown Speaker  48:22
spending. Yeah, go for,

Unknown Speaker  48:25
where do you see? AI and chatgpt,

Speaker 7  48:29
yeah, kind of taking over those the search in the coming years. And do you think you'll start sort of partnerships, or paid partnerships, where brands are paid to get get their products in the top 10 search in chatgpt or other

Speaker 1  48:47
I don't see them. I think chatgpt will just get more popular, but I think Google search is also going to get more popular because it is, and it's going to be a competitive landscape where people use multiple tools. You're gonna also see it where chatgpt will continue to have organic listings. I don't see them saying, Hey, you can pay money to be there organically. I see it as you can pay money to be sponsored, and they're having a clear definition of what is sponsored versus paid. Like Baidu. Did you know In Baidu, the Chinese search engine, you can the last I looked up. There's a lot of articles talking about how you can buy organic listings. We don't do much in China, but people have lost their trust because you can buy a lot of organic listings. People don't want that.

Speaker 8  49:36
What are the top rich rules that nobody really knows about that will help with broke marketing, advertising that isn't like the big names that everybody knows.

Unknown Speaker  49:45
Sadly, there

Speaker 1  49:46
isn't top three tools. I know you're not gonna like that answer, but the problem isn't really tools. I actually would go another way. I think we're in a world of AI where too many entrepreneurs and marketers are using tools. We started doing some. Thing that was interesting when we measure actually efficiency and output on a daily basis, and what we found is, because we have so many people globally, when you give them too many AI tools, we actually find that they spend too much time in the tools, and their output for impact, like when you look at revenue, is actually decreasing because people are just playing around with stuff and working on stuff and doing things and tinkering with things that they think are cool, but aren't really providing tons of growth and not really moving the needle.

Speaker 2  50:30
So the presentation, I didn't know if you sort of knows how to like change your listing to be compatible with the AI that Amazon's using. My question is, how do you, or maybe you don't know, or do know, how do you optimize your off Amazon brand on your website so that you can show up in chatgpt results? Is it a question of just appearing in more blogs and more mentions so that the AI is learning what's the best route to get that

Speaker 1  50:56
so it's traditional SEO, so it's like digital PR that's people linking to you. It's also mentioning your brand on the internet. We haven't seen their algorithms look at like New York Times versus Joe the Plumber mentioning you. They we think they're valued and close to similar. We don't think that's going to be the same way in the future. We think they're going to put more authority on like a New York Times mentioning you. The other thing that they look at is like, when you have your own website, schema markup can you easily identify everything on your website so they can quickly crawl it and know what's what? Then the other thing is, is, how? How much more are you getting mentioned positively around the web than your competition, not just in the past, but growth? How long have you been in business? How often are you creating new content on the social platforms, and are people engaging with you? They're using all these signals from social to traditional SEO to figure out who to mention. You also want to focus on intent and sentiment. How do people feel? What are people actually trying to do? A lot of the queries that people type in tell you a lot about a business, and if you can answer both, or answer what they're looking for within their search queries, you're going to be better off. And there's a lot of ways where you can help AI interpret your content, which we talked a little about. Headings are important bullets and lists, where I talked about, if you just summarize in frequently asked questions, we're seeing that then mention you more in things like chat, GPT, when people ask questions related to your FAQs, schema, markup, internal links, subheadings as well. But yes, keep things concise. No one wants five paragraph answers anymore. Great video content, we see it doing really well. Visuals, how to citations, AI overviews on Google, and they're doing this more and more. They're continually mentioning Google or YouTube more than anyone else, because it is owned by them. If you want to know the industries that benefit the most from Ai optimization and AI overviews, we're seeing it, health care, e commerce, B to B, tech finance. E commerce is number two, where you guys are at and you want to prepare for a new era of smart, multimodal search. People are doing things like Google lens, and we're seeing monthly commercial intent, roughly 5 billion out of the 20 billion. That's a 25% how many views Google lens? Maybe like 10% here's an example of Google lens,

Speaker 9  53:31
the rapt go X, HBB hook X, to find the right adapter. Could you tell me what device you're plugging them into? I'm

Speaker 10  53:37
gonna put them into the front of my laptop. And I believe that's 3.5 millimeter port. So yeah, whatever would work. That would be great.

Speaker 9  53:46
Okay, the raptco X HBB hook X earbuds use a two pin connector, so you'll need a two pin to 3.5 millimeters adapter to plug them into your laptop. You can find them online for around 10 pounds to 15 pounds. Would you like me to find some options for you.

Speaker 1  54:02
How crazy is that this is not future technology that is already here and live right now and you can play with that is what they're pushing, which means that is what you'll use, because you already have their apps on their phone, or you're using a Google phone or Apple, will have to adapt, right? And this is multimodal search. We all think text, but voice and image and video. Search is going to grow at a very rapid pace. Look at that. Google lens use grew 65% year over year. They'll push it more and more. So bring it all together. We look at this world as search everywhere optimization. It's optimizing for all channels, not just one, not just Amazon. That's where the money is. You gotta even think brick and mortar when people are typing in near me searches, roughly 39% visited within a day, and 11% visited in the next day. You want to try to get into brick and mortar if possible. And E commerce success is driven by omnichannel through all the. Different channels working well together. It's not just one. So it's like a boat. You need the sail, you need the motor, you need the people paddling. You need the base. That is, you know can help you float. It all works well together. So I can answer any questions now, I know we're taking some in between, and I should have had this at the beginning. So you gotta get all day any questions,

Speaker 4  55:25
go for it. I didn't see Reddit or blogs mentioned. I'm wondering if that's intentional or just

Speaker 1  55:34
it is intentional with Reddit, we do think it's a good channel, and so do blogs, but we've already seen a lot of E commerce companies focus on blogs, not as much Reddit. We believe that other channels that I talked about today are where the opportunity really lies in the future.

Unknown Speaker  55:52
And can you comment on Reddit?

Speaker 1  55:54
Yeah, so they have a lot of data feeds from Reddit. Reddit is more like community based. What do people think? And that is not about being on Reddit. It's about making sure that you have good product, so then that way people on Reddit don't crash you.

Speaker 3  56:12
Um, what do you think about using AI to create UDC or s? Do you think it can actually impact conversion rate? What do you think?

Speaker 1  56:21
I don't like the idea AI using on ads. That's fine, but when you put human in the loop, combined with AI, we tend to see better conversions with ug user generated content. We don't like aI created UGC from what we've tested, majority of the times, real UGC with influencers, converts way better.

Speaker 4  56:44
Let's say you sell something which is either high ticket or maybe recurring, something which someone doesn't impulse buy. We do LLCs, bookkeeping, taxes so someone doesn't hashtag, Tiktok, maybe buy it when you're running an ad on ad meta, what have you seen as the best farmer to get someone to capture their information from that ad, versus versus an intent based Google ad.

Speaker 1  57:04
So with the meta ad, if you're doing a video, you know what, they have form fields where you can just collect their information right then and there, right so, you know, capture right from there. Uh huh, the conversion rate's higher, but the quality isn't as good as when you send them to a landing page. So you got to run the numbers, and you run both as a split test, and then you see which one converts better. Gotcha, because remember, the landing page will cost you more money, but the quality tends to be better.

Speaker 3  57:29
Like to rank on Google previously, so like you let blog posts try to rank your keywords. What does it look like? Bow, it's the same,

Speaker 1  57:39
but you gotta make sure that you're summarizing like the key points that we're talking to. So getting included in the AI overviews, you're getting a lot of brand mentions. It's a lot of the same factors. Look, there's a direct correlation from ranking on page one of Google to also getting mentioned by chatgpt. It literally goes hand in hand.

Speaker 3  57:57
Someone recently showed me there's a lot of these. Hey, I Shopify apps. You could plug in an iterate. It'll create blog posts for you. Do you see those as effective?

Speaker 1  58:08
We've tested a lot of them. We haven't seen any effective yet,

Speaker 5  58:14
so there's nowhere to really prime. AI to mention your brand first, besides for our just, I guess, just

Speaker 6  58:20
investing traditional SEO, and it's relying on that correlation that you right

Speaker 1  58:25
bingo, or things like digital PR, which is a version of SEO as well. But yes, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai