MDS Advisory Council Monthly meeting
Date: December 04, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Right? Man did not cooperate, yeah.

Speaker  672:00
Oh, you were going to go, like, to a boat or something, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  2255:59
try to go fishing for a little bit. But they had like, 24 knot winds, which is like,

Speaker  3952:00
Oh yeah, I know I'm going on a boat tomorrow. So I know about wind too?

Speaker  5925:20
My kid was so bummed.

Speaker  6533:20
Yeah, we are live and

Speaker  10789:20
two to Okay, see how's everyone doing?

Speaker  13946:40
Is Alex in a car right now? Looking car?

Speaker  14986:40
No no for a change, I'm with Eugene. I

Speaker  17424:00
feel like I just

Speaker  17696:00
stopped driving half an hour ago. So you're fine.

Speaker  18672:00
Freak out.

Speaker  19344:00
I've been driving since 5am so it's fine, perfect.

Speaker  21072:00
Yeah, let's see we are missing. Etienne told me he'll be a bit late. Eugene is here now.

Speaker  24165:19
Well, Ian went a little bit further so we don't interfere.

Speaker  25797:20
Hey, hey, nice striped wall right there. You both,

Speaker  27082:40
yeah, you've seen the wall at prior MDS events, right there is an event right here in Miami, yeah, ecom north.

Speaker  30682:40
I mean, you guys are in this house, so that makes no sense.

Speaker  31498:40
This is ecom north. They started in Toronto. They had an event in Toronto, and they have, like, a big Canadian econ community. And then they tried an event in Singapore. Now, they just acquired this other company called cart Basel down here, and they're trying to start a community now too. I don't know. We're just here having fun, nice.

Speaker  37669:20
I have to, actually have to jump for five minutes, but I'll be back.

Speaker  38661:20
Okay, great, no problem. Just

Speaker  39093:20
me. My segue, I'm going to Tokyo and Australia with my family.

Speaker  40133:20
So amazing. I'm going just a sec. I'm going to add Tommy as a co host, so he can let anyone in if needed, and we can go through the sex. Alex, true. What's going on?

Speaker  44394:40
Well, I came to see Eugene, so that's my sec. I drove for four hours just to see him.

Speaker  46234:40
Okay, he's a special guy. Nice. Alex, yeah.

Speaker  47482:40
Hey guys, good Thanksgiving. Nice family time drama free, heading to Jamaica and a couple of weeks with the family. So good stretch of family time. It's getting cold here in Boston, so I'm excited to get some warm weather in a couple weeks. That's it

Speaker  51824:00
nice. I

Speaker  52112:00
love that you put drama free.

Speaker  53152:00
Honestly, I think as the family grows and we have more, like, you know, Sister in law, brother in law, etc, that used to not be the bar, but now it very much is the bar for family gatherings. I wish more were drama free, but when certain people don't come to, you know, family events because they're with the other side of the family, you have a better, better probability

Speaker  60074:40
of that. There's always a drama, probably team family meetings. I think

Speaker  61338:40
Anita, I'm just helping my kids prep for their annual holiday parties. I let each of them throw a party each year, so it's fun to see them put that together. How old are they?

Speaker  65152:00
Anita, eight and 10. Nice. I'm in my hometown right now, and I booked a short trip to the ocean next week, and I'm so excited to spend time in nature, both here and there.

Speaker  69232:00
Courtney, hello. I just have a ton of travel this month. So, super exciting,

Speaker  71381:20
awesome. Are you still in Hawaii?

Speaker  71957:20
No, I just got back last night. I go to Tulum next week.

Speaker  73029:20
So, oh, cool. So jealous. Eugene, are

Speaker  75205:20
you there? I'm you there

Speaker  77884:48
now we do okay, yeah,

Speaker  78268:48
I spent a lot of time cooking this week, which is nice, because I do enjoy cooking. We had slight drama, but, you know, nothing, some wine couldn't handle, and it's been nice to have a little bit of downtime now that we don't have, like, any major events. Courtney is doing most of the work. I'm just here enjoying myself.

Speaker  84560:00
That's good. And Ian, I don't think he's here, but he's now spending two thirds of his weeks in Geneva and 1/3 in Paris, and loves to be back in his old city. Is Fabio here? I don't know. I don't think he is right. I have only one. No, he's not here. Only one like screen, and I cannot see anything. Frankie, he's on a plane at the moment, heading back home from California after a nice family visits for Thanksgiving, and Fabia is about to fly to Italy, and looking forward to spending the holidays with family. Ian.

Speaker  96442:40
Ian was here, right? Oh, yeah, he's but Sorry,

Speaker  98156:48
I was ordering my coffee. No worries.

Speaker  99196:48
Just remind Yeah,

Speaker  99772:48
okay, he's heading to La Paz for Christmas. 10 years. Happy to end this year La Paz Bolivia, or some other lapas, Mexico, okay, okay.

Speaker  102885:20
Jacob, yeah, had a really nice Thanksgiving with the family, and then you're never really off. You know, ended up having a busy Black Friday, Cyber Monday, just kind of monitoring everything so, but it was still nice to have time off. Nice.

Speaker  107226:40
Lee already set his and Luis

Speaker  108666:40
just enjoying the no travel for the month that I had, and go off to Wisconsin in a week and a half for 10 days and get some snow in there, but just trying to take it easy.

Speaker  112464:00
Great. Tracy is not here, but Rebe is here. Do you want to say your sack? Rebe? Audio here, hi and hi everyone. Sure.

Speaker  115792:00
I think this week was the Christmas decorations. Wave it up. Yeah, I can feel the Christmas spirits now,

Speaker  118965:20
that's nice. Tomi,

Speaker  120661:20
Hey, how are you? I'm doing good, actually. Yeah, I have some good old friends coming this weekend, but it was funny because that good old friend is Belen. So, yeah, we're just gonna spend some good time altogether.

Speaker  124554:40
Good new friend here, so and good and some other good old friends, we're going to, yeah, barbecue tomorrow. It's going to be fun. Yeah, it's

Speaker  126682:40
gonna be exciting.

Speaker  127114:40
Um, current MDS applicants and removed members. Oh, this is so tiny, right? So we had, we have three people in pending application. Some came from Facebook. Some were referrals, and a couple of people, 12340, I erased something. Sorry. Five people, very new members, standing group entrance. They just joined. If you see them somewhere, you just say hi to them. I think one of them is second seat of job and a couple referrals that we had and our November new members are all these people. In case you met any of them, in case you know any of them, I think many are going to go to inspire some of them are going to go to the holiday parties of each chapters. So hopefully you'll see some of them somewhere. And then, do any of these names ring a bell to you? Do you want to talk about any of these people? In particular,

Speaker  149887:59
I had interviews with some of them.

Speaker  150501:20
Yeah, I saw I have plenty of interviews with different anybody stood out.

Speaker  152421:20
Not that much. No. I mean, we have Risa from who's from utopia guild. She's the VP of E commerce for them.

Speaker  155098:40
Yeah. Okay, good. Then we have some removed members. We have a couple this time. We finally ended up removing Georgie Kerr. We're going to talk about that in the rest of the meeting. And then if any of these people you think are, I don't know, worth trying to reach out again, or if any is a surprise, or if any words were somebody that you expected.

Speaker  163600:00
I I knew Patrick Shannon, surprised to see him that he left. Does anybody know why he left Anita, maybe,

Speaker  166845:20
um, Patrick Shannon, I need to look. I can circle back. You gotta look in our list,

Speaker  169277:20
you know, put it in the issue section. We could talk about that.

Speaker  170445:20
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know him. I know him. Well, I think I referred him.

Speaker  171450:40
Okay, let me check.

Speaker  172106:40
You can message him too and be like, Hey, man, yeah,

Speaker  172810:40
I was actually totally unrelated. I was supposed to do a call and just catch up with him last week, but with the holidays and Black Friday got got pushed off.

Speaker  174858:40
Why he decided to not be part of MDS anymore, because time of day I was too busy for his call. Unreliable.

Speaker  178176:00
Okay? If you find any of these people at any point when you check the document, you can tell us, and we'll circle back,

Speaker  181104:00
what else

Speaker  181968:00
next Tuesday, we have the welcome call and some updates from last, from our last meeting about the birthday gifts. We ended up talking internally about this because we understood that you were, like all really into and really grateful for the birthday boxes. So we ended up deciding to only give birthday boxes to those who are all stars and member volunteers, which is a lot of people, but also it's like a way for us to actually increase engagement. Like, I don't know if increase, but like value engagement. So I don't know if you have any opinion on this, or any other thing to say, I'm working on preparing the new birthday boxes. So next year, you'll all receive one

Speaker  199317:19
we're good on that. Are we good? Okay, I'll assume you are.

Speaker  201957:19
Then we still have to complete the go high level process. For some of you, I'm going to resend you the links and reach out to people who are missing. I know Luis completed. You completed yours, but we're missing. Like you, linking your actual calendar for us to check for availability.

Speaker  207210:40
I saw the email. I'll go ahead and fix that. I just haven't had a chance?

Speaker  208256:00
Yeah, okay, no worries, but I'm guilty. Belen, please send me a link again.

Speaker  210560:00
Who is that?

Speaker  210928:00
Alex, okay,

Speaker  211872:00
yeah, I will send you the link I know who completely didn't. So we are good. Then we ended up removing Georgie Kerr, who was the member who had issues with another APAC member was Nils Jarvis, if I'm not wrong, and he ended up reaching out to us and explaining the whole situation, and we decided to prioritize him as a current member and like valued member of our community, in this case, because it was truly incompatible for them both to be in the community. It's not like a matter of who's wrong who's right, but he is like a previous member, and it was not possible for them both to share the space here. So that was the decision there. Then we had Matt's situation.

Speaker  226800:00
I Belen, this is a question about that situation. Did they? Did they both mutually agree they couldn't be part of the same community? Or was it, or was it just the existing member that felt that way.

Speaker  230565:20
I don't know Eugene, if you know better,

Speaker  231781:20
I communicated with Neil, right? And then Ian communicated with Georgie. I mean, Ian, you can kind of share how that combo went with Georgie.

Speaker  235061:20
Well, basically, we just said, Hey, you know, there's a conflict, and we have an existing member, and so we kind of need to follow somebody that's been, you know, an asset and value member. And she kind of just was like, I know who it is, and I understand. Thank you so much. She was really, actually polite about it.

Speaker  240026:40
So it's good, good to hear it was,

Speaker  241056:00
it's frustrating to lose a member over somebody's, you know, personal quarrels, but, you know, paying member. But, you know, we, I think we always look to take care of our existing members. Then, you know, think about, how do we make more money? You know?

Speaker  245200:00
Sure, yeah. Ultimately, that's like the reason we decided.

Speaker  246469:20
We told Neil that he's got to find us some good APAC members to make up for it.

Speaker  247701:20
So, yeah, we requested some referrals for him.

Speaker  249349:20
The next thing is, the I'm an issue. Last week, we discussed about this, like new, amazing strategies that he always shares, and some how they never work, or that's like the impression that some people had about it. And I just saw that people are still figuring out the the ranking thing, and the decision was that we are going to try to not have him in future calls, ideally, unless it's like something special, or just think very carefully about what we'll have him for, because it's wasting people's times and resources and things that we don't know if he's not sharing the whole story, or if they just are not things that actually work for everyone, but we've been saying that it's taken a lot of time for members to try to make this work.

Speaker  264021:20
Yeah, I told him to stop several times during the call, and he didn't stop. And I was writing to him in private, dude, just stop. He was like, No, it's fine. Good luck.

Speaker  267077:20
Stop. What do sharing,

Speaker  268154:40
in my opinion, something that was then they said that in the in the council, two months ago, he shared something that is, in my opinion, completely black hat, and he should have stopped it. In my opinion,

Speaker  272474:40
you missed kind of a thing. But it wasn't about the fact that it was blackout. It was more so about the fact that it just doesn't work, right? Nobody so

Speaker  275264:00
never carrying the full information. That's why, because

Speaker  275872:00
he's never Yeah, and that's because he he had, we have found the trend where he goes, takes, takes an audience, shares 80% of it in a very cryptic way, doesn't give anybody the full picture, and then a bunch of people end up trying to follow suit, wasting time and resources. And ultimately, it doesn't leave it anywhere. And I think it's not fair that he does this. I know, yeah,

Speaker  282837:19
I can speak with camera if you want.

Speaker  283706:39
I mean, you could, yeah, you could have a, like, a respectful conversation, hey. But, I mean, we just made a decision that we're not going to give a

Speaker  287418:40
Yeah. I'm guessing we're not going to platform to speak a platform to speak. Yeah, um, great. If you, Alex, can share that. That's amazing.

Speaker  290368:00
I mean, don't tell him that. Don't tell him that we're not

Speaker  291040:00
giving the platform. Oh, I'm telling him everything, everything. I'm taking screenshots right now.

Speaker  292848:00
But do you have an opinion on that decision? Because it was made while you were not Oh, no.

Speaker  294181:20
Okay. Does anybody have any feedback on this situation anyways? Like, about the reasoning, or, like, why this keeps happening? Or do you see a pattern that we're not seeing?

Speaker  298965:20
Why do you think he does this? Alex?

Speaker  299466:40
I don't know him well enough to know Alex is better. I think sometimes he thinks in a different level than most people, and I think he's probably not filling the gaps that his brain is thinking. But maybe he's doing intentionally, but I don't know him personally all that well like Alex do, so I

Speaker  303850:40
don't think he's doing it intentionally. I think he just doesn't realize the level of most people. Because I know he's smart. Everybody knows He's smart. He's just he doesn't think in the same way that we think.

Speaker  308528:00
But, but not a single person could replicate it in the lighting. The last one was like a ppb strategy, or like hijacking search results or something like that. Do you remember the other one?

Speaker  312757:20
Do you think Alex? Do you think that his like that strategy that he mentioned? Do you think that's a real strategy, or you think it's something that used to work six months ago?

Speaker  314970:40
I think it's a real strategy, but I'm pretty sure we are missing some pieces because I tried it as well. It's not it didn't work for me either. So more information, what we

Speaker  318026:40
kind of thought and speaking with you, I think the traffic that you're buying is bot traffic, which Amazon reads through very easily, right?

Speaker  320608:00
Those were basically the old signals that we were using 10 years ago and five years ago. Yeah, and those were working, but not with a new algorithm. Yeah, I'm guessing there is some truth to it, 100% if you mix it properly, but I don't know what kind of a volume you need to do in order to get those results. I have no idea, but I understand the logic behind it. Do you

Speaker  327861:20
think that for the future, that we should continue to give him a platform because it's helpful for members to see what he's saying? Or is this like, literally, there's just like wasting people's time, which? What do you which

Speaker  330389:19
everybody is looking like him as a guru, as an expert, so I think we should still maybe give him a platform, but we need to speak with him before that. So if you're going to share something, make sure you're sharing something that people can actually use. Yeah, with the exact steps

Speaker  335370:40
the hard part, the hard part, will be like, let's say he posts something that's working for him as a case study, right? Everybody's gonna be like, mobile call, mobile call, right? And then, like, you can't not put him on a mobile call, you know? So it's kind of one of those things where it's like, it could come up again. We just need to figure out, like, if he can share more details, or, like, remind him, like, last time people, like, struggled with this strategy. So maybe it could be a little bit more direct, or, like, maybe have a better SOP laid out, versus, you know, some screenshots.

Speaker  342869:20
And I think that said too, because it was sort of last minute that call, like, it was kind of like, I think, what's his name, asked Alex to do it, and then, and then Matt decided to, like, you know, what's kind of, it was like, last minute. So he didn't have, it was kind of like he was just speaking right? He was he didn't have anything prepared. And, like I said, I can relate, in a sense, like English being my second language. And I cut things off the language. So in my brain, I thought through the process, but I cut things out because, like, I don't like, I'm not communicating what my brain is like. So Matt is thinks in a different level, like, he's like, he's kind of a geek with numbers all that stuff.

Speaker  353168:00
What happened, actually, was I was in SEO call. He joined the SEO call, and he started sharing some stuff. And I think from that SEO call, Jamie said, Hey, let's do a mobile call if you can. And I said, Fine, I agree to it, I told Matt, and Matt said, Sure, how I'm in. I was like, okay, but Matt jumped like, I told him, like, half an hour before the mobile call, yeah, so I'm not taking his side in any shape or form. I know what he did. He didn't do it properly, because I know it's not working for anyone. So it's you guys

Speaker  362549:20
think it just wasn't intentional. You guys think just the way he thinks is there. Thinks is different, that's it. Yeah, I think,

Speaker  364362:40
I don't think he's he has a bad intention, yeah.

Speaker  365338:40
I think before taking him out, just maybe before he does a call, just like, hey, and

Speaker  367066:40
try to respectfully,

Speaker  367674:40
yeah, outline everything because, like, it says, Hey, you're thinking a different level. Some of those people need this thing, like in bullet points. And every step that I can try to replicate it, you know? And maybe that would be better. And then, if he happens again, then, then don't give up, I guess

Speaker  371375:59
we'll keep in mind again. This happened very quickly, like you're saying. We'll keep it in mind for next time, and we'll go that way. But we won't, like, actively ask him, but if he volunteers to speak on something, we'll just make sure to have that conversation with him in advance.

Speaker  374821:20
No, no, I'm going to have that conversation for sure with him. I can't say we are best friends or anything, but we

Speaker  376837:20
can have a small version of the conversation. And just if he ever comes up saying that he wants to speak again, then I'll just remind him that, right? Like, yeah, so won't be something like, we're just, you know, just a gentle reminder, yeah, I have to head back soon. So, like, if we can try to move there was one issue I just wanted to get to on this, on this innovate. I mean, I I decided, like, we're gonna go through with an event that'll bother you, one of these, like Tiktok creator matchmaking things, if those are still working out, or just a bigger Tiktok mastermind, if Tiktok continues to trend in a way that it does, so I don't think it's gonna, you know, really encroach on anything that innovate is doing. So I think that's a non issue. And what I really wanted to hear from you guys is, like, from your perspective, you know, we're working on our 2026, plan of what to do with, like, the community, and we'd love to hear your ideas and like, what you guys would love to see for our annual planning meeting and discussions

Speaker  396730:40
is that, is that the as Eugene, is that the topic,

Speaker  397626:40
that's the topic, if you want. I can share kind of some ideas we have so far, but I really wanted to just kind of hear unprovoked, what things you think would be cool for us to focus on.

Speaker  400528:00
For me, at least it'd be helpful to understand, like, the types of things that you're thinking about or talking about. Like you don't have to go through your whole list, but just like frame us from a contextual standpoint, like, what types of things are on the table, off the table?

Speaker  404304:00
Yeah, I can ask them about because we know we had a discussion a few months ago about the members who are not doing great in their businesses, and we said we are going to do some sort of coaching, type of calls and so on. I know it was posted, but I don't know if we have a follow up on that. Any other members who are struggling,

Speaker  412490:40
any other asks and I can get into those forms? No. All right, so first, I guess, to start off with the members that are struggling. That post led to three people reaching out to me, and then those three people were given like a task, which is, hey, put your put your issue on paper that we can work to get you a panel together. Right to this point of those three, only one person has, I mean, following up, following up, only one person has done this, so he's going to be next week, next Tuesday, we have a call set, and I'm looking for a couple other panelists, and it's a tick, a tick tock playbook that was laid out, and it just won't work, and he doesn't know why. Um, so that's going to be led by Alex vanilla and another panel. So we that is kicking off. The biggest thing, though, I found there was, like, people, I mean, they're not as inclined to, like, do this kind of stuff in public, for sure, and I again, like, they're not like their their minds are almost made up, and I don't know it's it's hard to change. It's hard to really help somebody who's struggling when it's they don't, they almost don't want to be helped. Is what I found a lot of people. You need to really push them. Like one of the guys, like, he's, like, a chapter lead, and like his other fellow chapter we like, followed up and like, he's perfect this. I'm like, Yeah, he did reach out, but he never, like, put his issue on everything. They're like, why didn't he do this? You know, they're like, but it's like, it's what I found, like, this is just keeps on happening. So I don't know if this virtual Hot Seat program is something that will take what we do have on the list for which was an idea we've had this before, which is like mentorship, peer to peer mentorship program. We've tried it before, it didn't really work, and we want to maybe try it again, especially now, like, there's that GNO partners that was posted, and there's a couple of members paying them consulting, right? So just like you pay for access to a network consultants, you know, we have some of the best

Speaker  444906:40
consultants of members who are paying them, by the way, which is mind boggling for me. Yeah, there's

Speaker  446266:40
lots of members that pay them. There's also daily mentor on the DTC side. And I feel like we could come up with a system where it's like, members can say, hey, I'm down to do this. I'll be give 30 minutes or two like this will be, we'll figure out, and we'll like worship that you get a couple credits to spend on this. So like that is one of the things. And that'll be like a one on one mentorship with specific people that are, like specific member subject matter experts. And, like, I was surprised too, how many people pay that GNO partners thing. And just so you guys know, the guy that founded that, he's a member. He's a member that was, you know, decently active before he exited his business, really well during the high and now he started this model, and, like, literally, they're going after the play of, like, what daily mentor is, it seems like, where it's like, you're paying to, like, group consulting kind of thing. So that's one of the things

Speaker  462378:40
through their website, by the way. And most of those guys are not founders, their consultants

Speaker  464058:40
are consultants. Yeah, they're failed.

Speaker  464752:00
Usually they're failed employees, because I know it's your company.

Speaker  465744:00
Yeah, exactly. So like, I mean, we're gonna try to do it a little bit differently, which I think would be nice. That's one of the ideas. And I guess we can get a poll of thumbs ups or thumbs down. How many thumbs up do you like on that? How many people like that idea? Don't like that idea? Idea number one, we can circulate also. We can also circulate these ideas and like, have you guys give feedback on each one afterwards? Maybe that will be more helpful format.

Speaker  474405:20
I think it would. Why don't we get them on paper? And why don't we all take a stab at prioritizing and ranking them so we can, at least, you know,

Speaker  476682:40
on paper? Yeah, I have them on paper. And what we can do is we can put what I really want to hear some I run through these, I'd really love to hear some more of everybody's ideas. And we can put together a little form where you guys can rank them and give some feedback on them in a structured way. Next thing is obviously Tiktok, like we've seen, like, Tiktok is something that is helping a lot of people grow their businesses. So we want to double down on making sure that it's like we're in the right place to help members on Tiktok. So we did this, like creator event here in Miami. And, like, the main thing is, these creator events are super expensive, so and they're difficult to actually get results on, but is super valuable to do them. So we're trying to, you know, do six of them next year in different cities to make sure people can attend them in, like, a lot more economic friendly way, like some of these events, you need to pay like, 1015, $20,000 do them. And we're trying to, like the people that did this Miami once, and he will pay that 300 bucks. You know, it was very so these greater matchmaking events, improving our relationship with tiktokner. So like, you know, understanding, helping them like, hit their like, helping Tiktok employees hit their metrics so they want to help members more. We launched that, like whole thing where people can sign up to, you know, be under our agency more or less, but it's like, essentially, we're the agency for Tiktok. That that's like a the do it yourself agency, right? You can sign up to the do it yourself agency. It doesn't cost you anything, but you get the benefits of being associated with an agency, because Tiktok really tries to give agencies resources to help its brands. We're also going to throw like, different Tiktok masterminds alongside these events, like the one in Miami. We're planning on having three groups, zero to 10,000 to 10,000 to 50,050 1000 off a month group. Then we were thinking of, like, you know, we've been having struggles with, like, a lot of these events, like, do we have people that keep going to these events but never want to become a member? So, like, our ecompleure and all that stuff. So we're thinking of maybe putting some limitations on that to, like, help get more members, you know, young people serious, like taking MDS seriously, other than just trying to, you know, live off those resources, because I see we're spending money wrong way. It doesn't help the existing members as much we talked we talked about potentially. I mean, many who have came to me and said, Hey, would it be cool if MDs, like, invested in brands and like, this has been like, this has been like, a big no no for us historically, because we don't want to have that kind of, we don't want to be financially invested in members brands, like specific ones, because I think it just creates a conflict. But I did have an idea of maybe having some kind of brand incubator program that's like, member to member, because, like, we had, like, the mergers acquisition channel, there's people that are trying to buy, trying to put money into brands, and it's almost like, you take a poker player, right? You can to this incubator group, they can do some stuff, and then on the other side, there's some members that can say, hey, I'll put in a little bit here or there, you know? So I was thinking maybe if we did a member to member thing that could be something we have some stuff on, like, where we need to focus on hiring. I won't get into that. And then we were also thinking about, like, taking our events and like isolating, like our summit, our inspire, and making it more of like a subscription kind of thing, instead of, like, having to buy one off event. So it's, like, really simple, Hey, you want the MDS events included. And I was like, choose your inscription, choose your subscription attached to that, separate from your membership. So it's like, you know, becomes less of an every single time. Hey, I gotta pay for this. Hey, I gotta pay for that. Just like, here I paid it. I can go to everything. I can when I'm there. I can go to everything. And it's like, I don't have to think about it, kind of thing. So those are a couple of the ideas that we had. But would love to hear everybody's thoughts in addition to that. And by the way, this is all on paper, ready? The lens? Great.

Speaker  540346:40
I had a couple of thoughts. And one was one was based on the fact that you guys had reached out about the Tiktok agency, DIY agency, MDS agency thing. And I think Rebe or Eugene you guys shared like the slide or the screenshot of like the benefits. I don't know that any of those benefits were, like, actually tangible. Like, I feel like, as a Tiktok shop seller, you get all the silly leaderboard and, you know, reach this and get that, and all the sort of gamification of their platform in terms of spend this and get that, and, you know, reach this and get that. You know, is, is, is there also a back end mechanism, like, is MDS getting a kickback of percentage spend from the brands that are under this quote, unquote agency umbrella that you guys are creating?

Speaker  553493:20
No, but there are vehicles, like ads type partners that like, do that, like the cashback ad guys, but like, MDS is not a ads person. Like, right now. View it as like in Tiktok guys. We're a level zero, like, We are the bottom of the barrel. We have no attribution of successful brands. So they need us. They gave us the basic like, this is what we'll give you, for people that are in there, right? And there are, like, I would say the biggest thing is you get priority with account managers. So like, if you have an issue that you can't fix, which we had multiple people that attended our event, and we were able to resolve their issues, right? If you can't set up your account, you can't like that, that's like, number one issue, number one thing. But then they also have additional incentives that they'll give from time to time, but it's based on your status and stature as an agency, the more people that we have connected. Okay, you guys, everybody here benefits. So that's kind of how it thinks. And there is no monetary like benefit, like, hey, of your spend, or anything on the ad stuff. I don't even know how to do it, but I know that there are some companies that have those relationships, but they're kind of sketchy, where you have to open up new ad accounts constantly. When we threw this Tiktok creator event, they did subsidize it, but it wasn't, you know, the their subsidy was far lower than the cost of the event, but that subsidy was based on us getting certain metrics. So it's like the Tiktok model is a hit your metrics, and then you get our resources, right? So it's like they look at MDs, like, yeah, we heard you guys. We heard about you guys. You got that sounds great. That's amazing, but you don't have any people connected, right? So it's like you're not, it's you're not real to us until that happens. So the reason of all that is like they need it needs to be real in their eyes and measurable. They measure everything that answer them appropriately. I

Speaker  588314:40
I guess, yes, essentially, the more people that I'm getting assembled

Speaker  589770:40
spot for a second. So you guys might lose me, let me, let me pop back in.

Speaker  592042:40
Essentially, there may be benefits if we can assemble more people under our agency to get push Tiktok to give us more benefits, essentially for our members, but you don't any poll, unless you have proof,

Speaker  596928:00
yeah, okay, I Got you. I mean, I, for example, have a Category Manager. So I think there's two types of managers. There's, like, account or agency managers, and there's category managers. So we already have, like, a point of escalation for issues. That's why I was trying to understand the benefit, I guess. I guess if it's no skin off of a member's back to join the MDS, you know, Consortium, or whatever you want to call it, I guess it's, it's, it's fine, but I would hope that at some point, if there are actual benefits coming back to MDs, and those are shared back with members in some some fashion, if they're monetary or otherwise, well, think

Speaker  606634:40
about it like this. Normally, to be part of an agency, you'd have to pay an agency to be part of an agency already, to be tied towards an agency that has a level of like seniority and big talks eyes for free is a benefit,

Speaker  611984:00
I suppose so. But if you're hiring an agency and you're under their umbrella, they're they're, in turn, providing you with some kind of value added services. So, yeah, you'd be paying them. But you know, assuming that you'd be getting something of value from back from that organization, right?

Speaker  617413:20
I mean, yeah, you're free to do that component too, but there is essentially Tiktok does give those incentives to agencies? So we don't, we are giving back everything that we have. So, like, if MDS was going to be able to get benefits, we'd be able to give them best. Like I said, that's the main concern. Like, our goal is to not to monetize this and become, like, to be this. You know, Hey, join us so we can make 3% of your spend, you know, if, if we will find a way to do that, then we'll make sure that the member is getting the better side of the deal.

Speaker  626480:00
Got it, yeah, my other comment was on the mother comment was on your idea of, like, you know, member to member funding and type of, you know, financial, monetary exchange. My personal opinion is, I think we should stay away from that. I think MDS should be not in the brokerage business. So when I say brokerage, I mean like connecting a member who wants funding with a member who has funds, so to speak. I just think it if, if there are bad experiences, which inevitably there would be, you know, somebody lost a bunch of money, somebody took money and didn't, you know, allocated as planned. I just feel like that that puts MDS in a bad spot of having been somewhat privy, or, you know, partial to that, to that connection. So that's my own POV. I think, for the same reasons that MDS doesn't, you know, invest in brands or acquisitions or fund brands. I think, you know, being in the brokerage business, quote, unquote, you know, even if it's just like intros or a forum, I think could be potentially damaging to the group.

Speaker  646048:00
Okay, anything else on any of these topics? Hopefully we get to hear some of you we are really interested in, in your insights.

Speaker  648725:20
Have a comment, but it's a it's a new topic. It's not ready to watch on the screen, so I don't know if we want to wait.

Speaker  650533:20
We can add it. Yeah.

Speaker  651050:39
So one idea that I had was like doing master classes, meaning, like, deeper dives into a specific topic. We have the mobile calls, but I'm thinking deeper. So imagine someone who is an expert of, I don't know, Amazon experiments, they could guide, they could guide the group, like, through an end to end process for Amazon experiments. Or, I don't know how to optimize your listing for Rufus, or out you run out to run deals effectively. Like, to me that the Alman example, although, like it was a bad outcome, proved something that if there's an interesting topic, people will engage a lot. If you look, if you look at the engagement of my album video is like 10x the normal engagement of mobile calls, and also people engaged in the Facebook group. Now forget that it didn't work, but imagine it was a successful strategy that would have been something that people really liked.

Speaker  665477:20
So the channels, the channels are for

Speaker  666645:19
that, right? The channels are a good way of doing this.

Speaker  667402:39
I think they are not promoted properly. I think people just forgot. And the new members, for sure, they don't know about them.

Speaker  669434:39
Also the channels you need to be in the session. Like, I'm thinking like, you know, channels, usually they have an open agenda, and you discuss several topics, and thinking about a master class when you have, like, one specific topic, and you have one or two experts in that topic, like discussing around that strategy, I could give you an example, a practical example, like Amazon experiments, because I'm passionate about it, like, you know, I think people don't understand. It would be nice to have like, a one hour and a half master class on it, or SEO for Rufus, I don't understand it. I'd like to have you, Alex, like, you know, going in in depth and record like a masterclass that people can reference.

Speaker  681029:19
But now we can do it now.

Speaker  681749:20
Yeah, totally Yeah, in two minutes. No, but yeah, jokes apart. I mean, I'm trying to figure out what worked with the matt Alman example that generates so generated so much engagement. Is that because he sold a dream, or is it because, because people are really eager to learn about tactical stuff to improve their business? I don't know.

Speaker  687722:40
I think, I think it's that. I think it's everybody, every there is not much sharing of hacks these days. And so when there is something that is thrown that's going to say, Hey, you're going to get an advantage if you do this, whether it's ranking or whatever, if there was one that mo threw up that was like, I can, I can save you $10,000 a month on your shipping fees. I guarantee you, you'd have a big turnout just there's no on Amazon these days. There's not many edges. And if there are not many people are revealing that, because that's their edge, and they know that it's going to go out to 700 people, that it's going to get, potentially, hopefully not leaked, but, but if you are able to say, hey, I have this hack, and you can all do it, but it doesn't actually work, then, yeah, you're going to get a lot

Speaker  701882:40
of people. The problem with that is because I'm not going to say most people are brands are going under, but some of them are so desperate, and they are just clinging on every single hack, thinking that that's going to save their business. That's why I have a problem with only sharing only hacks. It's not going to save their businesses the way they operate, overall,

Speaker  710101:20
agreed, but so to Fabio, to kind of like, turn it My, my, you know, priority of idea. Everybody is talking about Nan and AI and workflows, if you, if you turn around and you had a MDS you guys built or like you hired, or whatever. Hey, here's a workflow that looks at your account health and updates you on XYZ, and you share that with the group, and you started to build out these workflows that replace vas. I mean, you're literally saving everybody X amount of money a year that, if you built that out, and everybody can give their own two cents on these, because it's all similar ish processes, right? You do that, I guarantee you people will join those calls.

Speaker  725904:00
No. I so

Speaker  727362:08
you need a hook for the calls. Basically, the

Speaker  728434:08
call is, but we built out a workflow that looks at, you know, replenishment or or even, you know, inventory reconciliation guarantee, there's a workflow that you can kind of build around that. But if you built that out and you said, join this call, if you do join this call, you get access to this workflow. Listen. Everybody can share the workflow once it's given, but then you have them signed a crazy NDA, and if it is released, something along those lines, I guarantee you'd have a lot of people join. I would fucking join, and I don't join any local calls. No offense to anybody,

Speaker  737280:00
yeah, well, I I understand what you're saying. I think a lot of it has to do with who's giving the calls as well. Like I think that Matt Allman has a reputation for growing brands and having super level hacks. You know, if Alex is speaking in SEO, or if Mo, like, so like, I think it depends who's given the call. It has a lot to do with the hype of how you're going to get people to those calls. Like, like, you, I would definitely go for the SOP, because that's me operations, you know, and inventory and forecast and flow and all that stuff. But most operators aren't very strong on that side. They're looking to see, how can I get more sales in my listing, and what's the next quickest have to versus just, I'm very, you know, bread and butter sort of guy, you know, meat and potatoes, like, I'm like, I'm just gonna do the same thing over and over the key and this, you know, steady win, but I think you had a lot to do with the person on the call.

Speaker  755296:00
Sure. I mean, then get, get a, get a celebrity to discuss AI workflows, guys, I think, really think, put it this way, if you have a VA that you're paying $1,000 a month to, that you're able to eliminate because of a few AI workflows that that MDS built out, and then you have 100 people join those calls that It's an insane amount of money. Everybody they're saving who wouldn't join that call to get that workflow. I mean, I would, maybe would turn around, like, I'm not going to join, because I know that, you know, Fabio is going to join, and I'll just get it from him. Okay, I don't know that's that's only the concern.

Speaker  767930:40
I think it's a great idea. The only, the only complication on my mind is, like, what tools people are using, you know, like, I'm working on building up, building out a huge clickup dashboard, like, for all of our operations. I mean, this point, I'd love to hear from members who are, like, clickup power users, right? Who have built these things and can share templates, or at least can, you know, spend a bit of time. So I think one part of that is like, are they, are they tool sets being used? If they're just Google Sheets and Google Docs, and that's easy, right? But are there tools that people are already subscribed to or using? But I think it's a good idea. I would definitely join that as well.

Speaker  778405:20
Yeah, I would love your templates as well, yeah,

Speaker  779194:40
yeah, working on them. Yeah. I think it's good idea, because we're all dealing. I mean, if we're all e commerce sellers, and our least common denominator is Amazon, even if we have additional channels, like the core Amazon, operations are not that different whether you sell X or Y, right? Like it's not right. You have you have suppliers, you have inventory, you have forecasting. You need to reorder, you need to move goods. You know, you know, all that stuff is, doesn't matter whether you're selling steering wheel covers or, you know, toilet deodorizer spray or what have you

Speaker  788576:00
I had a different thought as like a net, net new ad here. I think I see a lot in the group, and I talked to a lot of people who are always like, I mean, looking to hire or find VAs for certain tasks. And I know there's a, you know, a litany of third party VA recruitment firms in the US and Philippines and, you know, Eastern Europe and all over the place. Like, the same way that that MDS has that creative Unlimited, or that creative, like, shared, I know, I think Anita was here, is here, like, the same way that we have that benefit for members. Could we, like, hire a, you know, a va recruiting for firm, you know, on retainer that MDS pays for as a benefit to members. So like members can use, can recruit, let's say, one person a month, or three people a year through that service, and the fees are all paid for, and you basically scope out the role, and they have, you know, candidates in their pipeline, and they can do some of the, you know, the the pre work to find qualified candidates. I mean, to me, that would be a huge value. I think we're always looking at people for, you know, a certain core set of roles. And I think if we could find an awesome recruiting firm that would be a member benefit to use that recruiting firm could be an awesome thing.

Speaker  809973:20
We used to have that we had the HR extra, and it was in house, so it's different. It was not an agency that we partnered with, but it was a lot of work, and most people didn't use it. Not a lot of people took advantage of it. So we might want to think about it differently, but I don't know if it's a priority, just because we already tried that and it wasn't.

Speaker  817552:00
We've tried a few things, like we partnered with, you know, people, where they gave us even a better discount, and we had members go through them, and then There ended up being, like this case, where there's this employee that, I think Lee knows about this one that just went around and was hired by multiple MDs, hilarious. And then we did the in house one. So, yeah, it just, it didn't really work out. But it didn't, it doesn't mean we can't look at it again and just, you know, brainstorm some ideas for sure.

Speaker  827434:40
I actually tried that service before. Sorry. This is Tracy Emily, the internal HR service that MDS still have. So my feel is I only interview one candidate. She was actually pretty good, honest and smart. But the problem was that she had very she had no experience with Amazon, so that was the concern that I had. That's why I didn't hire her. But her quality, her personal quality, was gone. So, I mean, we, I mean, I agree with Alex, maybe we tried this internal like, try this kind of thing, maybe just patch it up, or whatever, improve on it. I still feel like there's value to it, yeah, personally.

Speaker  839477:20
So maybe we can just bring it as a topic, again, to our

Speaker  840917:20
we, the thing was, we tried to add it as a we'll call it extra so, like, yeah, you know, for us, like, as a business, right? Like, we also launched new products, which is like, squads and, you know, these extras and graphic design extra and all that stuff. And it was like, Hey, join this thing. But if you're not on a full membership, like, we still have people that don't pay very much money to MDs, and our expenses per member far outweigh what they're even contributing. So like, hey, you know, if you know, if you want this service, it's going to be, you know, I think it was like $1,200 a year, you know, subscription just for this one thing. Like, just, just have unlimited hiring. And we were, we were sourcing candidates for every role, and, like, pre vetting them. And like, yeah, maybe Tracy, you interview one person. But it was weird. We just didn't get the adoption that we expected of people going, like, wow, there's just, like, unlimited candidates to kind of pick and choose and hire from, and not have to pay those service fees. It was like, kind of interesting that people didn't want to pay to, like, join that and, you know, then you only have the people that are on, like, the higher level subscriptions, like, you know, taking advantage of a few things, and some people became heavy users of, like, graphic design and hired a few people, and then, and then a lot didn't. So we kind of was like, Okay, maybe this is just not our core competency, right? Where it's a nice thing to have is, like, you know, a benefit thing about your Centurion club, right? We were trying to, like, add these, like, Centurion club membership for AmEx, right? You get concierge service, maybe even, like, someone that helps them book travel for, you know, points systems for other members, things like that, right? But it just we couldn't get adoption on those things, and there was a huge cost to it internally. So that's, that's the hard part. It's like our members always go, I didn't know you had that, but we emailed them. We post about it. People, you know, say things. So it's a challenge all that to be said. I don't know what the solution is.

Speaker  870597:20
I can't, I can't speak to the to the past programs. I haven't explored them or use them. But from, like, a business state, like an MDS business standpoint, for you know, Ian and your crew, like, maybe if you tied up with the recruiting firm as a member benefit, right? It have fee for members who are, like, paying full boat, quote, unquote, right? Like, not for the people who are, are free to offend to them, but, but if you did it on like, a pay per recruit basis, as opposed to, like, a retainer fee, then if there is, isn't much traction, you guys wouldn't be spending much money against that benefit, as opposed to, like, Hey, we're paying this firm 10 grand a month, and we've got one member a month using it, right? So maybe if you can tweak the model and pay on a per recruit basis until you saw enough traction to go on a quote, unquote retainer basis. I mean, maybe that would fix the model from your side. But I hear it like you were spending a bunch of money and not.

Speaker  884592:00
It wasn't, not even a bunch of money. We didn't get a lot of adoption, I think Belen, I mean, we did hire some people through it, right?

Speaker  886821:20
Yeah, same. But I think it's, it was very few people, and it was very heavy on resources on our end, like vetting candidates and everything. So, yeah, most people didn't even look at it.

Speaker  890805:20
We also did make it a little bit complicated to get access. In a sense, you had to, like, log into a different page and use a different tool, you know, trying to prevent people from, you know, just snagging all the list and, like, you know, going through it, that type of stuff. So there definitely was some challenges with it. But, you know, I guess our thing is, like, Should we be providing these value added service to our members, or should we be focusing on ways like, you know, really attack the Tiktok and DTC founders and say, hey, you know, this is the place you need to be. And, you know, join the mindshare. And how do we attract those other people, versus trying to increase revenue per per member? Yeah,

Speaker  902309:20
so personally, the value of MDS for me has been on the other members in a networking and I think that most members would say the same, like even Prue just commented on her thing how MDS is a big part of our life, but it's because the connections that we have made over the years, you know, with the people. So I think expanding, focusing, expanding the group to more DTC, because I think a lot of people are going to multi platform sort of mentality versus just being Amazon focus. So yeah, Tiktok, DTC, anything to expand. I mean, there's so much opportunity out there for those other platforms. And we are, we are very heavily Amazon. But, I mean, we deal with people, Alex and I, you know, they're doing millions and millions outside of Amazon, you know, target.com you know, target plus, or whatever, right? Wayfair, you know, there's, there's a million different things. I think we're going to find a bunch of people that bring other value, and the relationship, I think is a lot more important. So creating opportunities, and you guys do a great job already, there is freaking, 100 events a year, right? Like, you know, but I think that, I think the value is on the events and networking, you know, like, I look forward every year to go to Vegas so I can see the people that I don't get to see very often, right? I'd see it in Vegas, right? And so I spend more time networking with the people that I well for Eugene's frustration than sitting down on the masterminds of the meetings, right? That's what I get, the value, you know? Well, I mean, that's just my personal experience. I agree

Speaker  930896:00
the coffee chat program, because I think Luis to your point, like there was a coffee chat program, I think it ran a few rounds and like, you know, you'd be matched up with a random, a random MDS member, and have 30 minutes to just like chat, and maybe there was a follow on

Speaker  935381:20
opportunity, or something you could learn. We are still doing it at Inspire, right?

Speaker  936741:20
Yeah, guys, you guys, did it inspire. It wasn't a random member. I think you, you chose the member Do you wanted to speak with like so Alex did approve.

Speaker  939562:40
I'm gonna say the worst. Say the one complaint on the coffee chat is, like, anybody that dedicated their time didn't understand, well, Eugene just left, so it's okay, but yeah, like, they didn't get any type of benefit, or even, like, a discount on a ticket. And I think that was a lot like people were surprised and then frustrated on that. So just throwing that out, if you're doing it again,

Speaker  946336:00
yeah, I think there's, there's two different things. There was the coffee chats in Vegas, which I did. I actually really enjoyed it. Sure I would have liked some free stuff, but I actually really enjoyed the experience of helping you know newer members or other members. But then there was also the virtual coffee chats, where

Speaker  951925:20
I'm talking about, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  952325:20
There was virtual coffee chats. Those were actually, I really, really wanted to go to them, but I it does never work with my schedule. But if they

Speaker  954922:40
time career,

Speaker  955226:40
yeah, the times were weird. If they kept going, though, I'm sure I would have made a few of them.

Speaker  957210:40
Okay, I'll try them out again. That sounds

Speaker  958074:40
you want. Oh yeah, to also say on the like, to say in person, in person events would be great, because I just went to the New York chapter event last night. And I gotta say, like every time I go, I just gravitate towards the older members, because I know them. It would be great to be paired up, even for like, you know, a segmented 30 minutes and you just like, do like the round table, but you go and you get paired up with new members or newer so that I can go meet somebody new.

Speaker  968165:20
I have no idea there's a coffee chat program virtually. Sorry, guys,

Speaker  969733:20
because there's not going now you're,

Speaker  970549:20
oh, it's not okay, okay, okay, okay. So it's not, it was before, right? Yeah, okay, okay, okay, got it because, yeah, but,

Speaker  973658:40
yeah, we ended up having the same people over and over. So it wasn't any more like the purpose of it, which was meeting new people who you don't know. We couldn't do it anymore because it's it was like it ended. I cannot pair you with anybody else that I haven't paired you before. So we might need to promote it more, and I'll add it to our meetings to see if we want to try them out again.

Speaker  980608:00
That's a great idea

Speaker  981040:00
in the mix and match. I don't remember the name at the beginning of each big event, when we have the cards and we switch tables five times, then the new members have a special card with a different color, and we make sure that at each table there's one new member and that they rotate and maybe they have, like, two minutes more to introduce themselves something like this.

Speaker  986885:20
Yeah, we can try this out for Inspire. We were doing the same thing for partners too, because partners, there was too many partners at a table, so we started doing different colors for partners, so we can try that out for new members. See that works.

Speaker  993328:00
I have one comment on events, you know, like inspire, and in others, I feel like there maybe aren't as many MDS only portions of the events as there maybe once were. And I think I don't know if it was Eugene or Ian who referenced earlier that there's, like, a lot of people who come to events but never join. I think there's a little bit of, like, a Why buy the cow and you can get the milk for free, type of thing. So I think for two reasons, maybe have more pieces of events that are MDS member only one, because it's a benefit of being a member. And can't just sign up for inspire and pay a couple 100 bucks extra bit. Guy. Extra bit get access to everything. And then I think too, I think the conversations and the trust amongst members is higher than when you mix in, you know, guests. So I think having more MDS only portions, you know, coffee chats, roundtables, whatever parts of programming within the live events, I think would benefit, you know, both MDS as an organization, but also members in terms of the value extract from those those sections,

Speaker  1011296:00
I agree with that. I mean, our chapter events, we make sure that we have a section, or at every event, we have a section for MDS members only, even if they have their business partners that were a plus one at the event, and they have to leave the room to give give a premium to the people actually involved in the community.

Speaker  1015973:20
Yeah, we're gonna bring back more MDS only sessions, and then we're also extending another extra day specifically for members and doing a mastermind roundtable the next on the 11th. So that's going to be members only of March. March, sorry for Inspire.

Speaker  1021610:40
Oh, I will not be there. Lee,

Speaker  1022554:40
what do you want to say?

Speaker  1023882:40
Wait That extra day, is that extra cost? Okay, good. That's great. I agree with what Alex said, too, because I talked to a bunch of spouses at the Milan Summit, because I think there was an member only session, but it was only the hot seats right in Milan, and then some spouses were talking to the member spouses and be like it wasn't that like, gray and exclusive, really, it was member only. But they felt like it wasn't kind of member only quality. That was the vibe I got from some of the spouses conversations in Milan. So I think having an extra day there Ian inspired. Remember, only is a great idea, but

Speaker  1037370:40
how did they know that it wasn't like high quality they weren't allowed in there?

Speaker  1038874:40
No, actually, the spouses who went talk to the non spouses and be like you didn't miss much. That's that was none of the conversations I heard.

Speaker  1044016:00
Okay, anything else on any of those of these topics, or any other idea that you have to have, the mentorship program, the brand incubator program, the limitations and events, the subscription packs for events. And I think that's on the hot seats for member who are struggling to any other thing on this, or should we move on to the other issue?

Speaker  1054026:40
Sorry, I joined a bit late, but did you guys discussed already the AI topics and how to we can all learn as fast as possible on AI more than just we had a few great mogul calls with some AI visuals experts and stuff. But maybe if the community can, well, if we can put in place more than just that, that would be amazing for everyone.

Speaker  1060800:00
We have the AI channel, and we'll have our next AI channel call on it's a tool, an AI tool, that allows you to answer automatically all the meta and Tiktok apps. And the idea for these AI calls is mostly that they are not open discussions, but actually like somebody speaking on a particular subject. So if you have any ideas or any topics and even any speakers that you can think of, of course, they are welcome all the time. But that's, I think, what we, we've been trying to do on that subject.

Speaker  1072058:40
I was, I was thinking maybe what we had the, no, sorry, I don't remember the name of the guy who's great. He did the two or three mogul calls already. But I was thinking maybe, like, push this direction a bit more. Maybe, like, what we did with the expert calls, with Dion on Eos, we could have like, one or two people experts in AI has changed so much we could pay those people to teach us a lot of things, not just push their their own proposition, but really teach the community. What's the state of the art practices nowadays?

Speaker  1081941:20
Yeah, I mean, So Ian, I don't know if you heard but like, my idea was like, like, build out, like, pay somebody to build out certain flows, and then if you give those to members that pay or kind of come in, the benefit to the person who built them out as well. Is Back to Alex, actually. Now think about it is, if I got that Ian workflow, and I use click up, but that you use Asana, you can then pay that person to adjust the workflow, like and customize it more to you if you don't know how to do it yourself. So like, that person can get consulting fees, but they also get paid by MDs to build out these flows. Because, again, everything in Amazon at this stage is just a it's just processes, like, that's all, that's all we're doing. We're just going through the same fucking motions all of us. It's slight tweaks, but if you paying somebody to build it out instead of teaching us, and we're all spending hours in a black hole of learning something that we're not necessarily, like we're just doing because we know it has a major impact to the business. But yeah,

Speaker  1099141:19
totally to do that point, I just one member, Jacob, a very young genius from Germany, posted something about Natan and rainforest, API, etc, and I just reached out and spent one hour with him on the on the phone this week. This guy is brilliant genius. He's actually leading his company. So he's not going to be an MDS. To be an MDS member. Starting in January, it'll be on the market. But guys like this, could, I don't know, be on a retainer or do a few systems like this that could benefit the whole the whole group like you just said,

Speaker  1108592:00
Oh, who is this? Jacob, who shot shots. I have it here. Where's

Speaker  1112197:20
it going? Is pursuing all other stuff in tech? And I don't know, but these guys, is a brilliant, brilliant mind.

Speaker  1115157:20
Cool, okay,

Speaker  1117018:39
anything else.

Speaker  1118922:40
I don't remember who proposed the Patrick Shannon topic, who was it?

Speaker  1120656:00
Oh, that was somebody who canceled. So I looked at the notes, and it looks like he's just focusing on retail right now. And just felt like he needed to pull away for a minute, but is wanting to come back in q2 of 2026

Speaker  1126096:00
so yeah,

Speaker  1130309:20
okay, anything else, anybody, or are we done with our last meeting of the year? Oh, my goodness.

Speaker  1135466:40
Okay. Oh, I want, oh, sorry. I want to share something with you guys. My husband, Sean, he's actually attending Amazon accelerate China version. So he was, like, sending messages to me. He met, like, the Chinese version of Dart mesh meta in China, like her name is Cindy, whatever, like, that was great. So I think what the I think there were like 10,000 people attending. So one of the big topics that they talk about was actually Amazon Hall. I don't know if you guys did anything with it. I know it's like a cheap, like temu kind of thing, but I think they're pushing it really big this year, just just sharing some stuff. No one, okay, all right,

Speaker  1149754:40
I have never heard of it.

Speaker  1150986:40
Amazon, Hall. You have never heard of it, H, A, U, L, the cheap like marketplace, okay,

Speaker  1154192:00
okay, all right, okay, anything else?

Speaker  1156096:00
No, great

Speaker  1156576:00
holiday. It was

Speaker  1156944:00
great holiday, everyone.

Speaker  1157472:00
I'll miss you. All.

Speaker  1158789:20
Have a great holiday. Everyone. Bye.
