Logistics Channel Call November 2025
Date: November 17, 2025

Speaker  25:36
Dialog program, yeah. And then you receive an email that asks you to create a split to Germany and UK and give them, basically, yes, all via email. And you create that, and in one moment from another, you receive the units in UK. Okay, I'm

Speaker  6005:20
just going to repeat here, just for those who's watching the recording. We were just talking about the pilot program. I think bi XD, it's a nice program if you were, if you sell in Germany and UK, so you need to be VAT registered. You need to have an eORI in both countries where you could ship to, for example, to you have to ship to Germany and then. But since that's how it works, you basically create a shipment plan to Germany, but then the shipment has will go through Netherland bonded warehouse, and then the split will happen and the Netherland, and then yeah, and then from the Netherland, it will go to the UK, as well as to Germany. I think they're rolling it out to everyone this month. Or they're, maybe they've already dead from what

Speaker  20480:00
January, yes, they're going to, yes, it's fantastic, but it was like a pilot program, exactly because you have a lot of email from different person, you send the same information twice or more times. And for that reason, it was like, yeah,

Speaker  25429:20
yes. So much manual too, yeah. But,

Speaker  26421:20
well, it's cheaper on units. Are right, very good and in excellent time. So that's fantastic, from my experience.

Speaker  28954:40
There is there any plan that you will guys continue using AWD in 2026 Have you looked at the increased fees?

Speaker  30954:40
Yes, but we prefer also to continue with AWD, with all this Kat tariff on, yes, we are not using so much the West Coast now. Now, when we create achievements, more of our shipment is for the South Central. I think that is I

Speaker  37637:19
use, yeah. I mean, are you asked after? Are you as Al is east coast, but, but one night. I mean, if you still, if you still want to send to the west coast, but again, even if you force it, remember that you might have issues with appointment. But one thing, you can keep your workflow open, and then you can keep refreshing the page, like even if

Speaker  44522:40
you have

Speaker  45194:40
pressure today, refresh it tomorrow, refresh it in one week, at certain hour, certain second, you never know they open, they release a space to the West Coast. And then you could basically book the shipment. Yeah, that's why I do. Otherwise, you would have to create the shipment again from scratch, yeah, of course, if they log you out Central, as long that page open, you log in, you enter

Speaker  52448:00
but we are very good with the 1000 draw, because we we had, like a manual sheet in our system that we complete, the time transit time from AWG to FBA, all the shipments that we have per month. And we are in between seven and eight days from 10 days from our average. So we are very good

Speaker  58922:40
from chicken, probably right, yeah, yes. Because receiving, receiving,

Speaker  60714:40
until receiving. Yes, we have some ones that we have like but

Speaker  61946:40
not received in full. I mean, it takes another week or two weeks to have the shipment received in full. It depends on the fulfillment center. That's why I want to say, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker  64816:00
Nice. Also, we have a lot of things of the processing, the reserved status that they are like fulfillment center transfer transfers. We have a lot of units there that they are not a that Amazon answer. They inquire that, yes, you can sell it, but the transit time from the customer is a lot, and that's why we have the units in the reserve status in FBA. But now we are very good. I don't know. I don't want to. I don't know. Now, with the season on the Cyber Monday,

Speaker  75178:40
I feel, I feel it's much better than last year, but again, I mean, we need to wait another few weeks just to say that is, that is, yeah, yeah. Send a message in our group, just in case someone wants to join too, yeah. Just gonna ask Andrew. Andrew, how are you?

Speaker  81384:00
I'm good, yeah, I remember you asked about aw at one point or No, yeah,

Speaker  83896:00
yeah, we were trying to take advantage of it this time of I think we waited a little too late that that's when they weren't accepting any appointments anymore, yeah, and then so we weren't able to do it this time. Okay, yeah,

Speaker  89173:20
that's checking. Andrew. Are you Greg's employee? Yes, okay, great.

Speaker  92986:40
I can't even find my my post. I hope sometimes you know, you would post something, but then it's now on the MDS group. It's just personal profile. Yeah, I

Speaker  97056:00
maybe, is it still pending? I don't know. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, is,

Speaker  99936:00
yeah, I think remember, you guys are in the shoes niche, yeah, okay, because there's another Yeah. How are you finding? How are you finding now, like sending from your PPR to Amazon, are you finding it a bit slower, or is it okay compared with last year?

Speaker  104373:20
Yeah, it's okay. I mean, it's pretty, pretty quick. I mean, it's within, I think three weeks is what 80% inventory will be, you know, prime eligible within three weeks, or 80 to 80 to 90% of it. So for us, that's, I mean, as good as as it can get, if it's faster, it's, that's good, but it doesn't really take much longer than that.

Speaker  111466:40
Yeah. Are you finding it a bit better than last year, or almost the same?

Speaker  112496:00
Yeah, I think it's almost, I think it's almost the same just because of, because of the tariffs. We haven't been over ordering from China. Right now, we're a little bit more restrict, like restricting on how much inventory we're keeping. So since our inventory in our warehouse is a little lower, it's easier to just ship. You know, we're not shipping as much high volume to FBA because of the restricting on inventory that we have right now. So it's, yeah, I don't, I don't feel like it's, it got worse. I mean, it's pretty much the same,

Speaker  122357:20
yeah, I have the same, same, same, same thing. Yeah, I mean, but I think I'll only be able to tell by by the end of the month if it's got better or not only with AWD, I have one SKU that I keep replenishing. It says that it's not available. And I have, like, 150 units. I'm not sure if cruises, if you ever faced something like this, I've already opened a case. Still waiting, yeah,

Speaker  129472:00
yes, it's very I try to send more units, but it's impossible. Well, we have a lot in FDA that we have, like, restricted, because we have a lot of stock in FBA, and we can send from AWD to FBA, but, but that one stock,

Speaker  135109:20
yeah, but that one is not AWD issue. Probably is FBA, from what I heard, yeah,

Speaker  136229:20
yes. And every week I receive, like, an email, like automatic email, that you have a lot of stock,

Speaker  138245:19
there's a special link where, I don't know if I shared it, where, where you can apply for exemption for that ASAM level, and then it doesn't work, then you open a case.

Speaker  140730:40
Okay, that will be fantastic, because we don't have so much stock there. A, they are like a bulk orders that we have it. A, it's not a product that sells every day. Let me

Speaker  144928:00
see if I can, I can get the link here and then have it shared with you. It was shared by Ivan Ong. Some people had luck with it. Some people know, basically, because there were, there were so many requests for for exemption. So Amazon just came, just came up with a, sort of like a tool online where you apply for it. But again, no guarantees, many people have success with Seller Support. Yeah, I'm trying to find it. Yeah. May not be easy for you to find it.

Speaker  153205:20
Yeah. Maybe now, because of the season, we are not having a out of stock in FBA from

Speaker  155013:20
this replenish, because the system is not finding those units in Aw, that's another story. I've never faced it before. They're looking into it, but I Yeah. I mean, luckily, it's

Speaker  158154:40
not AWD told you that they don't have stock of that. They are and you have it.

Speaker  159354:39
You have it. They have 150 units. Yes,

Speaker  159850:39
yeah. Well, I have some problems of Miss unit, and they give me the money.

Speaker  162208:00
It's not yet a missing unit because the shipment was fully received. So now I cannot replenish within what I have available at the AWD, which is very weird, yeah,

Speaker  165509:20
yeah, oh,

Speaker  165861:20
yeah, no, I that poem. I think that I I don't have it, but I didn't have it. But yes, a lot of units lost that. I asked them, and they give me the money, but don't then they found it, and again, they charge me the money?

Speaker  171050:40
Yeah, of course, always, yeah, trying to find the link for you, because it might, might not be easier for you to find the group one second.

Speaker  174602:40
Oh, thank you. Yes, we have, I think that fortify skos a lot with this issue, yeah, for sure.

Speaker  178304:00
Though, the one issue I'm running into, I guess that you know, it happens a lot. I'm not 100% I don't 100% understand what why it's happening is the high days of supply issue, and you can't send to FBA, even though, you know, there's not high inventory in Amazon. But for some reason, just some skews up here, for like, you know, a couple weeks that I can't send it, and then, you know, eventually it lets me. But it's so weird, because you know that we go off certain ratios that we like to keep in Amazon. And for some reason, that one, it's just, I can't send that certain size, and it doesn't make sense, because it's not we, we are moving it. We, you know, we're selling, let's say, 20 units in the last 30 days. Now we have 30 in Amazon. So it's not like we have, you know, a surplus, but for some reason, like, there's some skews that just, it's like that, like, a month or so

Speaker  193888:00
I've heard the same, like, I don't even know how, like, I don't even know how they come up with their crazy, like, calculations. Like, I'm gonna find you that link. I think you might be, yeah,

Speaker  198501:20
they've seen the formula. It's like, you know, based on the past sales and how your inventory per day. But it's like, you know, that whole style sells pretty even. So it doesn't make sense for just one size to me. But that's like, one of the issues that you know that we're been running into the last two months.

Speaker  203866:40
Yeah, I think I found it. Yeah, here. So try that one, try that one, and then let me see. Let me just test the link before I send it here. But I've seen success with some up in the case with Amazon and then they managed to lift the restriction. So it's just keep trying one second here.

Speaker  215304:00
Yeah, so that's okay, fine here. So

Speaker  218264:00
that's the link. I'm gonna, I'm gonna just put it here on the chat, yeah,

Speaker  220458:40
so it's called asin block exemption. Request. Have you? Do you guys see it? Yeah? Yes.

Speaker  223034:40
And then you just open it, and then request exemption, and then you put the asin, the quantity, the reason, and then the Start, End Date, and then basically, it opens sort of a case or something, I think so it does if, and then after that, if it gets not accepted by Seller Support says, No, you could Probably, like open another case or something that you've tried to use this exemption tool, and you're you, you're very dependable on q4 sales stuff like that, yeah, just, I think I heard 5050, like, where people had good luck with, with getting it lifted, because Even AWD can't do much about it, because they say, this is FBA, this is not us, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah, just make sure that you save it, because once the call is just gonna disappear. Yeah, okay, I

Speaker  238250:40
saved it already. Thanks.

Speaker  239018:40
Yeah. Thank you. So

Speaker  239482:40
for me, I'm, I'm, I'm. Debating because the AWD fees at least 20, 25% up in 2026, and I they're getting even closer with other three, pls. And now I think the storage fee will be about $45 in California, where you could get it for between, I'm sure Andrews know that, but you could get it between 15 and 20 per month, something like that. So it's insane, definitely, if you're storing for more than four or five months, AWD is not, it's not. It's not the right option. Yeah, it's not. It's not meant to be. It's not meant to be used to store stuff for very long time. So that's, that's sort of how I see it now. Yeah. Other option would be, like, just sending direct from China, and then just splitting it up to five shipments, like, like, Okay, for the placement fee, yeah, for the placement fee. I'm not sure how you guys have you guys. Is there a reason cruise, why you guys do AWD first Is it, is it easier because you can send full containers, or is it? I'm sure you have always for me, because

Speaker  257440:00
LCL, we don't ship a full container. So here's

Speaker  258783:59
my question, if you already send LCL to AWD, why not sending five LCL to FBA?

Speaker  260096:00
Yeah, because we don't want to have a overstocked in FBA, maybe we, we have all our calculation from some DUIs, and if we send more to FBA, we but now in season, maybe yes, but in the year, I don't know if, when, we have some problem now with one SKU that we receive About a review, and it was very difficult to a remove achieve the sales that we have last year. And we have a long term fee. They are there is a very expensive product in FBA, and now we are going to create a removal order from FBA to AWD there, because it's a lot of long term fees that we have there.

Speaker  272688:00
Can you create a removal order from FBA to AWD? I'm not sure if you can do that.

Speaker  273808:00
Yes. I talk with our account manager. There is an escape the sky use one case, one product, one unit. So in that case, yes, we can create it,

Speaker  276576:00
because otherwise, otherwise labeling it. I'm not sure even how they label it, you know, because they need an AWD label. I don't know

Speaker  278533:20
if you need to create an email shipment, if to AWD, yeah, you need to put that the carrier is other, because if you put Amazon greater removal, it will be like mistake there.

Speaker  282741:20
How do you give, or you have, or there's an escalation? You said,

Speaker  284330:40
No, and we, I talk about the labels, and they told me that there is not a problem because they are like internally, they talk. I don't know if it is true this, but I think that maybe they can do it. Yeah, we are not sure that we are going to do that, but because we are trying to push ourselves with reducing the price now with the Cyber Monday, but it's a lot of long term fees, so we are very scared about that from grading the shipment directly from China to FBA. But maybe, yes, we can do it and try it, if they I understand that the increase of the AW was only in West Coast, but I don't know.

Speaker  296389:20
I have the sheet again one second I see, I see some discount for east coast, but not one second here, yeah. And

Speaker  302474:40
let me see here correct, yeah. So for example, now it's, it's right now for the storage fee, it's point 4.48, per cubic foot per month. Yes, so that will remain the same for any regions except West region,

Speaker  308640:00
let me see. So that's why we are going to send to the South Central or I'm trying not to do it to the west coast.

Speaker  310789:20
But the problem is the inbound processing fee, the outbound processing fee, used to be one point 35 per box. Now it's 1.4 regardless of the location. So that one, they did not reduce. And let me see. And then the Amazon transportation fee, it's the same. It's the same, but that's a big jump from one point 15 per cubic foot to 1.4 Yeah, 1.4 I tell you how much that per palette a pallet is 80 cubic foot. Yeah. 1.4 multiplied by 80, that's 112 per pallet. Yeah, yes. And right now we pay 92 Yeah,

Speaker  324410:40
per pilot. Okay, yes, it's a lot. Hey guys, yes, I need to analyze that, because I think that I don't know. Hi, Mary. Yeah,

Speaker  326261:20
hi. This is Mary from New York. Quick question, so how do you create this removal order from FBA to AWD?

Speaker  328613:20
You might not ask Cruz about it, because I thought about it, but I didn't try it.

Speaker  330005:20
Yeah, yeah. I need the answer now from my account manager, because of the labels, because I asked the same that mo told me, but they see the process is you need to create an inbound shipment for to AWD, nice. And only you can do this if your case, have one unit, because only AWD received cases, complete cases. And if you have the stock in FBA, maybe they are not a in cases.

Speaker  338512:00
So you mean case backs. You need case backs Not, not, not, yes, not individual packs, where you have, I think most, most, most of us here on the MDS, probably case backs. That means 111, case. That's what you mean. Yeah,

Speaker  342245:20
yeah, yes. And when, when you grade all the amount then you need you grade from the SKA you and FDA the removal order, and put it exact address that you have in the inbound shipment to AWD. With that information you can create, and also you need to create a case in FBA told talking about this, because they need to know that you are doing this a kind of thing. I feel like I

Speaker  350394:40
wouldn't do it unless I have someone. I mean, my issue is going to be those labels, because those labels have the barcode that AWD reads. So I mean, if I don't get, like, if I don't have a SAS or a WD rep or something, I might not do it, because my stuff might get lost. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  356048:00
So does your product have to be in the master carton and FBA, or it can be loose.

Speaker  357621:20
No, so let me explain. I mean, the way, how it works, they usually because, I mean, I'm sure you've, I'm sure you have, like, have had a tour at Amazon, I've seen so usually they try to keep them as much as they can, in a case, back, and then they only open them up once they need to, like, for example, if you have a 20 units and it's locked if, and if that's the only case at the fulfillment center, they get a probably open it up and then use that one unit. But the question, that's the very valid question, like, like, say, if it's maybe that will only work if, if the case pack has only one unit, like something big, like oversized, I think, yeah, I mean, it would be nice cruise. You can get more information and then share it.

Speaker  371072:00
And yes, next month, I will on the chat I am waiting for the answer. They are from my account manager. And this is only, I don't know if I recommend this, because it's too much. It's too much, and only because we have a lot of long term feedback, a lot in this career. If I were you, a solution quickly, but from only, from this guy, you we have another one with a few a charge of long term fee, and there is no issue there. But in this case, we need a solution quickly, because there is a lot of long term fees with this. We have a lot of stock because it was a excellent product from one review.

Speaker  383018:40
We I, if I were you like, I think I wouldn't do it this way, because remember, when you do a removal they might not receive them at the same time. So for me, I think I'll just send it like to tactical like and do a cross dock, meaning that they don't store the inventory. And you know, when you do cross dock with tactical, you get like, 50% off or something, something like that. I they have a very reduced price. At least they make sure that they receive all your, all your, you know, all your pieces, items. And if you need them to come up with a new master Kat and you could, but I think

Speaker  392405:20
it's very short, maybe it will be better to do to tactical that to

Speaker  393653:20
or any FBA prep place, because what if you receive them, as Mary said, individual units, you need someone to pack them, put them in a master case, like

Speaker  397322:39
didn't do that. Would not do that. Yeah, unless,

Speaker  398410:40
yeah, unless you have one unit or one master Kat, that's, that's another story. Yeah. Sorry.

Speaker  399498:40
So cruise. Your items are oversized.

Speaker  400576:00
Yes, this one is Kat. U is oversized, and there is one master case. So that's why we analyze this option. But we are not sure that we are continue with this process. We are trying to have all the alternatives and then decide. But now I am asking everything to our account manager, about the labels, to AWD, everything, and I, if I have an answer, I will write in the chat all the information, because maybe it's a solution, because it's cheaper than sent to our external free bill, and then again to FBA when we want to sell it.

Speaker  411786:40
Yeah, it's really expensive, so it would be nice if a WD started this service, yeah, now I

Speaker  414346:40
understand, like, they don't, don't do anything extra a, like,

Speaker  415610:40
a, yeah. Like, do they stop that via label prep service. I think as of January, the thing I don't like, like, I don't like how AWD, they don't have a removal service. Like, if I want to dispose inventory, you have to do MCD to a three PL, and then the three PL has to probably dispose, or even charge you money to find someone to take it. I've already spoken with them about it. But I think we need this ASAP, because, as you said, the product say, if I have a good I launched new product, bad quality, I need to remove it. Okay, I removed from FBA. Then I have something at AWD. What do I do with AWD? I'm not gonna replenish it. You know? What? If the product can't be fixed, you know, like, right? You have to throw it away. So that stuff would be interesting, because, I mean, MCD, even MCD is expensive. Now I used to be one flat fee no matter what I used to send to the east coast for the same price. Now it's calculated by distance. Also another problem with the MCD, they can only do one skew per pattern. So basically, you get charged for a whole pad that even if you have three cases, unless you go with the UPS option, UPS option, you can mix and match. But that's something Yeah, I just do not like, yeah. I mean, hopefully they get these things fixed,

Speaker  435680:00
yeah, yeah, okay. Mo, this is a different question, but I've been trying to get a shipment into Canada, FBA, the past like five to six days, and I'm shipping from California, and it's just one pallet, but it keeps giving me the West Coast, and I want the East Coast. I've tried different shipped from addresses. I've tried New York, I've tried China, but it's still giving me the west coast in Canada.

Speaker  443962:40
Funny that I've always want to get our West Coast, but I could never get it. I could always, I could, I always get east coast, which is interesting. So wait, are you getting like, ybr or one? Ybr, 234, something like that. What? What? FC, are you getting?

Speaker  448090:40
Um, I don't know the F. I don't know the name of the FC right now, but it's in

Speaker  449855:59
Vancouver. I'll Alberto, yeah. Okay, yeah. I Okay. So just let you know, 70% of those received in Alberta, they get FC transferred because there's no one living there. There's not many people, just so that, you know, like, I know, I know you're a bit scared about FC transfer, but, but the majority of Canadians live on the east coast. So I can guarantee for you, if you ship to Alberta, it will, it will get transferred, for sure. Another hack, yes, Amazon, Canada is very immune to changing those addresses. Does not work the same way as USA. So one other way do you have, do you have more SKUs in Canada or no?

Speaker  462954:40
Yes, I'm selling like four SKUs, okay, but I'm only shipping in one

Speaker  464352:00
SKU. Okay. So what why you would do? You would add one unit, one at a time for those other SKUs, sometimes unit or one carton, sorry, or one car in one unit. I mean, do both. Like, I don't want you to do carton for one reason, because you can always remove 5% of the total quantity, or one unit. But if you add a whole case, and then you get something on the East Coast, then how are you going to remove those 20 units? So for me, I just go with one unit. I just do an individual packing, and I just come up with my own numbers, like, like, like, you don't have to come exact with the with the dimensions, and then add, add one skew, one at a time, and then see if the results are the same or not. The results get changed, and you get what you want. Then you submit the shipment. And then after that, you can go back and then delete that one year. This is 100% white hat. They allow you to remove. Of one unit, or up to 5% of the shipment. I mean, that's why I said do not add a case, and another way, also, if it doesn't work, but that one's a bit tricky, then you can add, like, 20 units, 40 units, but then what do you do with the 2040 units? I mean, you could technically ignore them, but then you might get a defect. One time. Defect in Canada is not a big deal, too. But that's something has has worked for me. Just one unit I have, like, I don't know, 2025, ASINs. Just, just keep trying something might work. And also, I was mentioning to cruise at the very beginning of the call, keep, keep that workflow. Do not if you don't get what you want, keep it on your computer. Do not close that page and then have that page fresh every two hours, every day, every eight hours, so you don't have to create that shipment again from scratch. You never know, because those spaces, they open like they get changed on a daily basis. So that way, unless you have a VA, if you have a VA, just let them keep trying. But I like the idea of adding a skew, one skew at a time, and then see if that will change the results. I mean, this is MDS only, so don't outside, because that has worked well for me, but funny for me, I could never get I could get west coast, but maybe once every three months for me, I need the West Coast, not because I used to ship from USA to Canada, but because of the terrorists. So now I ship directly from China. So I do prefer west coast, because then if my stuff arrives in Vancouver, then they just get appointment next week. But if they go to Alberta, or they go east coast, they have to go, they have to use the railways, and those ones forever, as you know. I mean, I'm sure you've not experienced with those ones inside the state. They could they could leave today, they could leave in a month, they could leave two weeks. So that's why I prefer west coast. But yeah, is that shipment coming from USA? Yeah? Mm, hmm, yeah, yeah, yeah. That would have been perfect if it's coming from China, yeah.

Speaker  513040:00
So adding one unit of a SKU. Can I do that right away, or do I have to wait a couple hours every time I add a

Speaker  515136:00
skew? No, we can do that right away, as long those, as long those cues show up on your FBA inventory in Canada, you can do that if they don't show up, then just add them on your catalog. Because, I mean, I'm only asking because maybe you, maybe you have not sold before those SKUs in Canada. So for me, I always add those SKUs in all marketplaces, even if we're not going to sell them, because it's nice to have a control over your SKUs in other marketplaces. If something goes bad or you need to change something, you have sort of a direct access so, yeah, I mean, so that exercise, the one I mentioned for you, it's not that bad. You have three skews. So you want to try, okay, you want to try one of those cues with, with what you want to ship. And then if you don't get the results, then you try skew to skew three. And then you keep the screen at skew three, and then you come in few hours, refresh the page at skew number three, and then you and then you go back. And then you, or one other way, if you want, if you want to make it like much easier, create three sort of fake shipments, one with skew one, one with skew two, one with skew three. And then you sort of keep those three pages open on something, and then you refresh those three pages. That's another way. But I think if you don't get any results in four or five days, then you should not waste more your time, because that means nothing going to change. And then I say, go ahead with Alberta. There's not many people living there. I I'm 100% sure it will get percent sure it will get actually transferred to Toronto. I mean, that's, that's, that's definitely my experience.

Speaker  541050:40
Yeah, okay, got it. I'll give it a try. Thank you. Yeah,

Speaker  541770:40
you're also, yeah,

Speaker  542298:40
no, do you know exactly the name of the fulfillment center that is the better a scenario in Ghana,

Speaker  544320:00
like, like, like, I know most of the names. So what, which one do you which one are you asking about?

Speaker  545744:00
Because I have a nip on Tori is, that's,

Speaker  546752:00
that's where I live. That's not good. That's in Ottawa. Yeah, that's too far. Not good. That one. I mean, it's one of the biggest one. They often recently in my hometown. But the problem is it's very far. I mean, the reason why

Speaker  550469:19
all my children from now are to the FBA,

Speaker  551557:20
I think it's probably, it's probably the Y O W, yeah, y o w2 or y o w4, something like that, am I right? Yeah, the three, yes, y o w, yeah, yes, yeah, that's, that's also the airport code for Ottawa, too. There's nothing wrong with it, but the problem is, when you send from China, they take them on a train to Toronto, and then they will track it from Toronto to Ottawa. So it adds another like, sort of 10 days also. More expensive too, if, like, if you get, if you get, some cost from Chinese freight forwarder, we are the most expensive because we are like the furthest east, trying to do what I mentioned to Mary, see if exchange is the results. I mean, freight forwarder, they like Vancouver. They like Alberta. They like also anything in Toronto, like YYC, YYC, four, seven, those ones.

Speaker  567557:20
Yes, this is the first time that I had this fulfillment center. And for all our shipments, they are like five that we have, I'm

Speaker  570469:19
probably getting the same results too, as well. Yeah,

Speaker  571450:40
okay. I will try it. If not. Well, this is not the best

Speaker  572570:40
month, if not. Just make sure that you plan like more time. It's also depends on the freight forwarder. Sometimes they have a whole container going to IO W. It just makes the job much faster. But if they if inside the container is going to y, O, W, y, y, z, different location, then they have to unload in Toronto, and then split up the shipment. And that's even adds more time as well.

Speaker  579328:00
Yeah, okay, yeah, I will try it. Yes, yeah.

Speaker  580544:00
They opened just two years ago. I mean, I visited them. It's one of the best. One is the huge, like, big. The reason why, in my home city, because it's very cheap. It's not that expensive. Like, you can't get that space in Toronto is very expensive, yeah, yeah, yes, but yeah, it's far away. Yeah. Even me, if I send something from my home, I wouldn't be able to get to get to get it to Y on W, but it gave me something worse, because I don't even know how the algorithm work like anyway, yeah, just crazy, yeah.

Speaker  587738:40
Thank you. Yes, thank you. I will try to refresh the page,

Speaker  589162:40
yeah, a include and excuse that you're not sending to Canada, and then see if that change. Also, sometimes, if you want to use your existing skews, sometimes lowering the number of units might give you what you want, but then you tell me more, what if I want you to send? That's, I'm not sure if Mary's still here. One other way, say you want to send 1000 units of skew. One, I noticed if I do it, 500 units, then I do get the FCA one, then I do. I create the shipment plan twice, 500 500 and most, most fate, foreign China, or even anyone you work with, they're okay. I mean, they'll just book one appointment and close to FBA to it,

Speaker  601541:20
yeah. What if you're only shipping one pallet?

Speaker  602933:20
If you're shipping one palette, then I would, I would mix them in the same palette, but I would not apply a palette label. Or you I just do one palette label is fine. I mean, the system so they scan the palette label, but then end of the day, they have to scan the cases one by one. I prefer not to put any on the palette. That's fine. I mean, you might be scary, but do not put any palette label and then mix them all together in that same, same palette. If, if the company insists, you can just give them any, any, any one of those two shipments. And usually it shouldn't screw up your inventory, because end of the day, Amazon will have to scan those cases one by one. Yeah,

Speaker  613989:20
got it. So you're creating two shipments in Seller Central, and then you're just applying either pallet label to

Speaker  616693:20
I personally prefer not when I have mixed cues. I prefer not to apply a palette label. Got it. It is accepted. I mean, I mean, because think, think about it, we all ship from China. They palletize our goods in the state. It's LCL shipment, and we don't give them pallet labels, and no matter what it gets checked in, you know? Yeah, that's true. Okay, yeah. I mean, if they insist, like, I work with a company, they insist you just give them one of those shipment you should be fine. But I prefer not to be honest, just just to be on the safe side, yeah, yeah, Canada is a lot of work, like, like, trying to, trying to find the best FC. This is why I feel like China is the best. They're the most optimized when it comes to sending to Canada, because they have all those FCS, and they have, like, very good prices, good rate. I think our last shipment from USA to Canada was now probably 10 month or 11 month. We had to stop because, because of this one, because of the tariffs, I didn't want to pay tariffs, and US tariffs in Canada as well. Like double back in the day, my tariffs was only one, 2% I was like, okay, it's fine, even if I double pay, it's not it's not in it's not end of the day, because we were consolidating Canada shipment in one container, and then we split it up at our three PL, but we don't do that anymore. Yeah,

Speaker  636506:40
yeah. Usually I ship from China, but we're our inventory is low, so this is like an emergency shipment.

Speaker  638410:40
Yeah, I agree. Have you looked into are your items heavy baked? Or no,

Speaker  640704:00
they're like, Are they heavy big items? Because one other option would be ups as well. Have you looked into ups?

Speaker  642880:00
No, I don't think UPS would make sense.

Speaker  643712:00
Yeah, also do I assume this is not your first trip into Canada. You have your own business number. You have your import number. I I've had this happening a lot. I'm the s members they ship to Canada. Was like, Well, can you help us? We don't have any business number or important number. I was like, There's nothing I can do. They have to leave this stuff at the border for like, just crazy. Yeah, yeah. You know, because you cannot do DDP from USA to Canada. I mean, you could do it from China, but not from USA. Yeah, so it's a big problem. Yeah, cool, yeah. Just try that. See, see if it goes but again, don't, don't, don't spend too much time on it. Maybe for you, not four days, if you need it badly, then maybe just two, three days, not, not more than that. I think Alberta is fine. They will actually transfer no matter what. Yeah, perfect, yeah. I know we got still 15 minutes, but I could stay longer, if you guys have no more question. I guess we could end our call today. I was hoping for more, but it was nice discussions. Enjoyed it. And yeah, you guys have any anything else you want to discuss? Yeah, cool, perfect. Yeah, thank you for attending and see you next month. Yeah, thanks. Bye.
