8. FC Chats_ Cultivating a WINNERS Mindset in Business w_Brett Eaton
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Nine years I had a first career in the fitness industry where I was there for over a decade doing everything from personal training to managing gyms to managing, you know, regional director of fitness, all of those kinds of things. And then I made the pivot into the coaching space, and I just fell in love. And even though I do a lot more speaking now than than coaching. I do a lot of coaching and programs like this, where I get to come in and there's there's a group here, and my favorite way to to interact is through coaching. And I think that there's a big difference between good coaches and great coaches. And I like to think that the difference is, is, is good coaches like to tell you things, great coaches like to ask the right questions so that you can find your own journey. You can find your own answer. And that's really what I'm here to do, is, is I hope that when we get this, this going, and we open it up for questions, I really believe that that's when the best content happens anyway, right? I'm not here to just tell you the things that I think you need to hear. Let's find out what you need to hear, what you need to have, what kind of things we need to answer, and let's dive in that together. So what I'm going to do for those of you who were at the retreat that we held with the founders club, I'm going to share a couple of those similar type of things here. And what I want to do is kind of set the stage for you all to hopefully spark some interest into like, hey, that's where my question is, or, Hey, that's actually where I'm stuck right now. And we can get some really good question and answer going here for the second part of this call. But the first thing I want to do is, kind of, I want to talk about some high performance principles and and where I'd like to come in, and we're going to talk about a winner's mindset. I think that that pairs so closely with confidence. And in the last probably 18 months or so, I have found that this confidence, this, this topic of confidence is always present. It's kind of omnipresent. It's always there. And I feel that confidence and mindset when it comes to that, those two things, it's almost the micro. When it comes to running your business, the macro is like the sales, and it's the, you know, the employees, and it's the product, and it's all those things, but it's the micro, a lot of times that shows up. And if you haven't been working on it, or you there's no focus on it, you'll trust me, you'll know when it's not there. I almost think about fitness. We could talk fitness, we could talk workouts and nutrition till we're blue in the face, but at some point you're like, well, Brett, I'm eating pretty good and I'm working out pretty consistently. Why aren't my seeing the results? Well, then there's a whole new another level of micro where, well, have we talked about sleep? Have we talked about stress? Have we talked about how many steps you're taking? Have we talked about water? Have we talked about all of those things do actually matter. So that's where I think mindset and confidence comes in. And I'll be the first to admit that I have been in cohorts before and been on calls where mindsets being talked, and you're like, yeah, like, I have a pretty good mindset, right? I'm a positive guy, and I feel like I can figure things out. Like, you know, I don't know why I would really need a mindset call. And then all of a sudden, you get on that call and you start to realize, like, well, this whole game is mindset. This whole game is about mindset. And a lot of the things that are either going to drive you forward or hold you back or wrapped up in the confidence that you have, the confidence to make decisions, the confidence to make a tough decision, the confidence to know when to push, when to quit, when to pivot, all of those things come down into the confidence that you have. So most of you, I would imagine, are pretty confident in your product, that you're selling the service that you're selling, the business that you're running, but we're going to talk about the micro confidence today. Okay, the micro confidence of like, how long is it taking me to make that decision? Or, hey, are the habits that I have really best serving me to drive this business and my life and my fulfillment forward? So the first principle that I kind of want to talk about today is defining your own success. Because to me, we can't have confidence in the direction that we're going if we don't actually know where we're going, think about getting in the car, right? Best driver in the world. Cool. Where are we going? I don't really know. Well, how are we going to get there? Well, we'll just keep driving and making turns. That's not probably going to get us where we want to go. So you really have to know where you're going. And I want you to think about, do you have you know it's November 13. Do you know what your destination was for the end of 2024 right in your business? Now, I always approach the individual here, so as much as we're going to talk about business, do you know what a successful 2024 was going to look like in your personal life? If I said you can't answer this question at all to do with business, just personal Do you know what a successful 2024 looks like? For you, ask yourself that question. Maybe write that down. Maybe say maybe I haven't really gotten that clear. Most people are like, well, I want to make more money, I want to be happier, I want to take a couple of vacations. I want to be healthy. I want to be Yeah, yeah. But what? How? How does that look? What does that actually look like? So defining your own success is a place and one. There's a lot of great definitions of success out there, and if you have a great one, I would love you to maybe drop it in the chat here. But one of my favorite definitions of success is is liking what you do, liking how you do it, and liking yourself while you're doing it. Mm. Let me say that again, success is liking what you do, liking how you do it, and liking yourself while you do it. That's a Maya Angelou quote. Here's what I love about that some of you go through when we go through phases where, like, you know, work gets hard. Let's be honest, right? It gets tough sometimes, and it gets difficult and sometimes, like, Am I doing the right thing, like, Am I doing what I'm supposed to be doing? A lot of times that answer is yes. You're just not doing it in a way that's fun anymore. You might not be doing it in a way that you're enjoying it. You might have to get back to maybe creating a little bit more play in your life. You might get go back to having some more enjoyment with it. You might get back to doing it in a way where, like, hey, you know what? I know this is hard work, and I'm gonna I'm in the grind right now, but can I make the grind fun? Can I start to enjoy the hard and that's all of a sudden where you can start to get some joy back in your life and finding like, hey, is this actually the success that I want? So define your own success. That's number one. Here's another question I like to throw in with that everybody always asks, like, where do you want to be in five years? Right? I see Jennifer, I see Jessica, I see clay. I see Aaron Kirby. They're on my screen. If I were to say, like, hey, where do you want to be in five years? Some of them would, boom, rattle it off right away. Brett, this is what I wanted. I want this to be this. I want to sell for this. I want my company to be here. That is the minority that I have found in coaching and the clients and the companies that I've worked with, I have found that that is actually a difficult question for a lot of people to ask, because it's so it seems so far away. Five years seems so far away, and especially if you do what I do, where I immediately go back five years I'm like, Oh, my goodness, my life is very different than it was five years ago. I never would have been able to, like, paint this picture for what I thought I wanted five years ago, which is a great thing. It's exciting. But here's a better question, what? Where Don't you want to be in five years? Where Don't you want to be in five years? If you're thinking where your company is right now, and you're saying, Okay, we're growing. This has been great. This is excellent. Where do you not want your company to be in five years? Okay? Well, we took a huge step back. Well, maybe, why? Okay, well, we're making the same amount of revenue. Okay? Why? Maybe you don't want to have 50 employees. Okay, great. How do you continue to scale? How do you continue to grow if you don't want to have 50 employees? Answering that question, here's another great question, what's not going to change in five years from now? And this is, to me, where we get to, like, core values and the principles that you have in your company in five years from now, if you're growing the way you think you're going to grow, or your life has changed and the way you want it to change, what has not changed? Are you still just as healthy and fit? Do you still have just a greater relationship that you have in your life? Are you still seeing your friends and going on X amount of vacations each month? Like, what does it look like? What does not change? Because if we say, five years I want this, this, and this, and this, this, this. Sometimes we don't think about the sacrifices that that's going to take. Sometimes you don't think about the things that we may have to give up in order to do that. So think on that. Okay, two really good questions, two really good questions there, what's not going to change, and where do you not want to maybe be in five years? Think about those. Number two here is making quality decisions quickly, or, as I like to say, Qd, Q quality decisions quickly. Let me give you a quick little story here that Alex hermosi talks about. He talks about a pottery class, and he talks about two groups. And you may have heard this before, but he talks about two groups, and their, their, their goal for the class is different. One class is like, Hey, you have all semester to make the perfect clay pot. At the end of the semester, you're going to submit one pot. You're going to make the perfect clay pot. There's other group over here, guys, you're going to solely be graded on the most amount of clay pots you can make over the course of semester. Make as many as you possibly can, and you will just be graded on quantity at the end of this semester, the people who made the quantity of clay pots made as many clay pots as possible. Not only made the sheer mass more amount than they did, but the quality of their pot was significantly better than the people who just had the goal of making a great, single, perfect clay pot. Why do we think that is the reason we think that is is because reps matter. You get better with reps you get That's right. Brandon reps matter. The reps are where you get practice. And you could spend the whole time trying to make the perfect decision. You could spend all month making the great decision, or get better at making quicker decisions. Make a quicker decision move forward. Make a quicker decision and move forward. There is a an author named Andy Andrews, and he has another quote that I love, be quick to decide and slow to change your mind. Be quick to decide and slow to change your mind.

Speaker  155226:40
My interpretation to that is that means go with your gut, right. Your gut is normally right. Think about what your gut is saying, and then once you make that decision, don't pivot right away. But think about like, what are the next three steps that I can make to make this decision right? I tell clients this all the time. You're so worried about making the right decision. Instead, make your decisions right. You. The decision that you make, the next two to three, four decisions you make after that. Make that decision you just made. Make it right by the next couple things that you decide to do, and you can live a really great life of abundance and feeling really confident in making decisions. If you're like, Yo, I'm not going to put all my eggs in there's like, this one decision has to be perfect. Because guess what? This one decision just leads me to another decision that I get to make, to another one, to another one. And if you can kind of kind of stack those decisions, you're going to be in a really good spot there. So, Q, D, Q, quality decisions quickly. Now everybody do me a favor right now, unless you were driving close your eyes for a quick second and think about a current decision that you have to make in your business or that you are sitting on you. What are you on the fence about? There is a decision that you're like, I know I have to make this. I've been dragging my feet on it. I know it's going to be something important. And what is that decision for you? Think about it. Think about it. Think about it. Think about it. Whatever comes to mind. I want you to ask yourself this next question, Are you stuck on the decision, or are you just unwilling to make a bold choice?

Speaker  178048:00
Open your eyes.

Speaker  178912:00
Are you really stuck on the decision, or are you just unwilling to make the bold choice? I ask that because it usually shines a light on what needs to happen. Most people aren't stuck. Most people know the decision that they need to make. It's just a bold decision, and sometimes that comes with two or three other decisions. So ask yourself when you get stuck. Take a deep breath, pause. You often know what the right decision should be already. It's just going to be a bold choice. It's going to be a bold choice. And we live in that. We can live on that. Okay, so that's number two, quality decisions quickly. Number three is expected to be hard. Expect it to be hard. I'm a big believer in that, if we expect it to be hard, we put a plan together for it, and then we can execute on that plan. And if it's easy, great. We get to ride the wave. You get to ride the wave. But if we expect it to be easy at some point along the road, boom, you get punched in the face with hard. And that's when most people don't know what to do. We get punched in the face with hard. So really think, if you expect it to be hard, put that plan together for that. There was an Olympic coach who was coaching one of their runners, their track athletes in this last Olympics here. And she was sharing what her coach was saying about the journey of training for the Olympics. And the coach said the rule of thirds. And I believe this is great for business. The rule of thirds is that a third of the time when you're working on your business, or really any goal, I don't want to just say business, but when you're working on a goal, a third of the time you're going to feel like you are crushing it. Everything is going right. Every decision feels great. You're waking up with great energy. The hard stuff feels easy. The easy stuff feels easy. You're like, I can't lose right now. Everything is just going great. That's a third of the time. Another third of the time you're gonna feel okay. You're like, I'm not crushing it, but you know what, I'm getting through it. I'm getting through it. This is kind of a grind. I'm getting through it. You know it's, I wouldn't say I'm crushing it, but I'm getting through it. And we're working and like, Okay, we feel we feel pretty good, we're okay. And then a third of the time you're gonna feel like you're getting your your face punched in. You're gonna feel like everything I do feels like a struggle. Why do I feel like I'm walking through quicksand? Why do I feel like every decision is so difficult? Why do I feel like everything is so hard? Why is that hard? Why are there four steps there? Why can't I just make the phone call? That's when you feel like hard. But if you are in that rule of thirds, you feel great a third of the time, you feel okay, it's a third of the time, and you feel crappy a third of the time. Guess what? You're right where you're supposed to be. You're right where you're supposed to be. And where that has helped me is on my crappy days, I don't get down on myself. I'm like, part of the plan, part of the expecting it to be hard, is that there's going to be some tough days. And you know what I do when I go to bed? I'm like, Well, I'm like, Well, I'm probably not, probably not gonna have two crappy days in a row. Let's make tomorrow either a good one or let's make it a great day. Allows you to be a little bit more optimistic with your day. Okay, so and expect it to be hard. Number four is, is confidence and fear. This battle between confidence and fear. Now I believe that they're both incredible motivators. Incredible motivators. I've seen some people get really motivated with fear in their life. And I've also seen people get really motivated because they're they're incredibly confident. Figure out which one motivates you. And I'd love to tell everybody that, like, rewards motivate people a lot. The data, the data doesn't back that up. The data shows that, like, if you really want to get your ass moving, it's like the consequences that will do that most people show up on days that they don't want to show up. Now, not, not necessarily you guys, but when I, when I talk to employees, most employees like, oh, well, I just, I love what I do, and I love to show up. And most people show up because they don't want to get fired. Hands down, the data proves that the most. You love your paycheck. Yes, I know. You love going to work. You love the status of your role. You love doing your job so other people can do their job. Most people show up because they don't want to get fired. That is what gets us rolling. So if you think about the confidence versus fear, you can use them both at different times. You can absolutely use them both to your different times. Let me give you an example of this client named Ryan, client named Ryan, who I am working with. He's about to make a big career change. He's going to leave his job that he's been at for 15 years as a CFO, and he's going to go work with his brother and his brother's company. And it's the first time Ryan stepping into this entrepreneur type of role for himself. And Ryan is one of the most confident people that I know. He's like, born to be an entrepreneur, but he's just not an entrepreneur yet. You know those people in your life, you're like, you just you have all the skills, you're very self aware, you have all the traits. And he's about to do that. And on our last call, we were really talking about some of the fear that he has, the fear of the what ifs right, okay, what if this happens? Okay, but what if this happens? But like, Hey, I've always kind of had my comfort zone, and what happens if I if I don't do this? Here's what we talked through. We talked through pretty much every worst case scenario that Ryan could come up with. And that did two things. And a lot of people be like, Why are you a confidence coach or a high performance coach? And you're talking through worst case scenarios? I'll tell you why. Because we learned two things when we did that whole exercise. And it took us, took us two calls. Two calls worth. One we realized that the worst case scenarios are not actually all that bad. Most of them are fixable. They're correctable. We can figure it out. The other thing is, is that when you walk through the worst case scenario, what I wanted Ryan to do was, I don't want you to have crazy false confidence that everything is going to work out. I said, Ryan, I want you to have confidence in the fact that you know you can figure it out if the shit hits the fan. Put your confidence in that. Put your confidence in the fact that you will know when to pivot. You will know when to quit, you will know when to stop. You will know when to push forward. You will know what to change is to make you will know what conversations you'll need to have. Trust your confidence in that you have figured out hard things before. So that is where I want you to put your confidence in. If you're like one and again, the whole like, everything's going to work out great. That's not confidence. That's optimism. And I believe that definitely have optimism. But the confidence that that that a lot of people have is not necessarily that it's going to work out. It's that they're going to be able to figure it out if it doesn't okay. So that's that one, and the last one is a winner's mindset. Number five here is a winner's mindset. You have to believe that you're going to win. You have to believe that you're going to win if you are in the own, your own back of your mind, telling yourself how this will blow up in your face. This decision is not going to be right. You're going to make a mistake, and it's all going to come crumbling. That's really difficult to overcome. We can overcome other people talking shit. We can overcome other people's limiting beliefs. We can overcome mistakes. We can overcome a bad product, a bad sales. We can overcome that stuff. We can't overcome if we don't believe in ourselves, you have to believe in yourself, and there's competition all around us, competition in the workplace, competition in our own lives, competition within ourself. You got to believe that you're going to win, because I can't guarantee that you'll win if you have great optimism and you have great confidence, but I'll tell you, it's going to be really difficult for you to win if you have crappy confidence and you don't believe in yourself, that is, is going to be really difficult to do. So I want to kind of recap those real quick, and then I want to dive into some question and answer. Okay, obviously, I could go a lot longer on these, but I want to kind of keep this short so we can talk. Number one is, define your own success. Okay, two big questions there are, what, where do we not want to be in five years? And then what those are? Those are your guard rails. I don't want to be out here. I don't want to be out here. So guess what? I want to be right down the middle. I want to make sure that I'm doing those things. And we're What do you expect not to change? Everybody always talks about the things that are going to change, the things that have changed. I actually love doing that. In January, everybody's like, Oh, New Year's resolutions. I like to say, what do I want to be the exact same as last year? Because that gives me the foundation to build some of the new changes on. Number two is quality decisions quickly, Qd, Q, have the confidence in your quality decisions. Make them quicker and then make the next decision. Right? Okay, be quick to decide and slow to change your mind. Number three is, expect it to be hard. Expect it to be hard. Rule of Thirds, third time you're going to feel great, third time you're going to feel okay. A third of the time you're going to feel crappy. Number four is confidence, first fear. Confidence first fear, expecting everything to work out is not confidence. That's optimism, trusting in your ability to pivot if things don't go right, that's where you can build confidence. Look back at your history at times when, like, oh man, remember when that happened and then I had to pivot, or remember when that happened and I had to make this big decision, remember when that happened and I had to change? That's where I want you to build your confidence in. And then number five is a winner's mindset. Yeah. Have to believe that you can win. You have to believe that you can win. And really, that comes back down to the macro. I'd love to say it's the micro decisions, right? It's the big things that we do every day. No, it's the small things that you do consistently. The small things that you do consistently are where you're going to build your confidence and where you're going to build your high performance traits, all right? So if you have questions on those five things, great. If you have questions on anything else, anything else, anything high performance, anything confidence, anything in your business mindset related, let's dive in. Would love to, love to chat here.

Speaker  328133:20
All right, just take your hand up and we'll get rolling. Guys who's got questions so far.

Speaker  330325:20
Jennifer, Jennifer, let's roll. How are you?

Speaker  330917:20
Hey, good. How are you doing? Thanks so much. Excellent information. I wrote it all down. So how do you deal with the 1/3 crap? I find feeling crappy hard to cope with, and I tend to flip into fix it mode, because I'm inherently a fixer. So then I create all kinds of artificial rules and guardrails for myself when I'm feeling crappy, to try to get myself out of crappy or to prevent crappy. So it's kind of reassuring to know that crappy can be a third of the time. I'm just wondering if you have any tips on how to move through it.

Speaker  338656:00
Give me an example of some of the guard rails or the or the limit, like the restrictions you put on yourself when you feel crappy.

Speaker  340128:00
So I will make sure I go to bed earlier and I will work harder in the gym the next day, or I will decide that salad is the decision for like I will try to be making virtuous decisions based on things that I know to be good. They don't always work, though, sometimes I need a bowl of pasta with lots of butter and cheese on it. So absolutely,

Speaker  346549:20
you said a couple things there. Jennifer, that I want to point out it sounds like I love the word default. If you can have some defaults in your life, right when shit hits the fan or something's going wrong, what are the defaults that limit decision making and to limit that limit energy? And for you, that could be like, You know what the workout is going to happen at the time that I say, it's just like that's on autopilot. I think autopilot can be a great way to reduce stress if the plane is flying in the right direction. Now, when you're feeling crappy, think of compound interest. What what decision can you make that will lead you to less problems, and what decision will you make that will compound into two problems. Now, when I was going through a two, three years ago, I was going through a massive breakup, right? A massive breakup, and I had gone through a pretty good long period of my life where I had given up alcohol, and it was a great decision for me. And like, all of a sudden, like, I was like, alcohol is not even an issue in my life. And all of a sudden I was like, I really want to freaking drink. I just feel like I'm pissed, I'm annoyed, I'm angry at the world. My life is hitting the fan. What the heck? Like? I just want to drink, and I'm so glad that I decided not to, solely for the fact that I then would have, I would have had two problems instead of one, I would have had, I'm moving out. Just got balloons for that. Great. That was amazing. I got now I have to move out, find a new apartment, do all these things, and now I'm feeling hungover and shitty, and my fitness has gone out the window. So when you get to those moments when you're feeling crappy, I just it's a simple just limit the damage. Limit the damage in any decision that you're like, is this decision going to cause me another problem or one less problem? Good. Make the decision that's going to cause you one less don't overthink it. There's no beautiful strategy. Sometimes it is pasta, but not, maybe not, maybe not for a week in a row, right? The damage and try to focus on like, Hey, I let's keep just this part crappy. Let's not it's almost like, oh, I spilled milk. Well, now let's throw the gallon over my head and throw it everywhere. It's like, well, good. Now I have all these problems. Now let's try to limit the damage. Like, okay, we just build it on the counter. No big deal. Big deal.

Speaker  379866:40
That's awesome advice. Thank you so much. That's

Speaker  380426:40
a great question. That is so relatable. Great question.

Speaker  381450:40
What else we got? Who's next? Nicole.

Speaker  382666:40
Nicole, Hi, Brad. Thank you so much for your time. This has been so great, and I used to be a competitive rower, and so a lot of the athlete like mental examples really resonate with me. And one of the things that I'm having a hard time implementing is like practical strategies of practicing confidence or practicing mindfulness and incorporating that into your day. I think that with an exercise program or training program, I can see it so it's very tangible and it's very easy to incorporate. But how would you recommend going about incorporating this as like, sort of like a training plan to get to where you want to go?

Speaker  392741:20
Great question. Nicole, let me ask you this question. Let me ask you a question back with the training and the fitness side. Why is it easy to see, like, where the confidence can stack

Speaker  395466:40
and build. Well, I think bringing this back into my own life, when I was rowing like I had a coach tell me, okay, this is the plan, and if you just follow this, you will get this result. And so there was confidence in that plan of like going getting a certain result. But right now. I'm in the context of, I don't even know the plan should be, because that you're testing constantly. So I think that's why it's hard to, like, I guess, trust that, oh, I'm going to do this and it's going to lead to this result. Because ultimately, you don't know. You're hoping that it will

Speaker  404544:00
absolutely with a plan. When you were you know, say you had a coach or a trainer, how often were you checking in with that person? Like every day? Boom, that's your answer. Your answer is, instead of going long periods of time without checking in on something, shorten down your checkpoints to sometimes daily. Hey, this is what I'm going to do, and I'm confident it's, think of rowing. Let's use that as an example, right? If, if I know that I'm rowing my boat, and, like, I want to get to that island over there, right? I probably don't want to, like, close my eyes, put my head down for like, the next two hours and just assume that the island is going to show up. I want to, like, make sure. And I'm like, okay, good, still going in the right direction. So I'm actually a terrible swimmer. If I don't have goggles on, I'm like, a little I like wine. I'm like, oh my god, the pools in my eyes. So if I don't have goggles on, I need to, like, swim and, like, pick up my head. Be like, am I still going? Okay, I'm swimming. I'm swimming. Pick my head up. Those are small little checkpoints. And for somebody who's not a good swimmer, like this guy, I need to pick my head up very often. If you're a really good, smooth swimmer, you can put your head down for probably 1020, 30 strokes before you got to pick your head up. So shorten, Nicole, shorten the amount of time that you were doing these little checkpoints. And right now you're going to feel like you're probably doing a little bit of this, but that's okay. You what we just don't want to do is spend way too much time going right, and when we know we need to go straight. So shorten down your checkpoints. And every day just say, like, Hey, what did I do to move the needle forward? I call them nmts. Needle moving tasks. Did I hit a couple of my nmts today? Because you can do a lot of work and still not hit any nmts. You can do a lot of busy work and still not hit nmts. That's how you know something's wrong with your checkpoints, right? That's like. I went into the gym and I touched every machine. How many ways? Many weights did you lift? Brett, oh, I didn't know it was supposed to lift them. I just kind of, you know, touched and had a conversation with each one. No, no, we want to do something while we're in there. Does that make sense? Oh, that was perfect. Thank you. You're so welcome. You're so so let me ask you a follow up question for tomorrow. It's three o'clock. Don't know what Coast you're on. Don't know what time it is for you, but what you. But what is your checkpoint for today and what's your checkpoint for tomorrow?

Speaker  439669:20
Like, tangibly in the business,

Speaker  440181:20
absolutely, yep. How do we going to make sure that we're rowing in the right direction?

Speaker  441301:19
Well, I'm launching, or doing more focus onto, like, a new product line, because for the longest time, I've been only focusing on the one, but I need to increase my AOB with other things. So today, tonight, would be making sure I have the quotes from the different suppliers, and then tomorrow, we'll be following up with them.

Speaker  447178:40
And if those two things come true, and those two things happen, how will you feel Thursday night, going to bed?

Speaker  449120:00
I think so great. I think that. I think I've been pretty good.

Speaker  450000:00
You see the energy that you just had of like, the smile, knowing that if you do those two things, that tells me that that's going in the right direction. If you would have said something like, I don't know, like that would have, I would have, maybe, maybe we would have had some doubts. But that's huge. Smile just came over your face. The huge energy just released, just happened. You are rowing in the right direction, my dear. Okay, so that is what I want you to focus on. Do those two things, and then each week, just you know that if that energy didn't happen, that something's off. That's how you know this plan isn't working. I gotta, I gotta change something. Okay, but give it some time to work day after day. Build that confidence. Just stack it.

Speaker  459626:40
Thank you. Great job, great job. Inga, you're up.

Speaker  460986:40
Hi guys, hi everyone. Hi Brad, an amazing speech. Love everything that you talk about. I have a question, like, sometimes I get, like, this perch of energy, and, you know, I can keep going, like, without, like, sleep, eat, whatever, like, three months, I just go in and just get in the work done. But some days are like, I feel stuck. I feel like it's hard for me to keep the energy kind of even, do you have any, any like, advices on that?

Speaker  468400:00
First of all, I have to break you some bad news, and that's that you're human, okay? That As humans, we don't give ourselves a lot of off seasons, right? We go 24/7, 365, every day. But all professional athletes, they have off seasons, right? Even actors and actresses. They go on a movie set, they work their butt off, and then they give themselves some time to rest, recover before the next one. It sounds like that. That is kind of the style that works for you. If it's working right like you. Like to go, go, go, go, go. Take a breath, recharge. Rest up, go back for another sprint. Some people like to run nice and slow and steady all the time. I'm kind of like you Inga. I'll sprint like crazy for a little bit, and then all of a sudden, let me come down. Let me reach. Charge, recover, slow down for a couple days, and then let's go for another what. What is these? Is, is it because I talk with my hands and, like, I just get all this. That was awesome. Okay, don't know what's happening with my screen, but

Speaker  484048:00
it's gesture control, so products have, yeah, so like, if you do this, you get balloons.

Speaker  485824:00
Okay, awesome. I'm learning something new. This is amazing. So Inga, the sprint, if you're just in a sprint and you come down, just ask yourself, is it working for you? I think sometimes we get in our own head that, like, hey, this, this isn't what other people do. So it's wrong. No, no. That's just maybe the way that you win the race, right? Tortoise in the hair type of thing. You just might be like, I'm going to sprint, then I'm going to take a nap, then I'm going to sprint, then I'm going to take a nap. If you want to sustain it a little bit more long term, ask yourself, what is helping you do that? Maybe it's like, hey, I can go with this energy, but maybe I got to stop and eat a little bit. You know, the whole no sleep, no eat thing. Like, maybe that's what's making you like, at some point you're going on the opposite direction, right? So think about like, hey, what's, what's, what's aiding in my energy, and what's taking away and, and Inga, you bring up a great question. There is, sometimes I will literally ask myself, energy, energy up or energy down. The next decision I'm about to make, whether it's food in my mouth, whether it's a choice I'm about to do, whether I'm about to, you know, bump a call or bump a not call, or say yes to something or say no to something, I will literally just say, Is this going to take my energy up or is this going to take my energy down? And I get the answer immediately. Is this an energy boost or an energy take? And sometimes you'll know your answer. So I don't want you to necessarily burn out, but also, I also don't want to, I'm not here to tell you, like, you have to do it everybody else's way, if your way is sprint and rest, sprint and rest. Okay, cool, cool. Thanks so much. Brett, you're so welcome. The whole goal here, folks is like, there's a lot of ways to win this game. There's a lot of ways to feel confident. There's a lot of ways to to win, win the business game. And it's it's learning from the people around you, which is why groups like this are so powerful, because you can learn, but be careful taking somebody's entire strategy if it's not genuinely what works for you. You got to win it your way, because at some point, if you're trying to win somebody else's way, it's going to feel like it just is uncomfortable for you and and one thing I didn't talk about when it comes to confidence is the whole, like, you know, the fake it till you make it line. The reason why I'm not a huge advocate for fake it till you make it is because confidence comes from a lot of places. Confidence comes from, like, like, doing the reps and putting in the work and feeling good. But really, where confidence comes from, for a lot of people, is authenticity, authenticity, and when you are faking it to you make it or trying to do it somebody else's way, even though it feels inauthentic to you, that's why you're not feeling confident. It's like, I'm doing the same thing that Nicole's doing, or I'm doing the same thing that Aaron's doing. Like, why isn't it working for me? It's probably because it's it's authentic to them. It feels like the right way to build it for them, or the right way to do it for them, but for me, all it's doing is making me feel like an imposter. So sometimes we got to just kind of trust our own gut and trust our own path and and it's just, let's learn from everybody else, but let's also carve our own path. Okay?

Speaker  532224:00
Florence, yes, well, about that, my question would be, do you have any resources or recommendation for when your issue is not your actual confidence, but communicating confidently? A great example for me. I launched my business only a year ago. I have super good growth, good accomplishment. I do feel proud. I know it's outstanding other business in my areas, or stuff like that. I feel I'm doing 10 times what other are actually doing, and faster and better. And I'm super proud. But when it's time to communicate, I noticed that some people just do so little, but they speak like if they were doing so much, and they are so confident in the way they speak. They don't repeat two times the same thing in different words, like they just say it really confidently. You know, for me, I feel that's my strongest like weakness. Sometimes people even tell me that I even diminish what I'm doing to look, you know, to look like I don't want to look too proud, or that I have a big ego or whatever. So sometimes I even have the tendency to diminish what I'm doing to like, not raise too much my voice or something, so I really have an issue with that.

Speaker  556906:40
Yeah, I want everybody to hear this, because a lot of people are going to probably feel exactly what Florence is feeling, right? They're doing great. They're doing awesome. But there's probably some other little area, maybe. That it's not so good, or we can't communicate a grip. I'm going to use a line, and I don't know if HR is in the room or they're getting mad at me, but don't let your butt get in the way. And what I mean by don't let your butt get in the way is you just told me all of these things that you were crushing, you were crushing or crushing, and then you said, but I can't really explain it that well, and I'm not really doing the but the but this and what happens is, everything after the butt discredits everything you just said. If you're like, Florence, you're awesome, you're freaking really cool. I really like the way you I really like your accent. You're awesome, but you whatever I'm about to say next is all you're going to focus on, yeah. So if you get to that point, sometimes we just have to be like, talk about the good and don't tear down my own business. This is going well. This is going well. This is going well, period. End of sentence. Let's quiet and let that just resonate for a second. Let the good resonate without backing that up with a but XYZ. And sometimes that comes from, sometimes that comes from childhood, sometimes that comes from childhood. Sometimes that comes from like, the way we're growing up, and sometimes that comes from not wanting to feel braggadocious, right? Absolutely. It's like, hey, if I say all of these good things and I don't, then tear myself down a little bit, people aren't going to like me. No, you can be really confident you're a genuine person. I could tell that from the the 30 seconds you just spoke to me, genuinely talk about the things that are going good in your business, and also say it with good energy. Yeah, it like we are outgrowing our business 10x we only started our business a year ago. Like, if I think sometimes it does, body language plays a lot of that and probably like, the studying that I've done with motivational speaking has come a lot to that. But for everybody out there who has to communicate things nonverbal, body language says a lot. I could probably get you guys super excited about some really bad news, just by the way, I would tell it to you guys. Guess what? The founders club is stopping. Oh my god. Nobody's gonna have anywhere to talk anymore. The whole group is not gonna be there. Nobody's gonna have anywhere to go. Anywhere to go but he, but he's gonna be cool. Guys. Listen up. Listen, this is so it's so cool. None of you are gonna be friends after this. Okay, so hold on hug. So wait, all I'm doing there is, I'm trying to get you excited about something that you're like, I this guy makes it kind of sound like it's good news. Should I did it be good news? Now, Florence, you're actually giving good news. Just let it be good news.

Speaker  598133:20
Let it be good thank

Speaker  599045:20
you. You're so welcome. Own it body language, and then also get your butt out of the way.

Speaker  600677:20
Aaron, go for it.

Speaker  601749:20
Oh, sorry, guys. I was on mute. I'm just handing out handling a situation now that I want to talk to it. First of all, Florence, I want to say something to you. I think quiet confidence and quiet success is incredibly sexy. And I'm not talking about like erotica sexy. I'm just saying it's very cool. I would much rather be sitting next to you and know that you have a 50% profit margin you sold $1.5 million of sales last year, versus the person with a glass of wine a Rolex on who made 20,000 last year and has 3 million Instagram followers. So don't feel that you need to broadcast your success. Just knowing how successful you are is a wonderful, wonderful thing. Just want to kind of give you that permission for yourself.

Speaker  614485:20
Yeah, I agree, and thank you for bringing that up. I think the area that it's harder is because in I'm in the service phase, so I'm a digital marketing agency and for teachers to potential clients and stuff. I'm often against a competitor that is probably having a more confident communication and is more about bragging or something. So I need to find a sweet spot there, right? But yes, I think you're right, and I have to appreciate that. It's my personality, and it's a strength and not a weakness, but to find the proper value is probably

Speaker  626512:00
awesome. So Brett, my question, oh,

Speaker  626896:00
sorry. One more thing to Florence there, Florence, to follow that up, is also practice with something that has nothing to do with your business. If you were inviting us to a birthday party like sell us. Sell us on coming to your birthday party and sell us on why it's the coolest thing. The coolest thing that we should all go to just practice getting that out there with some good excitement and talking about it. And Aaron is exactly right. The loudest person in the room is usually not the most confident. The person who says the person who says the least is usually the most confident, as I've been, the one talking the most, and, you know, hiding all my insecurities behind my humor? Yes. So, thank you absolutely. So, yeah, I 100% agree with what he said there.

Speaker  637002:39
Okay, Brett, so my question for you, I'm actually handling a situation now. So for context, I own a moving company. We're of a certain size now, like today, we have four moves happening with 20 guys out on the road. Wow, it's. Bigish Company, My blood is boiling, as I said for you here today, because I'm handling a situation where we have a packing partner. We work with many different packing partners. 99.9% of them are the most lovely women who make our days fabulous. They praise the team. The team loves them. Today, on one of our moves, we have this packing partner who is a nuisance. She's annoying, she's naggy. And every one of the five movers on the job, it's a two day, huge, six bedroom house move, they're like, Aaron, can you please switch me off this job? I don't want to go back to it. And meanwhile, this, this pack, this packing partner, like this move will be like a $6,500 move. But I just want to, like, wring this lady's neck and because she's being rude to my children, which are my staff, you know what I'm saying. So my question for you is, I've kind of made the emotional choice with how I'm feeling right now. I'm like, think about if you guys have kids and someone's bullying your kids at the playground, like you want to fucking kill that person or that kid who's bullying your kids, right? I want to just refuse to kind of ever work with this lady again, and still go through day two tomorrow, but it may be a loss of, I don't know, 3040, 50 grand of revenue in a year. Yeah. What's your what's your take on that

Speaker  661733:20
you took the example that was probably going to give right out of your mouth, of like, if somebody is disrespecting a family member or something, there's, there's a big difference between like, coming down to somebody's level, and also just the boundary that you need to have to save your energy. And I used to do this with coaches. When I used to help other coaches start their online coaching business, and a lot of them would come from the fitness industry, and they would have to come into, you know, they're coming into their coaching business, they're growing their coaching business. And everybody had this one client that they could relate to, and it's usually the client that wants the most discounts, that wants the most stuff, that ends up being the nightmare, right? And you have to ask yourself, is the nightmare of working with this person worth the 40k and if it is, I would say, let's stop complaining, or whatever the number was, you know, try to put good energy to it and say, like, this is worth it. This is worth the the struggle with this woman, and I'm just going to make this happen. And if she's not worth that punter to the road and go find that, that money somewhere else that has good energy in it, because you'd probably rather take half of that with having, with not having this, this pain in the ass in your life, than having to work with this person. So sometimes it just feels like the not like, like thinking with your brain and thing with your heart your brain is saying, Don't Be Dumb. This is money coming in. Like, why would I turn this away? But if you are thinking with like, your gut, your intuition, your intuition is like, life will be so much happier, and I will be able to call in almost like karma. I'll be able to call in good stuff from the universe. If I get rid of this lady and say, we don't work with anybody. Has anybody ever heard of 29 zero? 29 but it's a Jesse Itzler climb. And basically they go out to the mountain. You climb this like the equivalent of Everest. You don't actually climb Everest, but you climb like the equivalent elevation of Everest. And anyway, him and his Jesse, it's learned his CEO. They have two company core values. And I think Aaron, this is going to really help you. They own, they started this company, and they only have two company core values. One is enthusiasm always, and the other one is no assholes, no ass. We don't we don't hire assholes. We don't work with assholes. We don't have assholes for clients.

Speaker  696437:20
Done. We're firing this client. Let's go see you later.

Speaker  697877:20
Bring in the good energy in. And I'm telling you that will come back to you tenfold, it'll come back to you tenfold, because you just, you don't want to deal with it. That's not who you guys are. That's not the values that you portray. And guys, at some point, you may have to get rid of a client, because guess what, they're not their energy that you want to put out. So good for you. Man, super pumped on that. Okay, thank you guys. Appreciate that. You're so welcome, man, yeah, you keep putting out good in the world, you'll find somebody will replace that person, and you'll be 100 times happier to work with them

Speaker  705696:00
instead. Agreed for sure.

Speaker  706608:00
Mark, go for it, buddy.

Speaker  707216:00
Hey, Brad, great chat. There's like, I love your QD, Q framework, and like, I want to like, chat about the quality component of it. Like, how do you, like, ensure that the quality of your decision making is good? Because the speed is kind of obvious, and, you know, I subscribe to that, just make the decisions quicker. Generally, they don't matter that much. But like, the quality component. How do you think about that?

Speaker  713493:20
Think about what it there's kind of a couple parts to it. The first one is, what is the ripple effect of this decision? Right? How big of a decision is it? If it's like, do I have, you know, do I do chocolate protein in the smoothie, or vanilla? It's like, just, just live your life gone. But if it's a bigger decision, like, if you're talking about, like, a decision that, like, Hey, we're about to make, could the whole company change, or could something change there? You're probably not going to make that in five minutes. I do think that most times what your initial decision would have been is still going to be the decision in a month from now that you would have thought more. You get more data. And it's almost like when a client, or you're on a sales call and somebody's like, hey, I want to think about it. They don't really need to think about somebody like, Hey, I just want to like, you know, I just need some more information, and I'm going to go back and think about it well. My rebuttal to that is always, well, there's no more information off of this call. If I'm the one who has the service, the only way you're gonna get more information is can by continuing to talk to me, right? So let's stay here, and let's continue to have this conversation and get you the information you're looking for. And if it's a no, it's a no. But ask yourself, what like the quality of the decision is the first one, and then ask yourself, how many other decisions does this decision impact, and what is the cost of the turnaround, meaning, if I make this decision, and in a month from now, I realized it was the wrong decision, how quickly can I turn around? Or what is the cost of making that decision or coming back to it? Because Mark I could, I could argue with, and this is where people like to kind of press, like to kind of press on, press it. And I like, you know, I like the challenge of this, but people will be like, but if I make the wrong decision, it's going to cost me money. But I'm also asking, you know, my follow up to that is, what is it costing you to wait a month without making a decision? Because that could be just as much, if not more. Yeah, it might cost you less to make the wrong decision quickly, figure that out, pivot, then make the right decision and reap the rewards of that. So let me ask you, Mark, is there a decision that you are referring to specifically,

Speaker  745205:20
not in particular serious, how you thought about quality, but that helps, man,

Speaker  746229:20
thanks Absolutely, absolutely, and it's different for everybody else. I always like to say, if you normally take a week to make a decision for the next month, practice cutting that in half for every week long decision mark would make you now have three days for every three day decision you have. You now have a day for every day decision you have. You now have an hour for every hour decision you have. You make it. Make it right this second, and just practice that see how uncomfortable that makes you, but that's where you start to flex. Back to what Nicole was saying, is like, that flexes the confidence muscle that like, Hey, I'm getting better at this decision making thing, and I'm realizing that all these decisions that I thought were so massive are actually not that big. They're all becoming like the protein. Yeah. Totally. Okay. Cool. Great question.

Speaker  757632:00
Tara Thanks, Clay, Hey, Brett. I just wanted to say I love your delivery. I love the tone of your voice. I love the energy that you're bringing and authenticity that you're bringing. I just really wanted to compliment you on that. And I had a kind of a you question more than a me question, what? What's your, what's your big, hairy audacious goal for the next one to three years?

Speaker  763898:40
Oh, that is a great question. First of all, thank you for the compliments. I really appreciate that. I feel like I've put a lot of a lot of reps and a lot of mistakes and a lot of things into the speaking, and I'm glad that it's, it's coming across. So, yeah, my big hairy audacious I have, like, Clay said, I have a book coming out that I've been working on for like, almost two years now that it's coming out in spring, and we have a couple of, you know, more big decisions to make on that before that is fully ready to be released. But I'm really going all in on speaking Tara, I have really slowed the coaching side of my business. I love coaching in groups like this and actually coming into other people's programs, as opposed to, you know, working in my own that I've kind of dissolved that at the moment. But I want to be, I want to be one of the best speakers on in confidence in the industry. And I want to be known as the go to speaker when it comes to confidence. So the confidence guy, which kind of sounds like, I struggle with that a little bit, because it kind of sounds like, oh, like the pickup artist, like this guy knows how to do it. And I'm like, Really, no, I'm not the most confident person in in many rooms, but I know what helps me get to the decision, yeah. So I feel like, kind of, you know, some self deprecating humor and and working on some, some small daily habits are really where, where I try to go after that, but 100%

Speaker  783898:40
so you want to speak like, Do you have a publicist, an agent? Like, you know, are you? Are you signing someone? Are you booking yourself

Speaker  786016:00
right now, booking myself, looking at potential agents. My wife kind of works with somebody. Mark's going to make me a bang and speaker reel, and we're going to, we're going to take on the world.

Speaker  788544:00
That's amazing. I love it

Speaker  788928:00
good. Thank you so much, Sarah. I appreciate

Speaker  789733:20
it. Juju,

Speaker  790661:20
hi Brad, thank you so much for coming on here. I also really resonated with a lot of the things you said, especially as a ex competitive athlete, I played water polo like throughout college and everything. So you know, there's a lot of translation there, and it's specifically like when you were talking about allowing yourself to also be motivated by fear, and I can see how, you know I could that could be a good force for me too. And my question about confidence is, I feel like I'm fairly confident, like going into things and coming up with. Plans and making decisions. But sometimes I find, like, kind of after the fact that, like, little voice in my head, like, should I have done something differently? Am I? Did I make the right choice? Like, after already happened, and I know that that's not productive at all, because obviously what's done is done. How would you recommend going about like minimizing that voice in the back?

Speaker  806773:20
So great question, Juju. And I think I'm going to go back to one of the quotes I said earlier was be quick to decide, slow to change your mind. And you got to ask yourself, when you are having that either buyer's remorse or that secondary thinking, ask yourself, Am I just nervous to keep going forward, or is there something in me that is saying like, Oh no, no, we made the wrong decision, and flexing that muscle, for all of you, is a game changer of knowing. Is this my intuition telling me something is really wrong here, or is this just a little bit of fear and sometimes juju, like, I'm I am 100% a weirdo, and I will talk it out loud to myself. I'm like, Okay, this is what let's get. What is the fear? The fear right now? Is this okay? And I'm feeling this, and I'm feeling this, and what is this okay? Why am I feeling this? I'm feeling this because that could happen. I'm feeling this because this could also happen. But really, that's, that's kind of normal. That's not really bad. No, we're going the right direction. Good. Let's keep going. And it probably doesn't take 30 seconds, but sometimes talking it out the same way we would if we were talking to each other, you can do the same thing. Does anybody here have a pet? Anybody here have a pet? I have always, I've always made this joke for years that, you know, talking things out with a coach is like one of the best things you can do, because all they're doing is the things that are spinning around in your mental blender. You're having to put into words. And when you put it into words, you get a lot of clarity around what your problem or issue is. I have always said that if you can't, if you're if you can't continually work with a coach, talk to your dog, because your dog won't give you any feedback, but your dog will listen, and you will talk it out to the point you get your answer. And I have, I have a puppy now have, like, a 14 week old dog named Ruby. She's the she's the sweetest. And sometimes on our walk, I'm like, talking it out, and we get back home, and I'm like, Ruby, thank you for helping me solve that problem. Because I just needed to get out of my own head, and I just needed to put it into words. And by putting it into words, you get a lot of clack. Words, you get a lot of clarity. So juju, sometimes you just gotta, like, literally talk it out, not in here, talk it out or with somebody. And a lot of times you like, No, I'm just just a little fear. It's okay. We're going the right direction.

Speaker  841205:20
Thank you. Yeah, I'm, I'm going to do that. I don't have a pet now, but I'll talk to, like, I don't know, a stuffed animal, perfect,

Speaker  843066:40
perfect. Go or go to the park. Put headphones in. Just sit on a park bench and talk to yourself. People think you're on the phone. It's like, the coolest way to, like, use that used to be like, people would put you in a home. Now you're great, and now you're just, like, pop earphones in. You can talk to yourself anytime you

Speaker  846394:40
want. Yeah, and I live in New York City, so I'll blend right in. Absolutely. You'll blend right in.

Speaker  847818:39
Alright. Mike, we got one more time for one more after Mike. So if anybody's got a question, raise that hand up. Thanks.

Speaker  850144:00
Thanks, Clint, and thanks Brett for doing this. It's been super, super helpful. One question that I did have is, you know, I so I come from my background is I spend a lot of time in a high stress industry, finance, and I thought I was pretty good at emotionally regulating until I started my own business. And I'm sure a lot of people can relate, is that the, you know, the highs and lows are just kind of very high, very low, and it's a huge roller coaster. So we sell, you know, fertility supplements, and the best news that we get is, like, you know, I've been struggling with infertility, and you guys helped me have a baby. So like, those are the best, best days that we get. And then you'll have the worst days where, like, you know, you read a customer email that is just like, You guys suck. You're a scam. Why do you take advantage of people like, you know? So, like, you can get that low sometimes. I guess my question is, you know, how do you remove yourself from that and prevent yourself from having those ups and lows and be able to kind of operate at a tighter emotional band, ideally at a higher emotional band, and not let that affect you, but still using it to improve your product or service, whatever, right, like, how do you do that?

Speaker  869989:20
Mike, that's a phenomenal question. That is a phenomenal question. The The first is, is a little advice that an old coach gave me, and that was that feedback is neutral. Feedback is neutral. And if you try to pull out the why, if somebody's like, Mike, this was so great. You guys are amazing. You're all this, yes, but why try to read into the Why are they calling me so great? Why are they saying our product is so great? What result did they get? And why is this feedback helpful? And then, on the flip side of that, Mike, you're a scam, you're this, you're terrible, You're garbage, you're there. You know that social media post was, was terrible. Why pull out the why? And if. You can't figure out the why get rid of it. It's not helpful, right? If there's then that feedback, again, feedback is neutral, meaning even the best feedback in the world is helping you with something, the worst feedback in the world is helping you with something. So when I started to be like, you know, the best feedback in the world, like, when I'm done with this call, if you guys like Brett, you did such a great job. But yeah, of course, that feels better than that guy sucked. Can we make sure we don't have calls like him ever again? Like, yeah, one of those is going to feel better. But when somebody you know gives me feedback, like, Hey, this is where you were, or like, hey, Bret, if you would have done this, it would have been a little bit better to me. Pull out the y's, put them both on a piece of paper, and they're both really helpful for the next time I talk, right, right? I'm not too emotionally attached to either of them. And sometimes, like, sometimes it means you need a third party. Like, sometimes I'll have my assistant read me reviews and, like, take out whether if it was super great or super something. But like, just give me the nuts and bolts of how I can get better. Like, I don't want to hear 50 times, Brett, you're so great at this, because that's not going to help me get better. I also don't it's not good for my psyche. If a 400 people say, Brett, you're the worst speaker we've ever heard, that's not going to help me move into my next talk, either. So somewhere in the middle is like, really, what is going to help me get better?

Speaker  898560:00
Right? So it sounds like you're saying, you know, don't take it personally and use every opportunity or every feedback as learning and how to improve.

Speaker  900560:00
100% okay? 100% and if you're getting more or one than the other, you got to remember, like, you could be the juiciest peach of all time, Mike, the juiciest peach. And there's still going to be people out there who don't like peaches. They just, they're more apples people, right? So, like, sometimes it's not about you. But also, let's not be dense enough to be like, it's never about you know, sometimes it really

Speaker  906533:20
is right, right. Okay, yeah. One advice I got was like, Okay, if the customer service emails are pissing you off, then don't do that. Hire someone to do it and remove yourself from it, which is great advice. Like, I don't do a lot of anymore. We have a team that does that, but obviously it removes me from the feedback part of it. Yeah, that's what I don't want to do either

Speaker  911610:40
create the funnel. I love the idea of like, you probably shouldn't be doing that, especially if it, like, puts you on this, like, roller coaster of emotion. Have somebody else do it, but just make sure that there's something in your week where those people are like, Hey, these are the 10 Most comments we've gotten. Because I guarantee that you hearing it from your assistant or from somebody isn't going to trigger you as much as hearing it directly from somebody's voice. Yeah, but just create a way where, like you're actually getting the feedback, but it's just not like the punch in the gut that, like ruins your whole day. Put someone in front of you to block it, okay, exactly like a filter you're putting, basically a filter that it has to go through, or a funnel that it has to go through, so you can still get the quality information.

Speaker  921877:20
Got it. Okay? That's super helpful. Thanks. Brett, appreciate it. Amazing.

Speaker  923082:40
So So folks, to kind of wrap this up, clay is, is think about that like the mindset is the macro. The mindset is the macro, and the macro is easy to sweep under the rug, until we realize that it's, it's so important to the mic to the, I'm sorry, the micro, the mindset is the micro, and it's so important, until we realize, like, hey, it does affect the macro parts the big time. So on here, everybody has a solution that could help them. Inga, do what works for you? If it's working great if, if it means you're skipping meals and not sleeping at all, maybe we tweak it a little bit and make it that it can sustain a little bit more. Nicole, stack those little confidence boosters every single day, just like your coach would work out of the day. Boom, check. The check feels good. The check is confidence Juju. Talk it out to yourself and Aaron, let's get that bad that, that bad energy out. Let's fill it with somebody who makes you happy to show up and

Speaker  936661:20
do your job. Sounds good. Thank you. Brett, really appreciate it. Man, you're

Speaker  937749:20
so welcome, guys. This was awesome. I love you. Off anything I can do to help, please let me know. Clay knows how to reach me. Yep.

Speaker  939418:40
Appreciate you, man. I'm guessing we'll be seeing more of you. You're he's a friend of the club, and we'll be doing more chats like this. And if you like you said, if you need to get a hold of hit me up. I'll connect you

Speaker  942522:40
up with them. Amazing, amazing, everyone. I'll talk to you all soon. Alright, I'll see you guys on social media or something.

Speaker  944288:00
Thanks, everybody. Bye, guys, bye.
