Expert Call with Stefano Pretto
Date: April 22, 2025

Speaker  144:00
Okay, you should be able to see my screen. Yeah, here you are with Stefano. He's going to talk about navigating the tariffs and some PPC and other strategies for Margin Protection. Thanks for being here, and I hope you all enjoy it.

Speaker  4320:00
Okay, amazing guys. So let me remove this or let me put it here. Okay, so you see my screen, right? Everything is good, but then, yes, okay, all good. Okay. So, so, first of all, welcome to the call. Thank you for joining the call. I know your time is precious, so I will give as much value as possible in the next 30 to 40 minutes. I know it's a very challenging moment for many sellers. So in the next 30 to 40 minutes, my goal is to share how to stay profitable on Amazon, some key optimization you can make as overall strategies, what I've seen and what we have seen from our clients. So we are managing more than 75 Amazon accounts right now, so we can see what our clients are doing, and I want to share with you what we have seen that they are doing. And finally, I want to share with you 10 different PPC tactics you can implement right now in your account to improve your profit margins. And we are using as a case study one of our client at recruit, Ralph a supplements rent that is doing around $50 million a year. And before starting, I'm Stefan Roberto. I'm the CEO at nomads. We manage over one $20 million in amazon ad spend for our clients, and we've been partnering with MDS for the past two years. And the call is being recorded, and at the end of the presentation, there will be a QR code so you can download this, this presentation, and get all the information that you want. And I know that the period is a very challenging period, so I'm here to answer any question you have on the PPC side, or as an Amazon business, I want to help as much as possible in the next in the next 3040, minutes. So feel free to ask me as many questions as you want. And we are also offering like I was so jumping on course with sellers to us answer any questions they have, so I can add them to improve the profit during this time. So I know that most of you are aware about the tariff, and so many brands are facing higher ended cost, reduced profit margins and cash flow pressure and uncertainty. So it's a very challenging period overall. But what I've seen at this happening that I've seen to some of our clients are really taking this as an opportunity to improve their business. I've seen some clients that fly into Vietnam as soon as they heard about the tariff to find new manufacturers and a few other strategies, they they're implementing their business to improve their business. So I know it's a challenging moment, but I also see that this as an opportunity to keep improving our business. For example, some of our clients, they weren't selling in Europe, and now they're really involved to start selling more in Europe, to diversify their business. And before moving forward, I want to ask you a quick question. We divide our customer in these five categories. So we have products made in the USA. We have clients that so clients that were selling mainly products made in USA. We have clients who have lots of inventory on Amazon, so they are waiting to see what to do after, we have clients that are manufactured only in China, and they cannot relocate their suppliers in any other country after we have China based, but they can relocate. So they are moving the manufacturer away from China, and they're moving to Vietnam or other countries. And finally, we have Amazon sellers who are mainly Europe focused, or they're selling mainly in Europe, and that is their main channels. I want to quickly ask to the chat which of these five Europe you are? Like, are you mainly made in USA, or you have lots of inventory and you're waiting what to do? Like, can you write in the chat so I can I understand better your position and C and E? Okay, so China only. You cannot relocate China base, can you locate a Made in USA? That's good

Speaker  65376:00
and Bs, okay. BNC,

Speaker  66448:00
okay, okay, see, some people are in Europe, which is good. China base, can you locate USA? It's in China.

Speaker  69023:59
Okay. Thank you for answering it like this must be made in USA. Okay, that's good.

Speaker  71525:20
Okay, China only see,

Speaker  72357:19
okay, I see that we don't have many media we have some media essay, but we are all struggling with the tariff. It looks like we don't have many Europe based brands. I see only one. Only one. Yeah, only one. Okay. So this is good. Thank you for sharing. So I will share, first of all how we see how to optimize the profit as a whole. So I'm going to share some strategies that we share with our clients. Uh, both from our agency side and coaching side. So the first one is that we suggest that to pause new product launches, or to consider to pause new product launches, because this is one of the most cash flow intensive activity you can do in your Amazon business, and because, first of all, you need to buy the inventory and you need to invest in some of the most expensive campaigns that we call a ranking campaign, and you don't know when you will get back your investment. So if you have a problem with cash flow, I will suggest to slowly decrease your product launches right now, especially if we don't know what will happen. So this is the first one. The second one is that we can, we can we suggest to increase pricing, and what we suggest to do is to use the tools like Data Dive with the nice tracker there is under the Monitor tab on the left, under a nice tracker, you can track the competitors, of your top competitors, and see what they are doing and or you can use the tools like keep up for 30 bucks a month. You can analyze quickly the your competitor pricing. And you can also use the API to do to do some cool stuff. But here we suggest, if you decide to increase price, do it slowly and analyze the performance on a weekly and on a weekly basis in terms of revenue and profit. After a few other things, what we know is that it's very important to know our numbers, or to recalculate your numbers, and if possible, negotiate pricing with the shipping companies and manufacturers. Some of our clients, they got a really great deals by just being, being very aggressive with the shipping companies and manufacturers, and they were able to get very good deals. But just keep asking about, keep asking about better ideas to these to this customer. One customer just came back to us, and he told us that he was able to pay upfront the Cox to help in terms of cash flow the supplier, and was able to get a better Cox for his product. This client didn't have a problem with cash flow, but that is another way on how you can improve your profitability overall. And another thing that I just spoke with at another another client last week, and he told me that he discovered that his supplier in China has another partner in Sri Lanka. So now they're moving the man of the the manufacturer, from China to Sri Lanka, and they will avoid the tariff. So I would suggest to speak more with your partners and to ask for better deals. Another one is to decrease brand promotion amount. We haven't seen a strong correlation between brand promotion and incremental revenue. There is something for sure, but we're still not sure how much of incremental revenue we have. And if you're running a lot of coupons or data strategies, I would highly suggest to double check if these are actually helping the overall sales of the company. For example, we have seen for one of our client, they were spending around three to 5k a week in promotion amount in terms of coupons and deals. And we start to slowly, slowly decrease that amount. And we are analyzing with scaling sites if the revenue and profit are improving or not. And for now, we haven't seen any big drop in terms of revenue, and we have seen an increase in profit. So these are a few things that I would suggest to analyze, if you in terms of overall and one other thing that they keep the main thing, the main thing. So focus on your best sellers. Focus on the products are being in the most profit for your business, and do not allow the tariff to take your focus away from your best selling products. We want to focus on this. We want to take action, but we want we don't want to be too emotional. So, and I want to share with you what we have seen our clients doing during this period based on the segment I shared with you before. So we identify five different segments. So we have made in USA, high inventory orders, China only, with no relocation options. China based, but they can relocate. And finally, we have sellers that are selling mainly in Europe. So obviously different challenge, since we are in different categories, you have also different challenges. So we want to apply different strategies. So overall, if you if your product are made in USA, what we have seen that the search volume for these search terms are really increasing very fast. So we have seen a big growth in terms of these search terms. So if you are a sellers, and you're selling mainly made in USA products, what I would suggest to do is to analyze the search terms, see if you can, if you can find any Made in USA search term, and start to target the search terms. And finally, try to add in your listing, mainly in your first image and in your bullet points, if you can add Made in USA, because we have seen a better conversion rate overall. So that is what I would suggest to do. We have a supplements company, and they added that across all their products, and we've seen an improvement, which is great. So if you are made in USA, you have also a big advantage, because on. Most, if most of your competitors are Chinese sellers, it means that you have a big advantage, that that you can invest more to acquire customers compared to them, because they will be impacted from the tariff, but you will not be impacted. So if you're made in USA, you have a big advantage right now. So that is something that you must be aware and I'm sure you're aware of all our clients that are made in USA, they're very happy, and they're trying to push more with PPC or DSP or to go more aggressive to gain more market share after we have high inventory orders. So some of our clients are are waiting to reorder from China and are waiting to see if that is conditional. Are improving. So to be honest, most of them are in this situation where they're just waiting to see what's going to happen. And I feel like is also a smart, smart decision, because we don't know what's going to happen. We have seen a tariff for all countries that are not from China, now they are back to normal, so we don't know what will happen. And for some clients with the containers already coming to the USA, they they leverage the bonded warehouses, where you can, where you can put your your your products, and you can avoid to put to pay tariff, at least until you take out your products, so you can preserve your cash flow, and you can stay flexible and monitor the situation. Um, overall, the cost of these is around from 20 to $40 per pallet a month. But this could help you if you already have, like, a big containers coming to us, and you don't have the cash flow to pay for the tariff, and you want to leverage something else, like bonded the warehouses to avoid you to have a problem with cash flow and to run out of cash, which is which we don't want to do that. So for for these kinds they're just waiting, and they're waiting to see what's going to happen. So no drastic changes overall. After we have some clients that are selling directly to Europe or Canada, and these status are not impacted, but due to the tariff, what we expect is that more competitors are coming to the space, because we are suggesting almost all our clients to enter Europe or go more aggressive in Canada, so invest more effort and more people or more talents into these markets to diversify their business. Because now, for all our clients that did this job before, I see in the face that are way more comfortable. They know, okay, I have a bunch of my revenue is coming from the European markets, and this is good. They make them feel well, so if you're not selling Europe or Canada, I would suggest to try to expand to these countries. Because so for some of our clients, like USA and Europe are almost the same revenue. And for some of our clients, Europe is even bigger than the USA. Again, depends on the products and niche, but there is a big opportunity in Europe, for sure, and after we have some clients that are selling that they cannot relocate their manufacture. So they have the manufacturer in China, but they cannot move it for different reasons, and because maybe there is no there is not the technology in Vietnam oriented countries, or the price is too high. So for these sellers, we were speaking with this toy brand, and they decided to not increase the pricing, or to increase the prices very slow, and they accepted the lower margins for a very long period of time. So for example, these clients, they said, Okay, I will not increase the price. I will let my competitors to increase the price, and I will wait. I will accept a lower profit margins right now, but in two, three months, we will see and we will try to increase the price later on, after our competitors. And in this case, these these clients, they are negotiating with supplier and shipping partners to reduce cost, and in some cases, they are also posing shipment of high cost, lower margin products. So they're analyzing their catalog, and they they're analyzing, okay, what are the products that are actually bringing margins, and what are the products are not bringing margins? And they're posing the products with the high cost and low product, low margin products.

Speaker  224394:40
And after we have made in China, but can move production. So we have a bunch of clients who who are flying to Vietnam, Taiwan or Cambodia or Sri Lanka, and they're trying to find new suppliers so, or they're using agent to do that, or they're using in or they're going to manufacture themselves, but they know that this will take time. So for some of these clients, for example, they they are going they are right now in Vietnam, they're searching for new manufacturers, but there's really increasing pricing at the same time. So they are combined these two strategies to they know that long term, they will be able to diversify their business, but right now they need to improve profit. So they're doing both of these strategies, and they're actually like in Taiwan, Cambodia and so on, to find new suppliers. And so these are few action that our clients are taking. They are working with sourcing agents in Vietnam, Cambodia and Taiwan. Try to graduate, adjusting prices and reviewing performance weekly. And they're avoiding sudden changes. They are negotiating terms with. Supplier and shipping providers. We've seen that our clients got a really great deals by just pushing them a bit more. They're evaluating bonded warehouse, and they're waiting. Most of them, they're waiting to see if the situation will change, since the stock is not an issue. So they have lots of stock already on Amazon, and they're waiting. Some of them, they are expanding to into the European markets, and the relocated time talents and budget to these markets, since they want to diversify more their business. And finally, some of them that are reviewing optimized Cox to the Chris tariff. So, for example, divided util Cox and onutable Cox from the invoice. And we heard the really good things about this by doing this. Obviously not most of you will be able to do it. I know that Brandon young, the founder of Data Dive, did a great master class about this, so I would suggest to go and check it out, because that could really save you lots of money in terms of reviewing and optimizing Cox. I'm not an expert to do that, but I know that Brandon Young is so a few things that they are not doing. So they do. They did not post everything, just out of here. So none of our clients said, Okay, let me post PPC, let me stop doing what I'm doing now. They were quite they were not too emotional, obviously, not very easy, but we don't know what's going to happen. That is the reality. We are in a period where lots of things are happening, but we don't know what will be the end, end state in three months. We don't know if the tariff will still be here in three months, if the tariff will go up, if the tariff will go low, we don't know. So we suggest we don't make drastic changes without data, even the price increases do not increase the price too much, because you will lose the buy box, you will lose the ranking and so on. And I will say, like, don't change everything in a single day. Like, let's go slow, because we can also analyze the market what's happening. And one important point to understand that everyone has the same issue. Everyone is struggling with the same issue. Most of the most of our clients are sourcing from China. So most of your competitors, they have the same issue as you have. So I would suggest to do not panic. Most of them will need to increase pricing. We know that Chinese sellers will find ways to not increase pricing. They will find ways to keep the price relatively low. But still, we know that most of our competitors, Competitors will need to increase pricing. And we've seen it in the markets. Pricing are increasing. We've seen in many markets, pricing are increasing. And finally, do not use DDP shipments. I heard that some sellers wanted to use that, but it's too much on the edge, and we don't suggest that to do that. So these are what our clients are doing in terms of these different customer segments, and I feel like it's useful to know what other sellers are doing, because maybe you could replicate what some of them are doing and and these were more overall high level advices. But now I want to ask, I want to go through the PPC tactics you can implement right now to improve the profit. But first, I don't know if any of you have some question or some anything you want to ask about the previous section. I'm more than happy, but our competitors, okay, okay, but our competitors not increasing pricing. That's the main image. Should have the MIDI or USA flag for for our clients, we added the made USA badge, and we didn't do we suggest the clients to do it, because we don't handle the images. And so they put this badge in the in the main picture, and they were able to get a higher click through rate. So more people were clicking in the in the page. And that is also the awareness in the market more people are looking for made in USA, as you saw from these slides, the search volume for these keywords are going up and up, so we want to put that as the first image or more relevant in our listings.

Speaker  303578:40
Okay, what

Speaker  304186:40
and what to use, if not the DDP. So I know that DDP is you let the manufacturer pay for the tariff or pay for the duties, but we I, from what I understood by speaking with clients, is not the best way to do it. I cannot suggest what else to do, since I'm not an expert with on the shipping side, but I heard that is not the best things to do in terms on the legal side. I'm sure there will be other sellers able to help you, but I know that is is better to not do it. So if you, if you're considered to do it, I will just do your research and see if, if it's actually a good things for to do for your brand, I would really evaluate that us enjoy Muslim in the US. Okay, any other question about these guys, or we can move forward. Let's move forward. Let's do it. Okay? So I want to go through the PPC tactics, because, as you know, Amazon ads can eat up to five to 25% of your total revenue. So how can we optimize PPC to maximize profits? And this is what we did for one of our clients for can, for example, trick equator is a $50 million brand. Is a supplements brand, and we were able to bring them from july 2024, from 3.3 million, with a profit of 400k to 4.8 million, with $800,000 a month in profit margins. So in March 2025, so these are the tactics we apply in this account to achieve the risk results. Obviously, we did something else, but I'm sure that if you apply some of them, your profit margins will improve. I'm I'm very confident about that. So first of all, I always say about clients is focus on the basics. So these are things that we want to do and that we don't want to do. So for example, the first thing we want to do, we want to always to segment branded keyword and on branded keyword. We will see later on why this is important. So if your shoes are Nike, we don't want to have a Nike with men shoes. We want this to separate these two keywords. And I still see lots of clients that are doing these mistakes. So I would suggest to segment this keyword, because these branded keywords should have different targets, and we will see that later on after I would suggest know your numbers by tracking the ranking and market share with Data Dive and scaling sites for each parent agent. What you want to do? You want to have a ranking and a rank radar where you're tracking the rank for your men best seller parent agents, and you can use also scaling sites, but I still prefer Data Dive to do that. And our company, we still use Data Dive to do that after we always keep one ad group for each campaign and one nice type for each ad group. So we want to keep things simple, because simple scale fancy fails, and want to keep things as simple as possible we can, because we can optimize them a few things we don't want to do, like I always see that we are always overspending on product page placements for our sponsor product campaigns. So what I would suggest is to analyze with the sponsored product reports, placements. Reports. You can analyze the product page placements and results, and you can see that most likely you're overspending that there, and the ecosystem is very high. Another thing that I would suggest is that most likely your understanding on rest of search and top of search and so product page, most of the time, is where we have the highest takers and the lowest conversion rate. And we want to decrease the spend as much as possible there after we don't want to run vCPM campaigns. I still see these campaigns. These campaigns are based on views and not clicks. And we don't like these campaigns because these campaigns, they're not telling us the real picture of our of our Amazon VPC performance. So we always stop these campaigns, and we always convert them in a cost per click campaign. Do not use more than 50 keyword per campaign. So inside the campaign, we should have one campaign, one ad group, one match type with 50 keyword Max, because if we have more than 50 keyword, what we know that the spend distribution across these 5050, or more keyword is really bad. So we will have a lot of keyword with a very low amount of clicks, and we cannot take a decision based on on a very low amount of clicks. We don't want that. So we suggested to have 50 keywords or less per campaign. And another big one is to never run out of budget for your campaigns. So I'm a big believer that you should never run out of budget for your campaigns, because your campaigns should always stay on budget with a lower ACOs, or you should scale your campaigns to spend more money if you can afford to, if your tacos allows to so if you just take care of the basics here, and you do this, you your profit will be better. I'm I'm very sure, because we do this, we've done this many times, and seven things like the crystal of other companies now is not the time where I think, especially if you have a problem with profitability. So again, the goal here is to improve profitability. I would highly suggest to decrease the DSP spend sponsor display and sponsor brand campaigns. What we are aiming for for our clients is that for sponsor display to spend less than 2% of the PPC ad spend for sponsored brand and sponsored brand video, less than 10% of the PPC ad spend and for the DSP, consider to stop it. So if you feel like you have a really big problem in terms of profitability, this is what I would aim for again. If you have any question or any doubt again, every account is different, feel free to send me an email or contact us, and I will be more than happy to jump on a call and analyze your business. But overall, what we've seen you should focus on your sponsored product campaigns first, because these campaigns are still helping us the most in terms of organic sales. So I will not overspend on sponsored display or DSP or sponsor a brand, because these are not helping as much as sponsored product campaigns. Okay? So. So we have focused on the basics, the crystal performance campaigns, and then we have managed branded keyword. For some of our clients. We are spending quite a lot on branded keyword. And first of all, the main issue is that these are aggregated. So we have Nike shoes with men shoes in the same campaign. We don't want that. We want to have Nike shoes in one campaign and men choose in another campaign. Once we have done that, we want to aim for an ACOs that is below 15% when profit is not an issue, but when profit is an issue. We want to aim for even lower, because we don't want to overspend on these campaigns. So here, what we suggest also is to aim for top of search only for your sponsor, product ads. So for your branded keyword, you should aim to get clicks on your top of search. And here is an example. So for example, for this campaign, is a branded keyword campaign, we have, we have an ACOs of 10% and we're getting clicks on your top of search. So that is what we want to achieve for our branded keyword. We want to get clicks on rest of search or product page. We want to get clicks on the top of search, but you can do this optimization only after you have you have segmented the campaign, so branded keyword and on branded keyword, okay, after I ever stop what's not working. So this is something that we should do already, but what I would suggest is to go a bit more aggressive when cutting bidders and anything that is not working. So there is a simple process you can go through, like every every week. And this process is analyzed search term with zero order in the last 30 days. So you can go in the sponsored products report. You can use scanning sites. You can use, I think, screening sites. You can do it. We use our software to do it. But you can go in your addressing console, download the report for your search terms and analyze all the search term with zero order in the last 30 days, and see if you see any search term that is getting clicks and is not relevant for your product that we should negative exact so after, after you have done that, you want to do the same for the keyword. So we go analyze all our keyword with zero order in the last 30 days, and we always have to buy ad spend, and we see if we find any keyword is not relevant that we are spending on. And finally, we want to do the same for campaigns. So campaigns with zero order in the last three days, this will help us to quickly understand where we are getting the clicks and where we could optimize our ad spend, because maybe most of the time we are always spending on keyword or search term or campaign, we should not spend on the five. We just don't look enough into these numbers. So that is what I would suggest to do, stop what's not working after we have a limit testing. So for some of our clients, we were running out quite a few amount of testing campaigns. For example, frequently bought together campaigns or or sponsor display audiences, campaigns, but we decided with the client to to put on all these testing campaigns and focus only on what's working. It's, it's it's worth to run a testing campaigns when, when we want to scale account, when we want to find new things we want to optimize in the account, but when you want to start, but in this period, what I would suggest is to focus on what's working. And I will not suggest to start the new campaigns or using automation to find new keywords. For that reason, we don't use automation, and we don't start any and we start to decrease the amount of new campaigns in our accounts after

Speaker  454101:20
we have recalculated your numbers. So due to the different cogs, we want to recalculate our target ACOs and take us on a parent easy level to achieve our target margin percentage. So this will help you your agency or your team to know your the new targets. Because when we give our agency or our team a clear targets, they will know exactly what to do on the PPC side to achieve these goals, or at least they should know and also a lower target, ACOs means a lower CPC we should aim for. So we should see a lower CPC moving forward. So it's very important to understand this number. We suggested this target to be on a parenthesis level, and so it's that easy for the team to optimize the PPC based on these targets, and we can use scaling sites to quickly see, to quickly see what is our target takers, and take us on a parenthesis level. I talked about that in the previous webinar, but that is what you want to do. You want to have clear targets, especially due to the different cogs after we have a stop advertising for products you want to renew. So if you know that you will not renew a product, or you know that this product, you will not reorder because tariff will be twice, what I would suggest is to focus on profitability first. Do not run out of budget. Campaigns, decrease bids and targets and achieve a lower rate cost if need, if needed. So do not aim to keep growing the product. Aim for profitability. And this is connected also to this topic, which is advertised only best seller variation. So most of the when you have lots of variation in your account, what happens most of the time that you start to spend across all the catalog. You don't want to do that even like. Your parent is in you will have, let's say 20 variation, maybe five of them are bringing 80% of the sales, but you will say that most of the spend is is spread across all the variation we don't want that. We want to spend on the variations that are bringing the most sales for the company. And that is also helping you in terms of tacos. So by analyzing the spend very the spend across different variation, you will be really able to improve your profit overall. And okay, this is a bit more technical and but we have seen this happening in the past, in past month, which is the off Amazon ads. So Amazon start to spend more of for sponsored product campaigns of Amazon. So we have seen that there is these new settings where a sponsored product can spend outside Amazon. We don't know where these sponsored products are appearing, which is very annoying. And by default, Amazon is putting these as maximize reach, which means that they can increase as much as as they want the impression, as much as they wanted to achieve results in terms of impression and opportunities for sales. But we don't want that. We want to minimize our sales. So for that reason here, we always change the settings to minimize sales spend. So you can find these settings under sponsored product. If you go inside any sponsored product campaigns under campaign settings, you can see the setting and you can change that. And to do that analysis, you just need to go under measurement reporting, under sponsored ads, report, Create Report, use this configuration. So you want to analyze placements for the last 30 days, for example. And you want to analyze only off Amazon ads. And here you can see, for each campaign, for each sponsored product campaign, what is, what is the spend and the sales of Amazon, which is something you cannot see in the advertising console. So that is something that you want to do, especially if your ad spend is very high. For for example, for this account, we spend $400 with a $100 100% ACOs, which is something that we don't like much. So we want to optimize this. And I will suggest to check this on a monthly basis and to quickly see if you're overspending outside Amazon. One few other a few other things. So stop ranking and paying some product with low potential. So we have seen that some of our clients, they have products with a very low rating, or they know that they will not perform very well, and they're still spending quite too much money on the most expensive campaigns, which are the ranking campaign on Amazon. But while you should aim to get as many clicks as possible with very low CPC, so if you if you have a product with low potential, so you know that you cannot grow much more. Do not spend on the most expensive campaigns, which are the ranking campaign. Focus more on what we call the wide campaign. So automatic campaigns, broad match campaigns, sponsor brand. Broad match campaigns. Try to get as many clicks as possible with very low CPC. That is what you should aim for. So make sure to analyze all the products with low potential, so low rating that they are not able to get the product market fit, or you want to get able to get sales velocity or ranking here, what I would suggest is to go with another strategy, which is aimed to get as many clicks as possible with very low CPC, with automatic campaigns, product match campaigns and SBV, broad match campaigns. One last thing I want to share with you is to analyze the listing with frequently returned badge. So this is something new that Amazon introduced across lots of niches. Before it was only into the electronics niche, but now it's across all the niches on Amazon, which is now some variation we showed this badge. And what I would suggest is to check the performance of your ads for these products and each set is not performing very well. Try to redirect the spend to another variation if the other variation are performing better. So first analyze if you have this badge in your product listings, hopefully not, but if you ever try to move the spend from the the from other to other variation. So from this variation to other variation to improve the conversion rate and improve the echoes. So overall, these are the summary of everything I discuss in the next in the past 37 minutes, which are make sure you have the foundation correct. So what we discussed before, track search volume. So make sure you're analyzing the search volume for your meeting us for USA, for example, define a new ACOs and decose Target. I would limit the testing your account. I would cut at the top of underspend. I would reduce the spend for our render keyword. I would cut the spend on that products. I would really go aggressive to our bleeders, so search them with zero order. Cure with zero order. Campaigns with zero order I would analyze the variation and see if we are allocating the spend in a, in a in a bad way. I would hold off on your logic launches. Or at least I will. I will not go as aggressive as before, especially if, if we have a problem with the. Cash Flow. I would keep analyzing the competitor pricing with niche tracking and with Data Dive. And finally, I will only use ds strategically so we not use lots of promotion. I will try to analyze this promotion, and I will make sure that we're using the right promotion in our account. So here you have the QR code on the on the bottom, bottom right, with that, you can scan and you can download the the presentation. And if you need our help, and if you want me to help you during or any question you have, I'm more than happy to answer any question and on a call or with a free audit of your account, and no strings attached. And we are here to help. We partner with MDS for a long time, so we want to give back to the community as much as we can, but let me know if you have any question in the chat below, I can go through again any PPC question or

Speaker  575018:40
that you have,

Speaker  575754:40
but yeah, I hope that was was used for the presentation.

Speaker  577184:00
Do you guys have any questions you would like to ask

Speaker  579344:00
the PPC side?

Speaker  581792:00
Okay? Back, but yes again. If you have any question, any doubt, feel free to reach out to me. We are more than happy to do an audit of your account, and no strings attached, and we're here to help. And you can, again, download the slides on the QR code here on the border, rhyme, water, right. Let me know if it's working. I hope it's working. And and, yes, I really hope the presentation will be useful.

Speaker  591418:40
Thank you, Aries, appreciate that. Awesome? Okay, awesome.

Speaker  594160:00
Stefano, that was great.

Speaker  595040:00
I don't know if you went through the other questions that you got. Did

Speaker  596992:00
Yes, you see it? Thank you. Imran, okay, awesome. Thank you Bertrand, okay, you said that it's better to spend in top of search, but this is likely to be more expensive. What do you think about really low bid campaigns? Probably not. Okay, so I decided to spend. This is a great question. So top of search. Yes, you're right. It tends to be the most expensive placements for our campaigns, but I said to spend, especially in top of search for our branded keyword. So for our branded keyword campaign, let me share my screen. And so here, I agree with you. Not in all campaigns, we want to spend on top of search, but in this case, I'm talking only about the branded keyword. For our branded keyword, we should see a very great conversion rate and a quite low CPC, so we should still see a great ACOs. So I'm not suggesting to do that across all your campaigns. I'm suggesting to do that especially for your brand keyword campaigns, because yes, you're right. Top of search tends to be the most expensive placement for our campaigns, I'm going to say you also want two different campaigns, right? So just correct. Yes, that's correct. Dave, so yes, for we have two different campaigns. We have a brand keyword campaign, so we have defense PDP campaigns. So defense PDP campaigns, these campaigns are defending our own products, so we are doing cross selling with other products. And for these campaigns, we should aim for a product page only. We should aim for a product page only. And yes, we should aim for a profitable ecos. I didn't add it to the presentation, but yes, that's right. Dave, yeah, you have experience on keep sales and everything says, like, if other companies are reducing, to make sense, you have experience on keep says reducing. Okay, so you're saying, Okay, we reduce the ads on our branded name, and they say, stay the same. Yes, we noticed that sometimes, like we see, I remember we took over an account where the ACOs for their branding keyword was around 35% and they were spending around 10k a month in Brandon keyword, we were able to bring it back to 15% and nothing changed on the brand that says, which is amazing. So they were able to keep the same amount of say. So yeah, branded keyword that we know there is a bit of cannibalization. So for that reason, I would suggest, to even be more profitable, and during this time to increase the ad spender. How do you set the goals for the account, profit, tacos, margins or policies? So, yeah. So here we have a file that we use internally, but we prefer the best way to do it is through understanding the. Percentage. So for example, we have a supplements company where we want to have, they want to have a margin percentage of 20% when we know that amount. So when we know, okay, we are aiming for a 20% profit margin percentage, we know what is the tacos we should aim for, and that is also telling us what is the profit we should aim for. And so that is what, what we are doing. So we mainly use the margin percentage, and based on that, we define the targets. But, and we always do that on a parent is in level. We never do that on a child is in level because we don't think that the using child is in level is the best way and to to set the targets, because one child days in level, one child days in could lose money, but other child days in could bring lots of profit for the company. So,

Speaker  653258:40
so yes, I hope it makes sense,

Speaker  654426:40
but thank you for the question like that,

Speaker  655994:40
surgery. Okay, I think I answered everything, any other question, anything else I can help with.

Speaker  659136:00
I think we are good. Ben, I think

Speaker  659728:00
so too.

Speaker  660656:00
Thank you so much for being here and for sharing so much value with our members, and the recording will be up very, very soon, in case you want to watch this again and see you soon. Stefano and everyone, amazing. Thank you

Speaker  664965:20
for joining the call guys. And yeah, happy. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Brian, super nice. Bye, everyone. Bye. Ciao, bye, bye.
