2. Aaron Biner_1
Date: July 09, 2025

Speaker  00:00
So I'm going to talk a little bit about dominating PPC with variations. Spoiler alert, there's one thing on here. You're definitely in a spot that is a crossover with Jason's earlier. So definitely take notice of that. It's a great strategy. Little bit about me. I'm from San Francisco, Bay Area. I'm a seven figure seller on Amazon. I started out in 2008 when I was selling footwear in a wholesale situation, and eventually started private label, mainly in toys. So my business is highly seasonable. I also offer a another service called marketplace nerd. I help people with PPC and consulting as well, mostly six and seven figure brands, some beginners, but I that's not really my thing. I'm into some things like fitness, hobbies, sports, fashion, that kind of thing. So the basics of variations. A lot of you guys know this, so I'm gonna breeze right through it, but just to kind of lay a ground so you have simple variations that just have like one thing, like size, like medium, small, different count packs, different ounces, and then it gets more elaborate with the multi variations, similar what Jason was talking about with the sweat pants, where you could have 12 different colors in all different sizes. That's where PPC gets even more intricate and more difficult. So what are the pros of having more variations? The pros is just like Jason was saying earlier, you keep more people on your page. Getting them to your page is half the battle. Once they get there, that's when that you can possibly upsell them, sell them more variations, sell them more sizes. An example on the screen here is pajamas. I've sold pajamas in the past. The best one was like the unicorn pajama, but people would come there, and then they'd wind up buying the unicorn one, and then something for their brothers or sisters or whatnot, or more sizes. There's also a great chance to play games. That's what Jason was talking about, selling people with a cheaper price to get them up sold to another product. So for example, you might advertise the unicorn one for 1599 Whereas you might advertise the other ones that are not as popular for 1999 it's an opportunity to sell them a higher price product or more units. What are the cons? Sometimes when you have too many variations, and we've all seen this, you get analysis paralysis. You get somebody into the door of your listing, and then they're like, Wow, I have 45 different colors to choose from. And then they just say, Oh, screw it. I'm going to click back and look at something else, so be careful. And sometimes when you add variations to an existing parent, you actually just get sales cannibalization. So imagine you have three different variations, and maybe you're making $30,000 in sales a month, and you add four more variations, and at the end of two or three months later, you're still making the same amount of sales, so you haven't really gained anything by adding more adding adding more variations. So it's it's a tough thing. We have to decide whether it's the right thing or not, and if variations are certain ones aren't working, it's best to cut them for the purposes of analysis paralysis. So a little bit about the basics. Obviously, the purpose of PPC is for keyword ranks and to advance your profits. So the biggest factor is the search term, right? You have to make sure that the search terms you're picking are great in general, initially for all of your variations. So what we typically do is advertise to all the variations on something when it's brand new. Figure out which ones are the best converters, the best sellers, and then narrow it down to just advertising those ASINs, even if it's size based. So an example, you could be advertising all the sizes of a pajama or all the sizes of sweat pant. And then if you know, basically, you figure out which sizes sell the best only advertise those, because if you run into stock issues with the best selling ASINs, then you wind up running ads that get people into your product detail page, and then you don't have stock on the best sellers, and you're pretty much, you know, it's not going to go anywhere. So it's important to make sure that all the keywords that you're running are relevant. I love running keywords that are like style specific, or color or size specific, if we have clients, or if I'm have a product in my own library that fits that. And it's really important because you can only rank one. Like Jason was saying, one variation per search term. And, you know, it gets really intricate as to how, which one you can rank technically. And Jason touched on that earlier. I think that's really important. Profits when is too much. PPC, a lot of people love to run the same terms to every single Asin. I like to run them to every single ace in the beginning, judge over the next 234, weeks, which one, which ones fit and which ones convert the best, and then cut the PPC off of the ASINs that aren't selling. So example I'm going to give in a case study. A little later, we ran PPC to all the different variations, or at least the two main ones, and then we figured out which one was the best. Converting. You have to figure out which one people are more likely to purchase. Sometimes that's not so obvious. Sometimes you think a cheaper one's going to be better, and it doesn't really necessarily work. Again, upselling is really an underrated strategy. Jason touched on that earlier. That's part of my presentation as well. Well. So the goal is to spend the dollars as wisely as possible. We want to figure out what's the best variation. So again, systematically test, measure and cut. You should use term. You should use products like Data Dive. I love that one for doing your keyword research to find the general terms. You can run dives on style specific so for example, unicorn pajamas, cat pajamas. You could go compare all of them, find the best keywords that are cat related, unicorn related and so forth. Then track all those keywords, including the general terms, and try to see which ones are making you the most money by using something like scale insight or seller board. I love scale insight because you can see the conversion on the parent level, as well as on the variation level, and figure out which variations are your best converters. So basically, you start with to an approach where you start with a funnel at the highest with all the terms and all the variations, and figure out narrow it down as time goes on, that can take a couple of weeks. That can take a couple of months, even as you add new variations on, you have to judge whether those variations should be advertised or not positive. So Amazon basically operates on signals to the A nine algorithm. We want to have as many positive signals as possible. That's why we don't want to run PPC to variations that don't move well, things like add to carts, conversions and so forth. Are positives negatives are the exact opposite. When people come to your page and they get analysis paralysis and they leave that can actually hurt your rank. So you want to avoid that by only advertising the ASINs that matter the most and the terms that matter the most to those ASINs. So just look at your initial data, figure it out and and expand the targeting if needed. So example, if you're running PPC to kids pajama size eight, maybe run broad and phrase in those two because it'll eventually start working its way out, and you'll find more terms that work. A lot of you know that already, but you should be definitely tracking those keywords now. When you're selling variations, you have to figure out which one's the best seller. Sometimes cheaper packs are not necessarily the best seller. Most of the time they are, but sometimes those packs are not in those are not convenient packs. For example, if you're having a water balloon fight, would you buy 25 pack of balloons? Or would you prefer 100 pack? Well, maybe one Kat, you know, one family might want a smaller pack, because their Balloon Fight is going to be smaller, but not necessarily. So sometimes the bigger pack counts do a lot better. So you just have to experiment and try it and see which ones do better. And that's part of what my case study is about. So this is actual case study. I've actually changed the product and it's but it's a comparable product. Okay? So the product you see is like, very comparable, but it's not like exactly the same product. So this is a 12 month product that we've done this over 12 months. It is a bulk product that could go in a lot of it could be used for a lot of things. It could be as a party favor, school fairs. There's a lot of carnivals. They have little school fairs, and you play games. It could be used as a stocking stuffer, especially if you had multiple children. It could be used as a bulk gift a lot of times. Some of the elementary schools will give gifts to the kids at the end of the school year or or just like, Thank you for coming to my birthday party, kind of gift. So we initially started out with just one ace, and it was a 12 pack. And we did our Data Dive. We ran PPC. We did 5k in sales, initially with 11% conversion. If you know anything about PPC, it's pretty good to have 11% conversion. They were doing no search, find, buy or anything like that, just vine. And that was it. Tacos is 38% that was a partial month. Eventually, by month three, we're up to 20k in sales conversion was relatively the same, and tacos started to come down. So what happened? Eventually, after month four, we said, oh, let's add a bigger pack. So we added a 24 pack. I figured, well, this is a way more expensive pack than the 12. We're not going to advertise all the keywords, so we just advertise keywords that involve the word bulk. And guess what? That helped us bulk up on our sales. So we went to all the way from, you know, from 41 to 69k in sales. Our tacos got lower. We were running really specialized PPC to those, the 24 pack and the 12 pack was basically cooking, and it was doing really well. And then we got into the Christmas season. October, we added a six pack because we figured, and this was when vine would allow you to get the 30 reviews, like for just anything you wanted to do. So we we launched the six pack as a solo asin put it in vine. Two weeks are going by. Every day is going by. No one is taking this. I guess when the products are too cheap, Vine reviewers don't want to take it, so like it was 999, and nobody was taking it. It's either that or they just didn't want to bother to review something that cheap. I'm not really completely sure. So we ran, when I did that, I was running all the PPC terms that I was running on the 12th.

Speaker  158538:40
Are you doing the 612, to 24 by virtual bundle? Or you actually,

Speaker  159626:40
actually, so it. A separate asin the six we had the 12 and 24 were together. Most of the PVC was running to the 12, and just bulk terms the 24 then i was running. Add the separate ace and the six pack, all the general terms to the six pack. But it wasn't really doing as well conversion wise, and it really wasn't selling as many units and dollar figures everything. It wasn't ranking as high because it had hardly any reviews, and we couldn't get anybody in vine to hardly take it. It got, like, you're like, five people out of the 30, like, took it and got like, two reviews. So he says, so he just said, Screw it. We just merged them together. And then I kept running the six pack PPC for a few weeks. Then I noticed all the traffic was pretty much coming to the 12 pack. So even when we merged them together this figure of October, we had sales over 100k for the first time. And that's kind of a combined with it being the six pack being separate for a couple weeks and then merging into the the 12 and the 24 but our tacos even came down. So in this case, adding variations incrementally like that, raised our sales, and we were able to just crush it, basically. So we got into the Christmas season. That's when I decided we're going to pause all the six pack BBC, because we weren't getting the impressions, we weren't getting the clicks. I want to put all the focus behind the 12 pack, not because of inventory or anything else, just because that was the right amount of quantity that people wanted to buy for their birthday parties, their stocking stuffers, or Christmas parties or whatever. So we just basically found it wasn't convenient. And then I started looking into Christmas terms, all the kids terms for Christmas stuff. I started running the 12 pack, and then our auto campaign started going haywire with a lot of IP terms. So Disney, this minions that Amazon just started taking crazy liberties of the auto campaigns. So I'm negative being like crazy, but our sales are crushing it. 177k 11% conversion rate. Still, if you remember a month one, we were at 11% so here we are in November on month eight, it is, and we are still at 11% our tacos is all time low. It's high buyer intent, obviously, during Christmas season for this kind of item, and again, in December, our sales went down a little bit. A lot of that is because of, I think, just only really sales were coming into, like, first couple weeks, and then people just kind of got, like burned out of buying things last year. Christmas was a little bit longer, if you remember, I think it was a week longer. And then a lot of the a lot of those IP terms just started to kind of dilute our conversion rate so, but our tacos are still low, so that's still good. So then in January, we took a lot of the terms, minus the Christmas terms. And I started experimenting with a lot of exact match PPC, and in those terms, a lot of like terms related to like school Fairs and things like that. And we continued with good sales honor. And 59k is not bad considering, you know, where we were in December. You know, that's great numbers for January for anything toys. But our conversion rate was super low because of just a lot of a lot of the IP terms were still getting negative out at that time. But our tacos is lower because what I did was I lowered the budgets on a lot of our campaigns so they didn't go as wild. And that's how I was able to achieve such a low tacos during that month, forcing a lot of organic sales. And then into February, March and April, pretty much up front where we are now. We actually hit 200k which is great in February, and then we kept scaling up. And you know, it's basically been really good. So case study takeaways, adding variations incrementally helped us scale up, get more reviews, get more sales, and then we kept people on page, similar to what Jason was talking about earlier, get people to your page you don't want them to leave. You offer the packs that they want. You offer the designs they want, and they won't leave. And that's half the battle, like he was saying earlier, the cheapest variation doesn't always sell best. I gave the example of a water balloon fight. Would you rather pay 10 bucks for 25 balloons or 1799 for a more convenient pack? So sometimes the more convenient pack is the better one. And scaling up seasonal terms and Christmas, I really, really love this. You know, if you're getting your Valentine's Day Easter, start, you know, start campaigns that are purposely named Easter. You know, Christmas, Mother's Day, whatever the case may be, that's a whole nother talk of seasonal PPC. I won't go into that too much, but you definitely can scale your variations that way, as long as you're targeting the one that is most likely to get purchased. So bonus strategies, things that are really working a lot of you guys know, zulei kitchen, I think Andre even presented about this one a year ago. You talked about zulei, right? Or someone was Aaron cordet Cordova, this, that's his brand, right, it seems. And I haven't had this verified by him, but it's he puts most of the effort behind the black version of his of his milk for author. And then when people get there. Course they're up sold to a more expensive one with gradient or pink or whatnot. It may not, or may or may not even cost more to make the other colors. I don't know, I don't know his cogs, but is this a great strategy? I call this one the lead magnet Halo strategy, using a lower price on the top selling ace, the best seller, if you can get a slash through, that's awesome. Or this like little red box and run majority of the PPC to that one. Obviously, in a lot of the general terms, your ads will get clicked more. You'll get more sales. You'll get more Halo traffic to the other colors. So I was talking to somebody, I said, Well, he's running a cheap price on this one. They said, well, they clicked on it and wow, I like this pink and the purple one, it's $5 more. At that point, you're already, you already are there, right? You're there for the meal. Somebody comes up and offers you dessert. It's an upsell, right? So you're gonna just take it.

Speaker  253930:40
Second one is a deal strategy. You can do kind of the same thing with deals. We have Prime Day coming up. I sell some items that are toy products, and I, you know, I was considering running a deal on every single one. I'm not I'm gonna run a deal on the top two or three sellers, only, whatever the minimum I'm allowed by Amazon. I'm gonna run that deal the products normally 2099, I'll run a 17 or 1699, or whatever, on the best seller, hoping that when people get there, they'll upsell and buy the other ones that I have to offer. I've used this in the past. It has worked. Try it for Prime Day, maybe the prime exclusive deal, or just a normal four day deal, or whatever they're they're doing. I think Prime Day is four days this year. Not sure exactly. Bonus strategy number three, I work with a cookie company or somebody who has an exclusive on nonies. You know, them, though, like, basically the number one biscotti in the, like, the whole United States. I think they even make Starbucks biscotti is actually and so we broke up this parent into a bunch of different ones, or initially trying to manage the catalog. I really wasn't the one breaking it up. The person that's selling it made that decision. But we stat but we talked about it. They stacked them up so that you have, like best sellers with some slower sellers. This is a great way to kind of sell some of your slower ones. So if you imagine, like, not to give too much information on this, but obviously, like the number one biscotti is going to be, like just the almond one or the almond one with chocolate. There's no secret there. But imagine you take, like a slower selling one, and you put it on that parent so you can get people to come there for the best seller, and then you might be able to talk them into the pistachio one that might be like the 14th best seller. So this is a great strategy to get people to upsell and buy into that. But I love running PPC only to the best seller, unless there's keywords, flavor specific, size, specific quantity, specific or fluid down, specific. Then you run PPC to those terms. So specialized terms to the particular flavors. It's a great way to dominate more placement when you start splitting up the page, and so you get more real estate. So imagine baked cookies. You have a better chance of getting on baked cookies a big keyword than if you just had them all, like 50 different flavors and packs on one parent. So this is a great way to optimize your sales. Make the most sales possible. Last one, I have a client that sells gender related kids products. They have a boys, a girls and a gender neutral product. So I'll give an example of pajamas. So let's say you have pajamas that are very gender neutral, like, you know, maybe during Christmas time, Santa Claus, you know, kids love Santa, boys and girls. It's very gender neutral, or, like, Christmas themed stuff. So you maybe put those on one listing. We've done this in the past, where we have a listing that has the gender neutral colors of something, the reds, the blues, well, not so much the blues, but green, just whatever is gender neutral. And then for the boys version, you might have the dinosaurs and the spacemen and things like that that appeal more to boys and the girls. Of course, all the pinks and the purples and the kitties and unicorns and so forth. And so what you can do is on the boys listing, start negative phrase matching all the like terms boys, men's like, whatever the case may be that's not related to them. And then you can run all the general terms and the gender terms to the boys one, all the Nick all the gender terms the other one. And so because you're negative, you're actually like kind of segmenting the traffic and then to the neutral one. You can just run both, but that tends to be a little bit of a more more difficult because it's got a bunch of general colors and it's just general design related. So with that being said, overall takeaways, the goal is positive conversion, pushing rank, using your money the most wisest to advertise the best keywords to the best ASINs that are applicable. And then efficiency. You want to be efficient, you're spent, I think, by negative and running all the right terms to the right ASINs, you are being efficient and adding strategic variations scale. Now trying to fit what the consumer wants, and the bonus strategies really work. I love that, and that is my presentation. Questions. Anybody?

Speaker  323216:00
Morris, have you looked into Amazon mulcher? See what's that? So they had this service I just looked into where you could get a discount on products that you're bundling like you were doing. So on your 12 pack, you get an 8% discount on the referral fee. Oh, that's good. So you could save on a lot of E bundles. On top of that is that have to do with virtual bundles. It's not a virtual bundle, it's it's only Esin, and it's only UPC, similar how you have it set up. It just, yeah, interesting. Certain template that they have, upload it and you're it'll fall by for the discount, as long as it meets the guideline, one of them being over 10. So on your two floor pack, you'll get, okay.

Speaker  333578:40
It works on a case pack, case pack, uh, case pack, box pack, palette, palette, count, so on, so on.

Speaker  336010:40
Does it only work with items that are enrolled with GS, one barcodes, or is it No, if you're a GTI and exception, we'll work on those as well. Okay, that I'll have to look into that. It's interesting. Did you have a question,

Speaker  339456:00
too? One more, actually unrelated. So let's go back to those disguise, for example, that literally that just it's the picture.

Speaker  342245:20
Say they're sugar free, you'd have the main listing has whatever biscuits they are. Then what's the what's prevented you from either a, making a variation, highlighting the fact by sugar free B, making a, totally separate asin, saying you're not free, you

Speaker  346645:20
can absolutely, that's kind of the same as the gender, the gender pajama example, right? That we we've done that before. Like, you know, you have a Absolutely, you can absolutely do that. You should. You should do that. If you have sugar free version of your product and a sugar version, they probably shouldn't be together, because the consumers are totally different. Imagine someone who's like, you know, like they're looking for keto friendly or something. Why are you going to put the snacks together with the Keto snacks? Like,

Speaker  354160:00
yeah, did you test whether you have a better ROI as a variation or as a separate ace? Because a separate Asian, you always have more real estate.

Speaker  356320:00
Yeah. I mean, that's always the question. I think that as sellers, we have to test this. You know, you launch it initially with individual but then it's like, it's really, like, does a variation have? Can it stand on its own without falling? I don't know that's a good, a good analogy, but like, Is it strong enough to stand? And if it's not strong enough to stand, it's better as the Robin to the Batman, like the if the Batman is like the strongest variation, like in the cookie example, the the chocolate biscotti, might be the strongest one of the almond, then maybe the lemon flavored one is like better being the secondary variation on a top selling top traffic hitting, because Amazon's picking which One to rank high and which one to give a one to give a lot of traffic to. So if you can piggyback a slower one on there, it doesn't necessarily hurt your conversion, I don't think, or not much, at least, because you're not driving traffic to it. Except variation related terms. Do we have any data on an optimal number? No, that is a really, that is really, it's like, you'll know, you'll know you went too far. When you're like, Whoa. Like, month one, we were, we had one pajama and we were doing 30k in sales. And now it's month now, given like, seasonality becomes a play in this I got less than a minute so I got but, yeah, you need to just, you need to figure it out. You need to figure it out by running and then figuring out if, a few months later, have you increased your overall parent sales. You have to calculate search volume. You have to calculate if you ran out of stock. There's a lot of other factors too, to have as part of your thing. Mari,

Speaker  383578:40
yeah, so I have a listing that both genders plus viewing sex. And let's say my BSR in the category is three, combining the listing, when I break it up, then my BSR is gonna be like, 710, 15. How do I weigh the like one? And more

Speaker  388544:00
important, because to me, BSR is kind of a glamor number. It's like sales are a grammar number. I care about keyword ranks and I care about profit, so I wouldn't care if my BSR was 45 if I went from three to 1020, and 30 is my prop never my profits gonna be higher that way. And that's what ultimately would matter to me. I mean, BSR, it's like, great. I'm number one in the category, but at the end of the day, you just want to make more profit. Or if, if it's LTV product, I know your yours might necessarily be that, but let's say your dog, you selling dog food or something you can track the subscribe and saves. Thank you very much. You.
