MDS Mogul Call with Michelle Barnum Smith
Date: September 17, 2025

Speaker  15114:40
Hi, I can uh,

Speaker  19888:00
did they tell you that they're going to start having the APAC mobile calls?

Speaker  21264:00
Um, yeah, I know Jonathan said he was going to do one a month.

Speaker  22069:20
Yes, to start with. So we're trying to find the first speaker, and we're creating the graphics, and we'll get this going, but ideally the for next week, or the following week, or something

Speaker  26261:20
like, why with him? I belong first call. Oh, yeah, if I was him, I would go for Ivan first call.

Speaker  28634:40
Okay, okay, I'll tell him that,

Speaker  29786:40
but he'll have his own ideas. Um,

Speaker  33632:00
hey, Alex,

Speaker  47706:40
oh, hey, guys, good to see

Speaker  51343:59
you. Hey, Alex, how's it going? Where are you at the

Speaker  52784:00
moment? Alex,

Speaker  53919:59
my kids are, my kids are four and six, and I think maybe when they're about eight and 10, maybe something like that. Want to do, like, a two week Florida,

Speaker  57253:19
nice, do

Speaker  57461:20
all the parks and stuff, because some of our holidays don't match up with American holidays. So we can go and do the parks with, like, no crowds. I've done it before, like, before we had kids. It was, it was, like, amazing, like, Universal Studios, all that, like, no lines, yeah, very short lines. It was, it was awesome, yeah, very short line. They got no lines. I don't remember that, but one day it was like, it wasn't right. It was just raining a tiny bit, and it was, yeah, it was unreal. Could just go and do the front. You could do, because I never really done. They have special keys to the front, and could just do that. Was awesome. Yeah.

Speaker  71077:20
Okay, so you go to the Disney parks, not to the island of

Speaker  72373:20
adventure? I think I just did the two universal ones. I don't think we actually did this. I don't think we actually did the Disney ones. Yeah, that's why I think I was just doing, like a road trip with a friend, and we did some, did some, some rides and stuff. Hey, Michelle. How's it going?

Speaker  78554:40
Hey, Michelle, Hey guys, how are you

Speaker  79818:40
good? How are you? My

Speaker  80400:00
goodness, I'm at accelerate so my throat is sore. My laptop's not charging. I'm in some janky room somewhere with, like, all of the standard things when you're out of office, right?

Speaker  85797:20
So have you been going to the big, the big Amazon meetings, or have you just been meeting people and doing stuff on the side?

Speaker  87221:20
No, just Yeah. Like, in fact, yesterday, I just spent the whole day at Tiktok, Tiktok shop in the afternoon. So Tiktok has headquarters here in in the Seattle area. So I had a bunch of meetings there. And, in fact, I gave some of the Tiktok bigwigs my Amazon seller ID so that they could register for accelerate and kind of go check things out for themselves. So I had a few meetings with Tiktok directly at Amazon. So that was I was exciting too, but yeah, just going to the parties. I saw Anita and a bunch of the MDS folks at like, a sheen event last night in the aquarium, which is so fun. So, yeah,

Speaker  98384:00
yeah, every year I'm thinking, This year I'll go, we can only do so much. We can only, can only do so much,

Speaker  100912:00
right? Totally. It

Speaker  101344:00
also be nice to see a new city as well. Yeah, every one year, soon, I'll make it.

Speaker  103413:20
Seattle is an experience, but I'm not like, a big city type of girl, and there's lots of, like, not great parts of Seattle, like, where you're you're walking through and you're like, um, am I gonna die to is tonight the night that I die?

Speaker  108314:40
Yeah, most of the stuff I want to do in us now is more like, I want to see, like, national parks, and I want to, like, say, I want to go, I want to go to college sports games.

Speaker  111114:40
Yeah, yeah. I'm so I live in, I live in Utah, you know, and we have five national parks plus, you know, I live the foot of, I live at the foot of mountains, you know. So we can be up in the hills with nobody in, like, a matter of minutes, you know, plus skiing and all of those things. So our family, we're, we're big outdoors people. So going to big urban center, where there's a bunch of drugged out zombies wandering around, is not my idea of a good time, for sure.

Speaker  119973:19
Yeah, we saw some crazy stuff in last time I was in New York, we saw some crazy stuff.

Speaker  121493:20
Seriously, man, I'm not like No thanks. I don't need that in my life. Yeah, it's good to see people though. Like, I feel like these big events kind of feel like a reunion a little bit, you know. But you just got back from Summit, and so you kind of got that box checked for you, you know? Yeah, I've got a

Speaker  127082:40
decent work, yeah, for

Speaker  127546:39
sure. And Milan, you know, Milano, so amazing,

Speaker  128688:00
that guy, he didn't send me. We me and Michelle were on the same boat in Lake Como, and this guy took some photos of me, but he hasn't sent them to me yet.

Speaker  131423:59
One of the other was it? One of the other? Yeah, he was.

Speaker  132832:00
He works for they do, like ranking and stuff.

Speaker  133957:20
Oh, seller eyes.

Speaker  134741:19
No, it wasn't. It's something like that. It's like, it's owned by this guy that does bullseye.

Speaker  136517:20
Yeah, they

Speaker  136853:20
split it off into its own thing.

Speaker  137413:19
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  137701:20
I think it's called again.

Speaker  138773:19
I know what you're talking about. We'll, we'll find it, and then you can, I'm sure he's at accelerate. I'm sure I could track him down for you, like Jamie needs his como pictures, because

Speaker  141498:40
I know, because I already got getting photos of people right away, because he was saying they get said injuries, they might not. Yeah, trying so hard to get it done, but we just couldn't get it to work.

Speaker  144352:00
How iconic, though, that you went swimming in Lake Como.

Speaker  145472:00
Yeah, I can't believe no one else

Speaker  146032:00
went swimming. Crazy

Speaker  146384:00
to swim.

Speaker  147616:00
I asked the guy, and he's Yeah, he stopped for us. So it was nice.

Speaker  148864:00
Oh so nice. I was there, like dying with the heat. It was amazing, the boat and everything.

Speaker  151077:20
But getting to there were quite a few people wearing jeans who must have really regretted, yes,

Speaker  153653:20
for sure, for sure

Speaker  154373:20
legs, dude, our legs definitely wanted to be free.

Speaker  156010:40
But did you win? Did you change into your swim swim shorts on the boat? I got

Speaker  157834:40
to the back of the boat and I said, everybody, face forwards.

Speaker  158506:40
It was next level commitment.

Speaker  159082:40
Someone said, Oh, I thought you were joking, so I saw your butt. I did say,

Speaker  161472:00
Listen, that's so funny. Well, I apologize in advance for my frogginess, because when you go to these parties, as you saw, as we did at Summit, you know, it's just loud

Speaker  166053:20
talk over the background, like the background noise on the background music.

Speaker  166933:19
Yeah, right. So by the the this morning, I was just like, oh my gosh, am I gonna have a voice today? So we'll give it a go. We will try cool.

Speaker  170901:19
Someone is on his iPhone to Blanca. So if you could just change to like your Facebook name so that we could just check or if you, if your boss or business partner added you on, we should be able to see from the the air table. So Blanca, that would be great. Hey guys, we're just going to do a couple of MDS slides quickly. Your weekly reminder to get all the goods off the app and book the MDS Summit, etc. So first thing that we cover in the slides is the the MDS app. So there'll probably be a there will probably be something coming up soon, but just in case, here it is. So have it on your home screen. Always recommend, you know, if you're in the car or you're out walking, you can just listen to all the videos, podcast style, and check in on the channels as well, because you can get, you know, you could get a response from mo on the, you know, on the logistics channel, or you get a response from Alex chew on the SEO channel. Just a good way of asking a question and getting the best experts to respond. So make sure you got that on your home screen. It's also faster, and you don't have to re log in the whole time anymore. So that's those bugs have been fixed. Next up MDS Summit, Singapore. So, yeah, get get booking, reserve your spot, get it in your calendar, tell your family first time, first time in Asia, yeah. So join the WhatsApp broadcast group, so it's not like a busy chat. It's just me sending messages telling you about the Mogul calls. So just means you'll always know what's on, and you'll always have, like, the Zoom link next up. So this is Michelle on call Tiktok shop seller? Is your agency, right? Yes. And there is also a course as well. So 50% 50% off the course there, yes, big discount. Check it out. Absolutely, all right. So, okay, we'll do the official start here. Hi guys. Welcome to the Mogul call. So I'm looking forward to getting Michelle on the call. I know you guys always want to talk about Tiktok. Michelle is deep in the trenches of Tiktok, working with a lot of lot of ecommerce brands, so we're really happy to have you on Michelle, how are you?

Speaker  214101:20
I'm good guys. Good to see you all. I am at Amazon accelerate in some back bedroom of Seattle. So this is not my usual background, if, if we see each other on a future call, usually I'm in my office at home and all that fun stuff the day. We're making it work.

Speaker  218645:20
So Google's Final Boss sour before because it was in the title,

Speaker  219978:40
yes, a

Speaker  220266:39
couple of their short ads, so it was quite good.

Speaker  221162:40
Yeah, it's a fun it's a fun brand,

Speaker  221626:40
sure. Yeah, I'm interested to learn a bit more about it. So you are good to share screen and kick off, Michelle.

Speaker  223418:40
All right, cool. All right. Let me just grab my slide.

Speaker  225280:00
Share just while we do that. Do you want to put a one if you're sort of comfortably up and running Tiktok shop, really doing it? Two, if you've done a little bit of Tiktok shop, but not really gotten going and free, if you are free, if you are not on Tiktok shop or or really doing much on Tiktok at all. So I'll do it too, because we are on Tiktok shop UK. But we never, quite really, we never really managed to get it properly off the ground. And I never got signed. I never got up on, I think we never managed to get up on Tiktok shop us. So I think for us, it's something that we might look at for next year, but it didn't really, didn't really work out for us this year. So you just put a one, if you're, if you're fully up and running to if you're, if you're kind of half there or a little bit and then free if you're not doing it. Cool. Alright, got a few more in. We got around. A range, some ones and twos and some threes.

Speaker  241904:00
The way, one is they haven't started.

Speaker  242416:00
One is that they're fully up and running. They're really doing it two, beginning to get going, or sort of doing it three. Not Not up, not really up on Tiktok at all.

Speaker  245360:00
Okay, gotcha All right. Well, we have a range today then, yeah, there's a few people that are, like, I said a three when I met one.

Speaker  247509:19
Kevin's downgraded himself from a one to a two.

Speaker  248965:20
It's all good guys. I think especially with this platform, even if you think that you're like, really getting it, you realize really quickly that there's, there's always more, there's always more. I tell people after they get out of the launch phase, what we call a cold start phase. Um, like, congratulations. Welcome to hell. Like, this is, you know, more money, more problems, as you guys know, because your sellers on Amazon and other platforms. So there's just more is more cool? Well, if we haven't met nice new My name is Michelle Barnum Smith, and I've been around. Excuse me. I've been doing marketing for over 25 years. I've been an Amazon marketer since 2017 I helped to if you've heard my name before, but maybe you're like, Where, where is she from? Like, what? How do I know her? I pioneered the use of chat bots for ranking and reviewing for Amazon back in the day. So that is kind of what I'm known for. Is the queen of chat bots, an award winning industry expert, thought leader. I've been featured in Forbes Business Insider CNBC, and I've launched over 100 brands on Tiktok shop and trained 1000s and 1000s of sellers, and I am also a top performing Tiktok shop partner. I will also say I was one of the first Tiktok shop partners when they opened their doors in September 23 so we are officially two years old. Tiktok shop is officially two years old as of this month, and as of yesterday, there are even more kind of details filtering out about the potential sell of Tiktok to a US entity. I'm not I'm not too surprised by the things that kind of rolled out yesterday. We're looking at an Oracle and and a few other players in the space, but I am interested and excited about some of the asset licensing versus full handoff, because I think that that will protect the consumer experience, the user experience a little bit better. So good things are are afoot, and Tiktok is definitely worth pursuing and investing in. So quick question for you guys. I always love a quick poll. So how many of you are actual Tiktok users? Like, you scroll, you interact, you like, feed the platform.

Speaker  286058:40
Okay, so you want to do a one if you, if you have Tiktok on your phone and you use it to if you don't have it,

Speaker  287770:40
or just a yes, like this number, Jamie, are you a user? Yeah, so I'm got one person willing to tell me that it's

Speaker  290688:00
too addictive and I can't be trusted with it. So I'm already watching too many I'm already watching too many reels, yeah? Because apparently, like, tick tock is like, you know, Facebook reels, YouTube shorts, are addictive, but apparently, Tiktok shop is an order of magnitude, just better at, like, serving you exactly what you want, like, and

Speaker  296149:19
the power of the algorithm, absolutely, and I think it's, it's also

Speaker  298005:20
really good at keeping you on the platform. I think that's what makes it hard, right? Okay, so how many of you, of those of you who are on how many of you are Tiktok shop buyers? You have bought something from Tiktok shop. Chad has bought good job. Chad, woo hoo,

Speaker  303034:40
yeah. Kaylee, my wife has bought a few. Okay, I'm

Speaker  304506:40
going to challenge you guys. Then this is very common when I speak at events. I always do this poll, because so many people are excited and interested and, you know, really jumping into the bit to learn more about Tiktok and Tiktok shop. And I'm like, it takes being a user and a customer to truly appreciate the power of the platform, you know, and especially the the buyer experience, that checkout experience, going from discovery to check out in seconds is just such a powerful experience. So let's just talk about how Tiktok works. Tiktok job is to it prioritizes as a platform, discovery and delight. It really wants help to help people be comfortable and happy on the platform feel like they're really connecting with the content. And Tiktok, of course, customizes your user experience to the point where you are a little like, Wow. This is, this is, really, is my own personal you know, circus in here is good time. The beauty of that is that then your shoppable content is based on your interests. So if we're comparing apples to apples, like an Instagram or Facebook experience, that's the advertising that happens on there is very interruption oriented, right? We're scrolling along, and then there's obviously an ad, whereas on Tiktok, because the algorithm is so good at getting to know you and your interests, then the products that get served to you don't feel like an ad. It just feels like more of that same like interest based discovery, right? So it's not the interruption is definitely less than what we experience on other social media platforms. And of course, Tiktok wants to keep you on the platform to buy, unlike other platforms. So how many of you would purchase something from Instagram or Facebook, you know, from an ad perspective? So the user experience on those platforms is to send you off platform to purchase, right? You're going to go to go to website, maybe you're going to go to Amazon to complete that purchase. The discovery happens on Instagram and on meta, but then the checkout happens elsewhere. And if it and if you tried to actually check out on meta, it's this, like, weird, oh, like, kind of ick experience, like, the trust factor isn't there, whereas Tiktok and Tiktok users don't actually want to leave the platform. It's the opposite. They want to stay on the platform. They don't want to be taken off platform to convert. So when I talk to sellers who are like, Yeah, I'm running ads to Amazon or to my Shopify, and I'm like, that's actually opposite the user experience and what they want to experience on Tiktok. They don't want to go off off platform. They want to stay on the platform. And so that's, that's one of the reasons why Tiktok shop is so powerful, and why we get what we call 15 second conversions. So here's an example. Like, I'm scrolling, I'm looking at, you know, videos, and if you haven't seen the checkout experience, there's just, like, on the video, there's, like, just a little orange button, the little shopping cart, you click on it, and you go to the PDP, and then the checkout experience literally is like, your Apple Pay, you're on your way and you're back to scrolling in seconds. And that's just how quick it can happen. I timed it once, and it was 15 seconds from discovery to check out and back to scrolling. Whereas on Instagram, that same experience of like, maybe it's an influencer post, and they're like, hey, the shirt links in my bio. You know, you go to their bio, and maybe there's a link tree, and maybe that link tree goes to, like, an Amazon storefront, and then you got to sort through all their storefront posts and and I timed that experience, and by the time I finally really, and I was working guys, I was working to find that shirt. It was a minimum of 90 seconds from the time of discovery to actually getting to the product detail page. But as a marketer, every step along the way was so full of friction that I would have dropped off as a consumer over and over again. I would just gotten fed up and been like, Screw it. I'm just gonna I'm gonna go. So that's the in a nutshell. That's the beauty and the power of the social commerce experience on Tiktok. And of course, the sellers, you guys understand, and you know of the because Tiktok is a top of funnel marketing experience, we have that halo effect into other channels. We have the spillover into Amazon and Shopify and and I'm sure many of you are on the call and interested in Tiktok, because either your competitors, or even some of the folks in in in MDS, and you've heard, heard them talk about that halo effect on their Amazon business as well. So another quick poll. Time, though, I want to shift gears, and we want to talk about kind of this, this idea. So quick poll, how many of you, let's be honest. Hold on, how many of you love who likes ads to pop up in the middle of your entertainment? We're talking YouTube. We're talking Netflix. We're talking,

Speaker  382890:39
yeah, I hate ads. I pay for YouTube premium and like, yeah, like, whenever, or, like, if I'm on any app, and then I get the option, so I'm using a lot, I get the option to turn off ads. I'm always, I'm always paying for it,

Speaker  386240:00
right, right? So this is I'm like, to the point of frustration. I'm like, I am literally paying for this platform to run ads to me. Like, I thought, I thought we were through this. I thought this was no, we're all back at where we started. So I'm with you, Jamie. I'm like, skip as fast as possible. So sometimes we forget, we forget why people are on social media in the first place. So allow me to remind you, and this was a study done last year of all social media platforms. So you know, the main reason people are on the platform is friends and family. And once again, this is all social media, including Instagram and Facebook, where people are more likely to connect with friends and family. But you can see down here why people are on the platform is to find products purchase way down there, way down there, right? And even something that is maybe inspirational to that experience is, you know, finding inspiration for things to do and to buy is little bit higher up on the list. But I was talking at one of the dinners last night, I said, Listen, guys, if somebody was already aware that there was a product that they needed, they would be buying it on Amazon. That's not the purpose of Tiktok shop is for people to search, find, buy, right? That's not what they're there to do. If that was, if they were already aware that they had a need, they would have already done that on Amazon. That's what Amazon's for. Tiktok and Tiktok shop are for discovery, right? So if people are on the platform for these reasons, to connect, to fill spare time, right? Like those gaps, gaps in moments, right? Like we can't even be bored anymore, like we can't even take a second to be in the grocery line without pulling our phones out. Right? Some of us are stopping at a stoplight and pulling our phones out, are we not? You know, like there's, there's bad, bad behavior going on, because we just can't handle a spare moment, so we're filling spare time, and that is kind of the power. That's why people are on the platforms in the first place. They're not there to be sold to. And so we forget that as sellers when we come on the platform, that as we're as we're thinking about our content strategy, I want us to remember kind of the reason why people are on the platform in the first place. Okay, so I want to introduce you to brand their names, final boss sour, and they're a little crazy.

Speaker  424901:20
So they are a dried fruit company that also has kind of like a sour. They have, like, the sour powder that you can dip the products in. And I'll show you some examples of this in a second. But they're kind of a big deal. They're the top ranked shop for food and beverage on Tiktok. Shop in 2024 across all channels, just shy of 5 million. And this year, they are on track to double that across all channels. They've sold almost 130,000 products on Tiktok shop with almost 4000 affiliate posts. But the brand account themselves is their top seller, as you can see here. So you know they're they're very much leaning into branded content, and you know, the affiliates are helping out there too, but they're a big they're big content they're big content creators themselves, and in the last two years, have acquired over a billion views, as you can see, the majority of those on Tiktok. So what is kind of their formula for success? And that's what I kind of want to break down today in in a case study format is, what are they doing from a content perspective? Because sometimes we forget, when it comes to the platform that content is king, like people are on there to digest content and to be entertained, right? So I want to introduce you to the idea of a content funnel, and a content funnel has a top, a middle and a bottom. And how many of you are kind of familiar with the customer journey? I'm a marketer. I've been new marketing for 25 years. But how many, how many of you guys are familiar with the idea of the the customer journey, from awareness to consideration phase to purchase and all that fun stuff.

Speaker  455605:20
Not all customers are just searching on Amazon and then buying in a meeting.

Speaker  456933:20
Right, right. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Okay, cool guys. Thanks for being thanks for being honest. So the customer journey, and from a marketing perspective, we think about where somebody is in their journey. And instead of, instead of having this long kind of stretched out, and you can Google it, there's lots of different graphics to kind of describe it to you, but in a nutshell, we have top of funnel, which is where we're talking about things like branding and awareness. We have middle of funnel where we're talking about product, and we have bottom of funnel, which is where we're talking about purchase. So it's, it's an intent. This is, this really comes down to awareness and intent. Okay, so, so, for example, if somebody the Amazon experience is somebody becomes aware that they have a need, they will go search for that solution on Amazon, and then they're going to search, you know, they're going to scroll through their results, look at, you know, rank, reviews, product details, all of those things, and then they're going to check out, right? That's that kind of buyer experience. Now, when it comes to the experience on Tiktok, we're wanting to take people from awareness phase to that checkout phase. And oftentimes we're thinking like, Oh, we got to do all in one fell swoop, that if all of our content is bottom of funnel content, then we're missing the point of why people are on the platform in the first place, right? That discovery experience. And then we're going to, we're going to experience kind of this backlash of like, Ew factor, right? Because people don't want to be sold to on the platform. They want that discovery experience. So when it comes to and especially with content, the content funnel for final bus, final boss, sour, that's a mouthful. They really focus on top of funnel content. And top of funnel content is engaging. It's educational, it's controversial, it's entertaining. It has that shareable factor to it and or saveable factor, like when you're interacting with something on social media, the next time I want you to kind of pay attention is the next time next time you share something where you're like, oh my gosh, I gotta share this with, like, the my two or three people that I always share memes with or reels with, or whatever, like recognize to a certain degree. What was it about it that made it shareable or saveable to you? Was it educational? Was it entertaining? Was it controversial? Was it controversial? Was there something about it that just stopped you in your tracks, right? And that's what makes top of funnel top of funnel. Okay, so let me show you some examples of what I mean. Enough, enough talk. Let's show Okay, good.

Speaker  499920:00
You want some candy?

Speaker  500688:00
Depends. What do you got?

Speaker  501712:00
I got, what do I cut?

Speaker  503461:20
I've got funding. You

Speaker  504533:20
funded, don't you know that's the physical of red, 40 yellow, five and all sorts of other chemicals. I got chemicals.

Speaker  506949:19
You want some chemicals,

Speaker  507434:40
nah, super final bar, sour blue raspberry. Mango is different. You take real chewy mango strips them and dip them into sweet flavored, super sour powder. They taste amazing and are way more sour than anything.

Speaker  515312:00
I was like, Oh my gosh, the banner at

Speaker  515728:00
the top makes you think that someone's just posting a controversial ad, rather than the fact that it's actually them. It's to get there.

Speaker  517733:20
How many of you guys like sour things, like, you're a sour candy or sour

Speaker  519269:20
Did you ever have sour apples in the States? Yeah, yep, and it was a toy. It was a candy in UK that were good. Yeah, nice,

Speaker  521829:19
Brian, you're, you're a sour candy fan.

Speaker  522501:20
Yeah? Sour is, yeah, sucked on lemons as a kid.

Speaker  523722:40
Oh, man, you need to get, you need to get this stuff. I presented with them. I presented with final bath sour team a couple weeks ago at an event in Utah, and we had people come up and try the product, like that, mango, blue raspberry. And it was, it's one of their level fours. I'm like, a level zero type of girl, and they had a level four and the guy that I was co presenting with, he literally couldn't speak for like, 30 seconds because he was just so, like, in fit, right? Let's show another one.

Speaker  534112:00
I What is this? I didn't order a dad puppet. I apologize. But everybody should need chair. You should have started already get this fixed.

Speaker  538645:20
Things. Call

Speaker  539386:40
things to me,

Speaker  547887:59
okay, I was actually dead. Okay. I

Speaker  551333:20
uh, so, I mean, these are real tick tock, tick tocks that are out there that they produce. So it gives you kind of an example of what we're talking about, entertaining, just

Speaker  554133:20
like controversial and edgy, like stuff that probably wouldn't be broadcast on TV works quite good for Tiktok, right?

Speaker  555818:40
In this, in this, for this particular brand, like, it's on brand for them, right? That's their that's their brand, right? Is controversial and and edgy and, yeah, so a lot of their, a lot of, oh, Alex, the the buy box isn't on those. Those were just video downloads. They weren't the actual like in on platform. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? They're just they

Speaker  562944:00
would, they would have had the buy button on them,

Speaker  563488:00
yeah, and the comments and the likes and the engagement and the shares, right? All of those things. These are just the videos from a demonstration standpoint, but you can kind of get a feel so like, I certainly am not saying that you have to be high production, super controversial, any of those things, if they don't fit in your brand style. I think what I'm trying to, you know, want to try to just communicate is that, and if you pay attention in the in the video itself, it was quite a while before the product was even introduced, and they certainly weren't like talking about it, you know, until very, very much later. So it wasn't like a bye bye bye. It's kind of stopping you and be like, Who is this creeper trying to get somebody in their van, you know? And it has that entertainment factor. So that's kind of a top of funnel style, middle of funnel style. This is where we have more product focused content. We're talking features, benefits, product details, demonstration, very demonstration oriented. Okay, so the majority of the content that you can and should produce is this middle of funnel, middle of funnel content. Okay, so here's some examples of that.

Speaker  582085:20
Percent real fruit, 100% really sour. I just got my final boss sour sampler pack, and I'm ready to see what we got in here. Okay, so as you can see here, we got a variety of flavors and a variety of levels of sour. We've got blueberries, strawberries and cranberries. And the thing about this company is all their candy is 100% real fruit. The design's super cute. As you can see, they have a character for each level and for each flavor. So it's fun to make a game out of it for the kids. I will give you a warning before giving this to any kids. I would try it yourself, because this stuff is seriously sour. And just take a look how beautiful this candy is. Here's some of the cranberries there. You got the real blueberries there, and I'm telling you right now, the blueberry ones are scary sour. My personal favorite is the strawberry. Just look how beautiful those are. If you're up for the challenge, I'll leave the link for it on this video, but I'm giving you a heads up right now the sour candy is not for the

Speaker  592496:00
week. So it's interesting that first video that I showed you on the last slide is their number one selling video, and this is the number two selling video. Totally different, right top of funnel, middle of funnel. This like the hook on this one. Let's just, let's just watch the first couple seconds really

Speaker  596912:00
quick. The most sour candy in the world, and it's full of legs. It's back, guys, the most viral product we have ever launched. These are the blue raspberry mango dippers from file boss sour my mouth is already watering just thinking about eating these. So let's open them up and give them a try. On this side you have dried mango strips, and on this side you have our blue raspberry sour power on the back of the pack, it says, lick, dip and wince, okay, getting out our mango strip. Give it all Gus, oh my gosh, 3210, I forget how sour that is. Guys want to taste the nostalgia with a super sour kick. Go to final boss sour.com right now, and order yourself the mango dippers.

Speaker  609088:00
Obviously a highly demonstrable product, right, which is one of the, one of the keys to Tiktok ability that I have, like, you know, one of my filters, even before getting started, is having a having a demonstrable product that you can quickly, you know, showcase and demonstrate. So obviously, these videos are more similar to what you would experience on Tiktok, you know, talking about the talking about the products, in depth, the one I wanted to show you this just really quick, 100% really, okay, so this is that visual hook, like, straight out the gate, and, you know, very compelling. You're like, what is that? Is that candy? Is that? You know, no, it's a real fruit. It's real fruit. So these are, these are just some of the things that, from a content perspective, for middle of funnel, like, get, get you and suck you in. So this is, this is, like, the second top performing video, okay, so then what's bottom of funnel? Bottom of funnel is price centric. There. It's like, discount oriented, time sensitive special offers. Maybe there's campaigns going on Black Friday, right? Like, very price sensitive, you know, kind of content here. So this is where you run into content that's very much like, Oh, I feel sorry for you if you bought it when it was this price, because now it's this price, and you're like, oh, I need that price. Like, I gotta get some more of that right. So let's talk about let's show some examples of that.

Speaker  631109:20
We sold over 80,000 of these boxes on a Tiktok shop because it's genuinely the most sour candy in the world, made with real dried fruit. This box comes with dried strawberries, dried blueberries and dried cranberries and three levels of sour if you've been waiting to get your hands on it. This Tuesday, I'm going to be doing a massive live stream, doing giant discount, giant discount. So click the link on the screen so you get notified when I'm live on Tuesday. Jump in, buy the box. Take the challenge. You won't be disappointed. We'll see you on Tuesday. I have bought sour for $5 that's right, because you guys made final boss sour the number one selling candy on tick tock shop. We're giving it away for $5 tomorrow night on my live stream, three to 7pm we'll see you there.

Speaker  643952:00
Okay, so very cost, very like, can't believe this deal. You know that kind of that kind of content. Okay, so let's talk about that algorithm, algorithm hacking formula. Then, sorry, guys. I lost my voice last night at one of the many parties. It's just, it is just what it is, right? Okay, so we've got top of funnel. So top of funnels job is to entertain, to build a brand, right? 10 to 20 top of funnel pieces of content per month. I was talking to a supplement seller last night at one of the parties, and he just hired an agency that's gonna, you know, recruit 1000 creators for him. And I'm like, okay, cool, but what's the breakdown of the content, you know, what's the content plan? And he's just like, I don't know, right? And I'm like, Okay, well, what does your supplement do? What does it help with, and it's like a PCOS supplement. And so I'm like, Okay, so the top of funnel needs to be educational oriented. These are people who are in pain. You're speaking to people who are looking for solutions, who need help, who are trying to solve some serious life problems, right? They're not looking for, if, like, if they're looking for a PCOS supplement, they'd be already on Amazon, right? That's where they're going to go look for a PCOS supplement. What they're on Tiktok for is higher up the funnel. From an awareness perspective, they want to understand why their body is doing this. What what kind of symptoms you know, actually result in PCOS, how they can actually manage their symptoms? How can their, you know, quality of life be better? And he's like, Yeah, we're, you know, I have a friend who's an obstetrician, and I could ask them to help create content. I'm like, yes, absolutely. That would be really great, because you have an authority figure, and you don't even need to mention the product at all, just hire them to just build, you know, you know, content, just around the topic of PCOS, right? And that kind of, that kind of idea. So the middle of funnel content is where you actually promote the products. Talk about, you know, talk about the features, benefits of the product themselves. This is where you get the bulk of your video content, that 100 to 250 videos per month, kind of minimum, minimum, one, one video per day, like, like that bare minimum. At this point, it's got to be more like three to five that you're planning on per day. And that's that's cross brand, as well as affiliates that are producing that content. And then you have that bottle funnel content where you're creating scarcity and excitement, and that's where that that doesn't have to be as prevalent, that can be, you know, a less, a lesser amount, and a lot of that can probably be done with AI video content at this point as well. But affiliates will also start to naturally create bottom of funnel content. And be like you won't believe the deal that we're seeing right now. Not only do you get free shipping, they have a flash deal running you and a secret coupon. You gotta check this out, right like that style of content. So this is kind of the the the breakdown a little bit. If you want to up level your game, start building up to going live daily, because on the lives themselves, you can bring somebody from a top of funnel perspective all the way down to a bottom of funnel perspective, very quickly you can get that education, especially if a product has maybe a sales cycle to it, or needs a level of education. People want to see how it fits. People want to understand how it works. Those types of things lives can help you quickly communicate that think that you know that kind of longer term infomercial style experience, and then you need to run GMB Max ads to just all of this goodness, because GMB Max is really good at retargeting. So if somebody interacts with your top of funnel content and they click through or they have a certain percentage of watch time, then GMB Max will automatically, based on the AI, promote other other videos in your funnel to people who have interacted you know, maybe even click through to your PDP, maybe even done add to cart. So you have this kind of full full circle experience from an advertising perspective that is all managed for you, instead of you having to build a bunch of retargeting audiences and doing a bunch of things manually. So So Tiktok makes it really easy for you to do that. Okay, so any questions on anything that we've talked about today, so

Speaker  713621:20
go ahead. I got a question. Yeah, I guess for me and maybe for many others here, I'm not exactly the person who's like developing the content on my team. We're trying to create a team, but I personally suck at anything social media. It's really just antithetical to my brain. I'm wondering if I could get a couple of my team members to ask you a couple of questions directly after the webinar. Is there a way to contact you directly?

Speaker  721344:00
Yep, Michelle at TT shop sellers.com, as well as I'm on LinkedIn. I'm in MDS. I'm in the MDS app. You guys can, I think you can DM me? I'm not sure, but you can try. Maybe somebody can try it right now and see if it works. Sure, but I am, I'm in the community as an expert. So there's

Speaker  727253:20
that's great.

Speaker  727509:20
You can, you could go to the app and go to partners and then contact via that way. Or TT is it TT shop sellers.co?

Speaker  729653:20
Or.com it is.co for the website, but it is.com for my email.

Speaker  731018:40
Okay, cool. We have some we

Speaker  731610:39
have some domain funness going on, but it is what it is. And Brian, I don't think you're alone in that. Most Amazon sellers are really good at data and analytics, and not necessarily marketing and content creation, and that's where you know, partnering with experts such as ourselves, are, you know, helpful in doing that I can put I'll Yes, oh, thank you. So as far as is, as far as the content and being creative and those kinds of things, I think it's also important that you don't have to be that creative, right, like, from a top of funnel standpoint, final boss hour is extremely, extremely creative, you know, and they have a budget that they dedicate to top of funnel, like, high production, videos, those kinds of things. I don't think that you have to go that far, like I shared in my example, you know, with a with a supplement seller and and, you know, creating educational content versus buy, buy, buy. You know, I think there's just a difference in mindset. So Brian, my question to you is based on what you sell, is there an edge? Is there like a way to be entertaining with it? Is there a way to be educational with it?

Speaker  752784:00
Yeah, you know, I think there definitely is. And I think the main learning here is that we've been approaching our mid funnel as top funnel. We're not truly making content that's that that's specifically targeted for entertainment, like we kind of mix it both. And I see our view rates drop off after the first few seconds. That's because people aren't really bought into the idea of our product yet. So I think there's plenty of work to do for that top funnel piece.

Speaker  760741:20
Yeah. So I was talking to Brandon Furman last night at a party, and we were talking about his Amazon business. I know what he sells, and I'm, I'm a buyer, bought his products. And, you know, we were kind of discussing this little bit, and I was like, you know, you need more information, style, content, you know, that's just selling an experience. Like, why is somebody on Tiktok? They're not there to buy your product. They're not, because if they wanted to buy your product, they would have already gone to Amazon, right? That's where they would have gone. They're on the that's so really aligning with your ICP. You guys all have an ICP, right? Why are they on social media? What is going to interest them about your product? So let's say that you sell kitchen knives. Brian, I don't know what you saw. Then, what? How can we demonstrate the knives in a way that benefits the customer? Maybe it's some juicy ribeye. Maybe it's shaving some really beautiful tuna, you know? Maybe it is teaching people some knife skills and being like, you don't have to be a chef to develop knife skills, right? Like, whatever it is. Does anybody want to brainstorm active brainstorm,

Speaker  782154:40
sharpen, how to sharpen your knife? Yeah, how to how to get the best life out of your knife? Yeah? Where you should keep the knives in the kitchen to keep them safe.

Speaker  785392:00
What happens if your knife isn't sharp? Kind of, like, slip on the tomato and, like, kind of stab yourself totally.

Speaker  787104:00
My daughter was cutting an apple with a knife yesterday or earlier last week, and she's nine, right? So I'm we're new to knife skills and trusting her to, like, make good choices, and I could tell she was struggling with that knife, and I was like, This is dangerous. Like an adult, a dull knife is more dangerous than a sharp knife, truly, right? That's their accidents happen, right? So, so educational, inspirational, controversial, you know, those kinds of things. Does anybody have a brand that you want to like? Actively brainstorm.

Speaker  797754:40
Hey, Shan. Shan, I have a puzzle for you. So I launched a Tiktok account about a year ago, and I have sexy tights. My product is sexy, and I thought got great engagement, lots of views, but they were all from kind of creepy men, yeah,

Speaker  802928:00
because why was it on the platform? I mean,

Speaker  803712:00
yeah, it wasn't helpful sales at all. Like, I got zero sales. So if your product is kind of sexy. How do you get females? And not because I just did it again. I just launched last month. I'm still getting men. It's how do you solve the sexy part?

Speaker  809077:20
So such a great question. And Shan, did we meet in Milan? I feel like we had this conversation a little

Speaker  810997:20
bit. No, but I am currently accelerate.

Speaker  811658:40
Okay, alright. So, oh, you're at accelerate right now. Great, maybe we'll see you. See you wandering around. So sexiness. I mean, let's, let's be honest, sex sale, Sex sells. But are we selling to the wrong people? So if we're wanting to target those ladies to wear it for their men, or maybe you need to shift gears and say, men, if men are following, you be like, dude, like, get this for your lady. Like, buy this for her, you know, kind of a thing, as opposed to, you know, and maybe, from a demonstration standpoint, it's not a sexy girl wearing it, right? It's and the demonstration side of things, it's the like, Hey, are you looking for a gift for your wife to give back to you, you know, like that kind of a thing, maybe leaning into the audience that you're already attracting. But yeah, that one's, that one's a little rough from a top of funnel standpoint. Maybe it's, maybe the content yourself is like, Hey, ladies are are you of a certain age where your love life is maybe slowing down, and we want to heat things up a little bit. Are we missing that connection with your husband, you know, and leaning into content like that, as opposed to just showing up and being like, well, bam, you know, with the sexy stuff, I don't know. Is that helpful? Is that,

Speaker  837605:20
yeah, I guess I just need to switch with the content. I mean, the content is just, there's not even a face in it. It's just the legs and the tights. I'm not even trying, yeah, to track, man, but yeah, I gotta brainstorm.

Speaker  841269:20
What are we talking? Are we talking 10s of 1000s of views? Hundreds of 1000s?

Speaker  842549:20
No. I mean, this time around, it was a lot lower. I don't know why. Last time it was, I may only try for a month, but like, maybe, like a couple 1000, because

Speaker  845066:40
I think that if you, if you got millions of views, then he's gonna be it's gonna generate sales. I'm wondering if you could lean, lean into it and make it as sexy as possible. And then you are going to get is going to lead to sales, or it's at least going to lead to some top of funnel awareness. And then you could do some other videos.

Speaker  851136:00
But you have to remember Tiktok is the Tiktok job is to keep people on the platform right. And so Tiktok as an algorithm, is trying to get to know you and your interest. And as soon as you become a user on the platform, it immediately starts to bombard you with content, to see what interests you, what you're going to engage with. And as a brand, it is trying to figure out who you're really for like based on other people's interactions with your content, you know what I mean. And so it's trying to say, Okay, this product is for this type of person. And so we're going to serve this up to this type of person. Now, if all of your content is being interacted with by dudes creeping on your sexiness, then it's confusing. It's that's a mismatch in the algorithm. Unless your call to action is like, get this for your ladies, you know, like, Wouldn't your wife look great in this when your girlfriend look great in this? You know, kind of a thing. And try that call to action. If you want to lean into that, then by all means, do so. But if you're like, I want to speak to the ladies, then it's kind of like, you've got to tell the algorithm that that's who you're for ladies is your like, like, is the butt flat? And we need to get some lifting action going on, like, and speaking more more to the the needs, as opposed to going straight to middle of funnel demonstration, where, that's where the algorithm is serving creepy men. So maybe an idea there. Dan, do you

Speaker  877482:39
sell mainly to female or male? Like who sell with on Amazon? Female?

Speaker  879418:40
Most of my customers are female. And I mean, I did try to make the hashtags like female, hashtags like fashion related, but somehow all the comments are still from men. So I try to make, you know, everything, every like the copyright, but I definitely, it's definitely female,

Speaker  885216:00
yeah, yeah. Cuz that's, that's who's wearing it, and that's who's going to be searching for those types of things. But why is she searching for it? Why? Why does she want to wear those sexy leggings? Like, what is motivating, that desire, that need? Of course, every woman wants to feel beautiful. But there's also something else that, from a top of funnel content perspective, you can tap into, and you know and speak to along those lines. Any other situations you guys are like that you want to brainstorm any anybody else have a product that they want to you know, or category a product that you want to brainstorm for? Top of funnel. Top of funnel is hot. Top of funnel is hard. It's a different way of thinking, for sure. Yeah. Anyone

Speaker  897200:00
else got a category report up? Put it in the chat?

Speaker  898112:00
I guess I got mine. It's a series. So what we have is a brand of natural skincare. And one thing that makes us unique is that our cleansers, such as our body wash and face wash. Jamie, you're a customer, we use the soap berry as the main surfactant. So it's basically a wild harvested fruit. It's a berry. You take it off of a tree, you roll it in your hands, and it creates soap. It's naturally antibacterial. It's just purely like a way for us to connect with nature and realize that we don't need industrial chemicals to cleanse ourselves. We can just,

Speaker  908266:40
do you still put the berry in every packet as well?

Speaker  908986:40
Yeah, we have it in every packet so everyone can kind of see exactly what is, what's their soap made out of. And even people can, like, plant trees with it, plant soap berry trees. So we give instructions for that.

Speaker  912528:00
Brian, you just made a bunch of top of funnel content just right then, like, as you described, that you didn't talk about your product once you talked about your ingredient and what made it different. And it's nature soap, and you don't need industrial chemicals. Did you know that nature, that there's like a soap that grows on a tree right, and leaning into the soap Berry and telling the soap berry story will naturally tell your product story, right? That is top of funnel content. In a nutshell, you just congratulations, you, you know top of funnel content. So leaning into that education about like, the soap Berry is perfect. That's, that's exactly it cool,

Speaker  924234:40
cool. So, yeah, I guess I'm having trouble making, like, like, the practical steps after, is it just, I just got to get in front of the freaking camera and do my spiels and maybe do some iterations of it, or at least get some team members to talk about it, or people who, like, maybe look the part more like, what can I do

Speaker  928672:00
you, or you, or AI videos, or anybody. I mean, it's, it's all in just this, the the attitude of the scripting, right? And and saying, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna invest in some educational content around soap Berry and, like, our main ingredient, and maybe some BTS, like, some behind the scenes of, just, like, hey, like, this is, this grows in Indonesia and, and here's a great way that it, like, it has to be harvested a certain way. Or, I don't know, you know, like, like, really explaining, I've never heard of soap berries, you know. Like, how does it work? Demonstrate how it works, how it films it, like, how you pick it, how it foams up, all the things, you know.

Speaker  941066:40
Yeah, cool, yeah. Thank you for that. Yeah, this is a big strategic initiative that we're starting. And yeah, definitely, we're gonna invest there, and I'll reach out to you for any questions and partnership, maybe

Speaker  944944:00
Ryan, I want to learn about a soap Berry.

Speaker  945568:00
Yes, cool. That's awesome. That's encouraging.

Speaker  946688:00
Okay, Kevin, wow. All right, our product is vaginal suppositories. We help with a bunch of super embarrassing women's health issues. Okay, all right, okay, you've got me from a top of funnel perspective. Yes, you know whose content you need to look at is, who does a pretty good job of this. Is Lumi. So Lumi, it was the first kind of vaginal deodorant, or full body deodorant, and they have a lot of funny content created by the Harmon brothers. They're based out of Utah. I'm based in Utah. That's how I know. And no woman wants to talk about vaginal odor ever. So don't you ever bring it up, You know? But can you educate but

Speaker  965333:20
go there. You don't want to, you don't want to

Speaker  966133:20
go there. Because one thing I've noticed is that when, when, sometimes, when women feel joked about, at least with this, they get super defensive. And everything else, really

Speaker  969093:20
it there's this is why I'm saying like, this is not an easy conversation. This is not like a quick whiz bang, here's a here's a quick fix, man. So I would spend some time thinking about how you can educate in a helpful way so and and be like, well, what are the factors that play into odor down there? Like, like, like, let's be sensitive about this topic. And be like, Why? Why do we have odor down there? What? What is happening? You know, like, how can we stop it? Ah, like, nobody's like, Yay,

Speaker  981471:59
right?

Speaker  982085:20
So it's, there's, there's gotta be, there's gotta be tact, and so I would probably lean into that authority figure talking about solutions. So obstruction, like, like, nobody, you know somebody, gynecologists, nurse practitioners, right? Like midwives. Midwives Go, go, like the holistic route. And find some, find some, some people that women can relate to, you know, right? And, and it, and it can be, also one of those things that, like, like the sexy leggings make it worse, right? Because there's not breathing breathability going and going on. You got something all wedged up down there? So I didn't know that today I would be talking about vaginal odor, but here we are. But does that make sense from like, a content development standpoint? What would

Speaker  996687:59
you think? So I have this crazy idea. What would you think about, like a hot dude reading like daytime drama scripts, or like to just appeal to women in general, or like, like reading Twilight or reading 50 Shades of Gray out loud type of thing, like, if we hire like a sexy male model type of guy To, you know, because they really appeal to, like, our core demographic of women. Then stuff,

Speaker  1004874:40
I'm to sell vaginal odors repositories,

Speaker  1006218:40
yeah, yeah, as to get the to get someone's attention. It could even be like going live while doing that.

Speaker  1008330:40
Is this, like, the equivalent of having Minecraft videos in the background while you try to sell to a kid, having actor read Twilight, while you have, like,

Speaker  1011440:00
the thing where you were selling can't, like, there's they're selling candy, but they start off with, like, here's a here's a sexual predator with a van, with the candy in the van. And then also, by the way, buyer candy, right? It's like, it gets your attention, and then, but then it's you kind of,

Speaker  1016341:20
you know, are they? Are they? I guess the thing is, is that?

Speaker  1018741:20
Yeah, yeah. I mean, Chad, you can just jump in. You don't have to, like, just chat it. But, yeah, yeah. I guess Kevin, for me, there's a disconnect between what you're attracting, what you're luring them in with, and what you're then trying to sell them on, you know, like, if, let's just say that you're trying to create brand awareness, just brand awareness in general, like, this is on your brand page, and you're gonna hire somebody to be like the face of your brand, Sexy dude reading Twilight versus a midwife or a gynecologist figure, you know, having been like an authority figure, and like coming from a place of talking to millions of women about their private issues, health issues like this one, there's a disconnect. This one can immediately be connected from like authority to sure product I get that you're trying to be fun. But there is also that, like, you know, not everything with vaginal odor has to do with sex, right? You know what I'm saying. So it's not just like, well, the only reason that I want to fix this is because I don't want to be embarrassed when my man is down there, right? Like, like, women want to do this for themselves, not for some dude. You know? I guess

Speaker  1042688:00
I was thinking from the point of view of, like, that first book, or attention grabbing or retention, like I we were thinking I was, like, an idea I have is to just hire, like, lots of these people to read daytime drama type of content, and then just go live on Tiktok with that constantly. And then just have it once in a while. You know, brought this, this thing is brought to you by New by our company, right? Our company's called new week, right? Like, just, and then have it in the side. But then just, you know, people are there for their main entertainment, because I don't know who likes to normally watch, like daytime TV, like days of our lives and Ellen and stuff like that. It's like, yeah, I don't know. That's an idea I had. I don't know, but might be bad.

Speaker  1055690:40
I mean, you can do you can try and test whatever you want. I'm just, I'm just saying, like, as a marketer, I would want there to be the opportunity to make connection between what you're talking about and the product itself. So if somebody's going to be like, going live, you know, and hiring people to go live for you, hiring a bunch of midwives to hop on live, you know, every day for you and talking about, hey, we're here to talk about all things vaginal health, you know, share your questions or your problems. You know, like we're here to answer and be helpful to you is like, I don't, I don't know, like, for me, that's more helpful and and it's not going to be some leap later to, you know, introduce a vaginal suppository than, than just attracting people with straight entertainment, you know, okay,

Speaker  1070858:40
well, thank you. Yeah, appreciate that. But

Speaker  1071354:40
I'm always happy to brainstorm, you know, like and you, you worked me today, that's for sure. I didn't know where that was going.

Speaker  1073632:00
How you get on

Speaker  1074352:00
when you open it up to like, bring it, guys, let's do it. Y'all brought it. Good job. Good job. So just from a call to action standpoint, guys, we are a full service Tiktok shop agency as well as consulting. So if you're interested or have any questions about how to work with us, we do the full onboarding management, custom in house content creation. We do have a studio in LA that we shoot content at, creator, recruitment and management, advertising management the whole nine yards, and we're very well connected within Tiktok shop as well. I spent all day yesterday at headquarters here in Bellevue with all the fun folks over there. So if that's something that's of interest to you, feel free to scan that. It'll take you to our website where you can fill out our opportunity audit form and and our team will connect with you there. So any other questions and in the time that

Speaker  1087978:40
Yeah. So just Belen, if you can, just post the link to the air table just before we do any any last questions, and that'll be just a link to everyone to rate the call and give me some feedback so I can help make these calls as good as possible. We put those in.

Speaker  1092432:00
Yeah? Is this been helpful for you guys?

Speaker  1093424:00
Yeah, it's been, been, been awesome.

Speaker  1094570:40
Yeah, very much. Thank you. Go ahead. Alex, sorry, Brian, oh, just saying, it's been really helpful. And, yeah, thank you so much. Michelle, awesome, cool.

Speaker  1097771:40
So, yeah, feedback form is there? Oh, we got a request for a follow up call already. Affiliate strategy. Yeah, there's so much. There's so much to discuss on Tiktok, isn't there?

Speaker  1100602:36
It really is. And I'm always happy to come back and just do an AMA, you know. Like, I am I, like, you can rapid fire at me questions all day long. Like, it's very, it's very rare that I'm stumped today. You guys. Like, some brought some heat, which I love it. I love it, like, like, you know, but there's a lot of nooks and crannies to Tiktok shop, and there's lots of different things from a strategy standpoint, that sometimes we're just and there's new things all the time. There's new things just yesterday that I learned about that are, like, really huge game changers that I'm excited to be sharing and rolling out as soon as we have a chance to kind of wrap some strategy and test it. So, cool things, cool things, for sure,

Speaker  1112245:20
you seeing many brands make AI content work really, really well, or are they more of the edge cases at the moment, and it's generally still content with real people? That's winning mostly

Speaker  1115626:40
so bottom of funnel. Bottom of funnel content for AI, is where I've seen it most useful, in that there is some that is top of funnel oriented for supplements, specifically where you can't demonstrate the product, you know, supplements and can't really demonstrate right and, and even Brian, you could even look on AI to see, like, create some content around the soap Berry. That's not a prompt. I'm not an AI prompting. Build a Better prompt. But just even seeing like, creating some content around soap berries, maybe, you know, instead of, you know, filming that directly. Um, AI, still has a little bit to go from just a regular product demonstration capabilities, but it's getting there fast. Here's the thing, though, is that tick tock, um, you know, tick tock was built in the time of covid, right when we were all stuck at home with our roots growing out and our kids running in the background and and there was that feeling of authenticity, and just like, like people being real on the platform, it wasn't this highly curated experience, like you saw on Instagram, for example, right? Instagram is everything's perfect, right? And it's just very aspirational. Tiktok is not aspirational. It's often that authenticity is what draws people in, that you're going to show up, and now is that actual like, obviously, there's a million conspiracy theories that go on on on Tiktok, and even just this last year, with the tragedies that have happened in the United States, in my home state of Utah, so heartbreaking, there's a lot of drama on The platform as well. So, but people are on there for the authenticity. So all that being said, I don't like the future of AI on the platform we are seeing now. And I saw even last night that something that is AI generated video has to be marked as such, like, this is an AI video, you know, like, that kind of a thing so that transparency is there, and so it'll be interesting to see how welcomed that is. Obviously, there's a ton of AI content that's very educational or very entertainment. You know the Sasquatch, you know stories that are out there, and you know things that are obvious. Ai, right? That are almost animation level. Ai, that stuff that is product oriented. Still, I feel like has a little bit of way to go if we're talking middle of funnel content. Awesome.

Speaker  1155439:59
Thanks so much, Michelle. Enjoy the rest of the conference. If you haven't done the virtual event feedback form, then we're just asking for a score out of 10 if you want to give some extra feedback on top, That's great. Thanks Michelle. Really enjoyed it. Cheers. Nice guys.

Speaker  1160590:40
Bye. Thank you.
