MDS Mogul Call with John Fexy from TikTok
Date: May 21, 2025

Speaker  5184:00
Hey, Jamie, Hey, how's it going? Good? How are you?

Speaker  6661:20
Yeah, good. Me and I'm me and Katie. Watched the David Kim recording from tired I want to give out my Come on. Let's do it. Let's do it. So good.

Speaker  10725:20
I haven't seen it because I was working on another thing at that same time, but I think it would be good idea for me to watch it. Too

Speaker  13290:40
inspiring. Everyone should watch it. Yeah, you'll at least understand what the anecdotes mean, even if Yeah, car relates like running an E commerce company, at least you'll know what he's talking about. I of course,

Speaker  17072:00
get talking about, hey Leah, Hey everyone,

Speaker  17888:00
good morning, good good evening. What time zone you are? You guys are in?

Speaker  19568:00
It's midday for me, nice.

Speaker  20528:00
Yeah, it's nearly five, nearly 5pm in the UK. Wow,

Speaker  22277:20
I miss Seattle, so it's a 50 am for me. Yes. Ca,

Speaker  23749:20
yeah,

Speaker  24037:20
different time zones I'd like to So John is going to be the main speaker from the TikTok shop today, and Hi Jamie, and hi Belen. It's our first time meeting. I guess we've been talking on emails. This is Leah from TikTok shop. I will be sort of the supporting crew here for John joining later, he's going to share the pitch that I like the slides and get engaged with the poll questions. So as I talk with you, Belen, I just want to try to make sure the the pose and the rehearsals, like all the technical stuff, are ready.

Speaker  34719:59
Let's see

Speaker  35120:00
we know when weeks two to four, when we do the other calls or not, right? There's going to be another four calls after this, right? Oh, yeah,

Speaker  38501:20
I don't have a date yet.

Speaker  38997:20
We haven't upset the slide.

Speaker  39461:20
Yeah, cool. So I'm going to launch the first poll just to check Thank you, because I won't see it, but you will,

Speaker  42922:40
okay, let me test this.

Speaker  43914:40
Okay, yeah, in

Speaker  44394:40
the past, we have had some problems with polls on Zoom because I think it's sometimes because too many people are logged in on the same account from MDS. But if that happens, then just do the questions in the in the do the questions in the chat,

Speaker  48848:00
yeah, okay, but you can see it right now. Elia, right? Yeah,

Speaker  49968:00
I can see that.

Speaker  50256:00
Yeah, that's good. Okay,

Speaker  50720:00
I ended it. I'm sharing the results that you should see right now, too.

Speaker  52528:00
Oh yes, I can see that too. Okay, let

Speaker  53216:00
me know if you want me to share them or not, that's you. And then we have the second one that should pop up on your screen. Perfect.

Speaker  56757:20
I'm gonna

Speaker  57061:20
end it and share the results.

Speaker  58453:20
Somebody's logged in as iPhone. So could you? Can you add your real name like as it appears on Facebook, so like the name that we know you as please.

Speaker  61834:40
This is the last one which I'm gonna end and share. The results, okay

Speaker  63626:40
and

Speaker  63930:40
stop sharing, and I want to check once more, because, okay, we launched, yeah, I have the option to relaunch it, so I'm gonna double check, Just in case.

Speaker  68800:00
Little clear, yeah, okay, perfect. Oh, okay, it works, Perfect, good, amazing.

Speaker  72453:20
Okay, I think

Speaker  72981:20
if you want to try the presentation, you feel free to do that, but that should work. We always do that for each and every call, so it should work.

Speaker  76810:40
Let me yeah. Thank you, Belen for giving the test. Let me see if this lies. I mean, I'm not the speaker, but I think John, he would have it ready on his hands so that he can just adjust the slice following his floor. Yeah, okay. I'll mute for a second and wait for him to jump in. Is,

Speaker  85088:00
well, hey guys, thanks for joining.

Speaker  85984:00
Oh. I forgot about the

Speaker  87029:20
so this is going to be week one of five. So weeks two to five will be hosted by someone else, but this is we're just doing this week one on the mobile call. I guess once we know who we've got, once we know who we've got, then we can probably figure out a time. Maybe that's how it'll work. I

Speaker  96880:00
All right, the vanilla family. I'm guessing that's Alex,

Speaker  97552:00
yeah, but I guess so,

Speaker  98736:00
default, zoom, zoom, name. So Belen. Do we know who's going to host the other calls, or every not? Um,

Speaker  100656:00
I'm guessing, um, I'll be there for sure, and then we might have either Anita or some other MDS person, but I'll probably be the one. Hey, John, how's it

Speaker  106629:20
going? Can you hear us?

Speaker  107418:40
Sure, can. How are you?

Speaker  108330:40
Yeah, good. Oh, hey, June. How are you? June? Are you? Are you calling from Hong Kong? Yeah,

Speaker  110490:40
I am

Speaker  111114:40
putting in the late nights. Yeah,

Speaker  111818:40
it's about midnight here, but this kind of works. Do

Speaker  113504:00
you have to stay up late to talk to people in America, or is it just your style?

Speaker  114560:00
I don't know why, but this time, I guess, works for these kinds of calls. Otherwise, mornings are just packed with calls. Anyways. So,

Speaker  117120:00
yeah. Oh, cool. Well, yeah, good. Thanks for having you here. All right. John Fexy, how you doing?

Speaker  119237:20
Doing good. How are you? Yeah, doing awesome.

Speaker  119765:20
Great. Thanks for coming on and doing this. Yeah, of course, you guys been doing a few different things with MDS. So yeah, we really appreciate it. No

Speaker  121941:20
happy to be here and talk more through TikTok shop and answer any questions. And excited to be here.

Speaker  124170:40
That's great. So what whereabouts, whereabouts you at the moment in the world?

Speaker  125338:40
All of us are located in Seattle. So yeah, yeah. What about you guys?

Speaker  126474:40
So I am in Brighton, in England. And yeah, so we've got people on the call all around the world. It's got tune in Hong Kong, some Americans other John, where are you? I'm in Toronto, Canada. Oh, cool. Great. Yeah. Call skill. Awesome. So, but then when we post these recordings, do they do they do they do? They start them, you know, after I've done the slides at the correct bit, or have they been starting with 10 minutes of chit chat?

Speaker  136917:20
No, no. They start when I when, when we say, welcome. Okay,

Speaker  138645:19
the recordings been starting earlier, but

Speaker  139578:39
no, yeah, it's just because the note taker is already here. And if I don't accept the Kat note taker to take notes, then it leaves and it's messy. So we'd rather have this to have the Cliff Notes and everything ready. I'm checking if you have some people that I know wanted to be here, and we don't. I mean, it's not that the hour yet. So,

Speaker  147103:59
right. So what we've got, you know, in MDS, I would say, you know, in MDS, you've got about 80% Americans. Would you say Belen?

Speaker  150213:19
Yes, probably maybe a bit less, but yeah, close.

Speaker  151861:20
And then you know, of those, maybe half, between a quarter and a half are serious TikTok shop sellers. And then out of those, you'll have a percentage sort of in the fashion category or an adjacent category. So you might get some people coming on who maybe aren't in fashion, but just want to find out what's going on. And then you'll also have some people that maybe come at the time. We'll check out the check out the recording, recording later. So let's just do the MDS. Let's do the MDS slides now. Yes,

Speaker  161056:00
give me a sec as

Speaker  161903:59
we have. The first thing I promote is the app. And in the app, we got some like message channels for specific things, including a including a TikTok channel, which I hope you guys are all on, but if you're not on then I think it's relatively easy to apply to be on it.

Speaker  167461:20
Yes, we have a TikTok Shop Channel call tomorrow. I like every because we fixed the schedule so we can talk about this call at that call tomorrow too,

Speaker  171962:40
right? So I just run through some some MDS housekeeping quickly while I got you guys here. So check out. So the first one, the first slide, is about the app. I've just started catching up on some of the Inspire slides. Of anyone that went to inspire will have the Inspire recordings. I also get them because I work for MDS as well, and I'm looking for ideas mobile calls, but, and there's also other things on there, like maybe channel calls or like chapter calls. So stuff you may not have been invited to live or you couldn't make, and so yes, best content out there. So, you know, check it out in the car, out for a walk at home, make the best use of it in the channels there. Next up,

Speaker  183253:20
we're also slowly tripping some of the Inspire speakers there too. Oh, sorry.

Speaker  185237:19
Oh, great. Okay, that's awesome. We're hoping to get the David. We're campaigning to get the David. Kim one for everyone. I think that will happen. Belen, yeah,

Speaker  187850:40
for sure. If it's not done already, it shouldn't be

Speaker  189226:40
awesome. So Milan summit, I an amazing city, hoping to see you guys there. I'm sure American members want to get over to Europe more often. We would love to see you there. So you know, MDS always does a great job at these big events, and it's great to see everyone. So we've got something really special for you there. I hope to see you there. I'm definitely going next up. Yeah, so please join the WhatsApp group. It's broadcast only. It's pretty much just me doing a message on Monday telling you what the call is going to be and then reminding you about you on Wednesday. That's it. So just means you always know about the calls. So please join that. TikTok shop are an official partner. So you know, TikTok are keen to work with us, help us out, so scan that or find that from the partner section of the app, they are here to help you get set up. All right, so let's, let's start the recording.

Speaker  206586:40
Alright? So welcome, welcome John, John Fexy from TikTok. Thanks so much for coming on and, you know, very generously agreeing to do five weeks with us, particularly focused on members in the fashion category. Brilliant. John, so yeah, thanks so much. Where did you want to get started?

Speaker  212432:00
Yeah, I can just do a quick introduction on myself, and then I can share a presentation, what we'll kind of go through today. So I'm John. I work here at TikTok shop. I've been here for about a year now in the business development side, so really working with brands, helping them onboard onto TikTok shop and getting them the support they need. We understand that TikTok is, you know, can be challenging sometimes. So that's where we're here to help answer all those questions, and so really just the full spear of like getting all these brands on and then passing them off to an account manager to really help scale and grow their sales. So today, we'll kind of walk through a presentation of, you know how TikTok shop operates, what you need to do to be successful, and then how to get started. So that's the introduction for me, and I'll I'll share my screen. We'll take some breaks, not breaks, but like, stop at each section just to see if there's any questions. But yeah, just excited to kind of share more about TikTok shop today. So I'll show my screen right here, and I'll start. So let's just wanna make sure everybody can see it real quick. So welcome to TikTok shop. So today kind of already went through it, but I'm gonna start off with just some key facts on TikTok shop, stuff that you guys might not be aware of, really, how it operates, what makes brand successful, the connectors. So that'll be you know your Shopify, your WooCommerce, how you can upload your products to TikTok shop, and then how to get started. So to start off, I always really like this slide, because I think people don't realize the mass power of TikTok, as well as the demographics that are actually on TikTok shop. TikTok really started off as this young demographic of dancing and creativeness, but has really turned into a place where people use it as a shirt search engine. So a lot of times, they'll go on there just to search restaurants and use it almost like a Google search to see what other people are posting about it. So now brands have decided to get onto TikTok and sell their product because it really drives that impulse buying, and I'll talk more about that in a little bit. But the way I describe TikTok shop is it's basically this giant mall, and it is free to rent a space, and the only time the space costs any sort of money is when a customer comes in and purchases an item, and that will be your 6% referral fee that TikTok shop takes. So it really is free to join and sign up, you can put any sort of your products on there, and so there's no really skew limit there. The limitations are endless at really TikTok shop. The ones that we see the most successful is what you put effort into TikTok shop. It is not like Amazon, where you can just set up a shop and let it sit there. It is algorithm based and it is effort based. So that is something I always like to tell people. You don't you can't just throw a bunch of money at it and just let it sit there. You need to get your products in front of people. So 170 million users are on TikTok for an hour and a half a day. And so that just kind of goes to show how many people are searching on TikTok. And that was kind of the real emphasis of you need to be posting products or having other people post your products for you on there to get in in front of people's, you know, screens and so like, if I have ever searched shirts before, that's how those type of even if I'm not following your account, that's how it'll pop up onto my algorithm. So the more you post, the more frequent you are. That's how it'll show up. And right now, we're running 2% referral fee on sales for the first 60 days. And as I mentioned, you know, it's 6% referral fee on sales after. Also, I really find this interesting as well. 24% of the users are 45 and older now. So, you know, again, as I reiterated before, it was, you know, started off very you know, Gen Z, Gen Y, young demographic, but everybody's on TikTok now. People are searching. People are looking at different types of products. So something important to note. And then 56% of users are women and 44% are men. So kind of an almost split demographic. So whether you sell more, you know, tailored to women, more tailored to men, are all on TikTok. And you know, searching different avenues. So that's kind of the key facts of that I always like to share with people to kind of get an understanding of who's on TikTok so starting off, I just have a quick poll for everybody, just to kind of understand what, how many ways that sellers can promote and sell products on TikTok shop. So want to kind of get an understanding of your guys's knowledge on there. So if you guys could just take a quick second and just answer this, then we can kind of go through what the answer is and how it operates. So I'll give everybody about 1530 seconds to just give their best guess. Yeah.

Speaker  289056:00
This guess is in good to see the polls working while on Zoom had problems in the past.

Speaker  290351:59
Yes, thank you, Leah, for setting that up. She is I prefer

Speaker  291056:00
just getting people to put 1234, in the chat. But the poll is, the poll is much more professional, so we'll have to do some more polls in future? Yeah,

Speaker  293941:20
you're gonna ask me to prepare him in advance.

Speaker  295061:20
Thank you. Well,

Speaker  295413:20
so we need, we need to have the settings ready for them to work. Is that right?

Speaker  296709:20
We can do it in the moment, but it just takes a couple of minutes. Okay, all right, everything ready, and

Speaker  298677:20
is there a way to see the results after I think hopefully that's the only part I

Speaker  299850:40
now, here are the results.

Speaker  301066:40
Okay, so very, very close and split. The answer is four. There are four different ways, but really good guesses. So the majority got it right, and we can kind of go through what types of ways there are for selling on TikTok shop. So as I had mentioned before, here are kind of the high level ways of selling. I'll go into each individual one, and then we'll take a pause just for any questions that you guys have on this. So the first way on the on the left is your shoppable content. So that's the content that you will be posting, where you tag your products into the videos that you are posting or an affiliate is posting. So that's the first way. The second way is your brand page. So this is when you set up a shop. You link your shop link to your handle. So that way, if someone is searching your brand, they really like your following your content. They can see that you guys already have a shop there, and then they can browse through your products. The third way is live streaming. This is a new concept that is massive in Asia that has really been brought over to here. It's a way to really engage with your community in a live stream. So basically showcasing your products to a real life audience, having them ask real questions in real time, talking about the fit, the size, you know, you can run promotional discounts, you know, for the next 15 minutes while you're on live so it's a really unique way of engaging with people all over the US. And it's just, is, it's blew my mind when I first started at TikTok, but it's, it's been very successful, and the regular cadence is really important to that as well. And then the last way is your shop tab. So that is your typical Amazon, you know, go on to a shop tab, search, you know, pair of jeans, and then all the jeans will come up. And you can filter by, you know, price discount. You can search specific, specific brands. So those are really the four ways that you shop, and kind of go into them individually each to see kind of how each one works. So the first one is product links. So this is, again, where I was talking about so this will be you as the brand, posting content on your behalf, and then making sure that you tag products. So anybody that has a TikTok is already most likely posting, you know, content just to kind of drive, you know, a marketing channel. So essentially, getting out to everybody that they need to see. The what we, you know, came up with is we wanted to post and link the product on there, so that way, as you can see, if you just click on this shopping cart, when someone posts this, it's an immediate, you know, pop up and shows that you can add this product to the cart and buy it now. So really driving that impulse buying. So it's very seamless, so you can do this on your behalf, and then affiliates can do that as well. So we'll talk about affiliates a little bit down the line. But this is really important. I would say this drives a good chunk of the sales by you, posting it yourself, and then affiliates posting it for you. And then the affiliates, what they do is they talk about the product in their posts. They'll tag it, and then it'll link back to your shop. So that's the first of like linking product links to your own content. The second of, what I had mentioned before is your shop page. So as you can see on this far left screen, you have the shop icon right in the little underneath section of like revolve. So this is where you know as we take you through the process of getting all of your products linked there. This is a really important piece. You don't have to necessarily have your shop link tapped to your account, but we always recommend it because it's just a way for everybody to see your additional products. You can also link it to five marketing handles as well. So if you don't necessarily want to link it to your main handle, but you have other marketing channels that you'd like to link it to, that's an option as well, but it does not require to get onto TikTok shop again. It's just, as we always like to say, as many viewers that you can get your product in front of is always a good thing. So as you can see, once you click on that shop tab on the left hand side, it'll pull up your page. So as you can see, this revolve. You can see all of their products. You can look through the reviews, their different categories, what their best sellers are. And then once you click on the product, it's the similar as the first page, where you can either add it to your cart or buy it now. So this is the shop page on your brand handle. And so another thing to make note of, when the when I was talking about affiliates and working with you guys, they will not have this shop tab. It's just individual products that they would be posting on your behalf. Don't want to get that confused at all. Live shopping is something that when brands first get on, we usually have a walk, run, kind of sprint plan for everybody. As we can see, there is a lot of different avenues and aspects of TikTok shop, we don't necessarily like to kind of throw all this all at you at once. Eventually, we do want you to be doing all of these different avenues. But I would say live does come a little bit down the road. The biggest thing that we would say being successful on TikTok shop is the content is the affiliates, and the strong product live is just really the cherry on top. So if there's, you know, no time to do live, I would not be discouraged, you know, of still joining TikTok shop again. It's really just an addition, just to get out into, you know, your viewers, because the algorithm does pick it up and it boosts you. But I wouldn't say it's necessarily, you know, a deal breaker of, oh, I don't have time to go live one hour a day or multiple times a week. It's just an, you know, in addition to everything else that we offer on how to sell. So explaining more about live, it's really unique. As I had stated before, you essentially click the Go Live button. This is something that we've helped brands set up a lot with, we usually recommend, you know, a little light music in the background, very clear, you know, background for everybody to see, light colors with the products all available. So you can, you know that when you first jump into the live, you're it's easy to hear. You can see all the products in the background of like, Can and asking, like, Oh, can I see this? Like, you know, red purse. Can you talk about this one a little bit more? So then everybody can jump in. As you can see on this, like, bottom screen, that's where all the comments will start to flow in. So that's where, you know, myself as a viewer, I would jump in if I want to see this, you know, have a question about this pair of blue jeans? You know, what sizes does it come in? This is where you get to ask questions. And then the part that I've seen very successful is running just kind of flash sales for 30 minutes. And so essentially, what that is, you know, as the host of being live, you know, I can say, Oh, we're going to run a deal here coming up soon. You know, these x products will be, you know, 10% off. You know, get them now. And so essentially, as each product comes up to the screen, the products will be then tagged similarly, where you can see the shop like button in the middle portion. And so everything that you'll be talking about, you can then click into and then add to your cart in that aspect. So again, what it is very complex. It is something that we do help. We actually have a centralized live team. There are still nooks and crannies that I don't even quite fully understand, but it is something that, you know, we've seen this most strong sellers really tap into this. And, you know, we even offer tsps, which is essentially like a third party that really helps us, you know, go live for you guys. So again, it's really about the investment in it, but just it's a really cool aspect. Again, it's massive in other countries, and it's starting to become a big thing here in the US. So that is live shopping. And then the last one, I won't go over too much, is the shop tab. And so I think the common mistake when brands do get onto TikTok shop is you can set up a shop and just kind of let it sit there, and sales will trickle through here and there. This usually is about only 15 to 30% of your total GMV on TikTok shop. I always just strongly suggest that you know you can do this, and you can just let your your shop sit there, and you will have some sales. But to get the full maximum potential of TikTok, you need to be you need to be posting. You need to be reaching out to affiliates the shop tab. You know, when you, when you think of the average viewer that comes onto TikTok shop, they're not necessarily always going to the shop tab. The first thing that pops up when you go into TikTok is a video, you know, comes to you that you've been watching or searching, and then you start scrolling, and that's what gets in front of you. You know, not necessarily, you're going into TikTok, and then immediately go into the shop. So it's really important to note that this is just a small portion of your sales. Again, it's it is good, and we do layer in some advertising for this, as you can see. But this should not be, you know, your your bread and butter of your GMV for TikTok shop, it really needs to be the content, the reaching out to affiliates, and then layering in live as it goes on. But these are the four primary ways you can sell on TikTok shop. And so I wanted to just take a quick, you know, second we have a Q and A at the end. So if you guys do have questions on all you know, other things we can but is there any questions with regards to these four ways before I move on?

Speaker  452976:00
So it's one question from Alex, which is, How many followers do the marketing channels need to start tagging products,

Speaker  455173:20
you actually you don't need a certain amount of followers. For the marketing channels, for an affiliate, you do need a certain amount of followers, so that's why. So that part is important. But for the marketing channels, you actually don't have a requirement, but good question, yeah,

Speaker  459674:40
Alex, have you got any follow ups on that? Alex,

Speaker  460682:40
yeah, okay, well, that's cool. I think in the beginning it was one channel needed zero and the other four needed something. So that's changed.

Speaker  463370:40
Yeah, I don't believe there's any restrictions anymore, because we just had set some up previously with a brand that I was working on, and there wasn't any requirements for them, I can double check. But when we did it, there was no requirements. Yeah, so, but again, like with the affiliates, you do need a certain amount of followers to promote products, so that is something that we do require. Right?

Speaker  469637:20
Cool. Thank you, yeah,

Speaker  470149:20
of course, good question. And then if there's no other questions, again, we do have a Q and A at the end, so I can take any questions outside of related to this, but these are really the four primary ways. So hopefully that was a good overview of how brands sell on TikTok shop and then how the viewers are coming across your products. So now we're going to talk a little bit about affiliates. This will just be the second question of three for for our poll. So I'm not sure, Jamie, if that's you, or Leah wants to just kick this off, we'll take, like, just another 30 seconds of you know, what do TikTok affiliates earn when someone buys a product through their link.

Speaker  483728:00
Give everyone another 1520 seconds I

Speaker  487989:20
amazing. So you guys absolutely nailed this. It is commission, and it is a little bit different than other marketplaces for affiliates, and what I mean by that is they do not get paid until they sell something, so there is no upfront money cost in working with an affiliate aside from a sample. So there's two types of samples that you can give out. You can give out free samples or a paid sample, that they would end up having to, like earn by selling the product. And there's two really ways to reach out to these affiliates. And so the two plans that we always talk about is an open plan and target plan. So an open plan, it really allows you to click on your products and outsource them to any creator in the network, and so those creators then can come to you and ask to be like, almost like, you know, on a brand ambassador for those products, and you can approve or deny this. And the reason why we recommend this open plan is because say for myself, I have 200,000 TikTok followers. You might not even think of you know, me and my followers as like, you know, a part of what your you know brand or sampling does. It really allows you to access and you know your product to a bunch of different people that you might not even realize is one of those you know, potential buyers of your items. And again, you can approve or deny these. It's just a good way to see who is even interested into that. We do have a limit of how many products affiliates can have. So essentially, you know, they can only have five at a time, and they need to be posting. You can get your Creator's license revoked. So we do want to make sure that you know you're not just sending out a sample. They're never posting. It's not coming to you. So there is strict guidelines on that that they need to abide by. So it's always important to note that, but the open plan is really just allowing anybody and everybody to come through, and then you can approve or deny, whether you want to work with them or not, and you would agree on a commission percent with them. So we would always say open plan is less commissioned than the targeted plan, the targeted plan and can kind of go through commission percents. And what we've seen brands do with that a target plan is something that's very more, you know, niche, and it's a small amount of creators. This is something that we would actually help you guys provide. So this is something where you would tell us my demographic, or, you know, avid purchaser is x. This is kind of who we would want representing this, and then we would pull a list of our top creators in that space. So for example, if I, you know, have 500,000 followers, and I'm big into the men's T shirts, and this is kind of what I've, you know, am really good at, and drive High Commission at for other brands. This would be one of, like, the targeted ones. If I saw a really good t shirt and I want to work with him, that's why you would boost up your commission percent, buy a few points, and then have a targeted message on how to work with them. And so how you would work with all these affiliates is, it is in your seller center. And so seller center is where you would set up your TikTok shop. It's where you would navigate through your orders. You can look through your orders if you use Shopify and others, but you can find almost everything you need in seller center and affiliates would be a portion of that. And then there's links on our seller Academy to kind of walk you through how you need to navigate that. And so what I would say is a realistic commission percent. Again, you can set it to your own. We've seen brands set it at 5% 1% you know you're just not going to get as much activity. I would say an average commission percent for open plan is anywhere between eight and 15% I would say is what I've seen. And then targeted plan again, this is a much smaller pool, probably really only 20 to 50 creators that you're reaching out to, those are your 15 to 20% and then you can always bump it up a little bit more. So say your open plan, you connect with someone, they actually generate a lot of GMV. You can always move them over to like a more like targeted, you know, someone that you work with closely, and even you know, bump them up one or 2% because of, like, the strong work that you do, we've seen that be a really good incentive. We always just say, start with a good percent, because it's hard to ever reduce it. You know, you can always increase it later on, but you can't really, it's hard to go back once you once you agree on a percent with, you know, one of these creators, and so I just overall, on the affiliate aspect, they're here to kind of help you sell. But also, you know, it's, it's their livelihood and their how they make money as well. So it's, it's really about partnering with them. I would say it's a very fast and easy way to get started as well. So if you are an account that you know is new to TikTok, might not have all this organic traffic yet, this is a great way to build that up. You know, we'd never want to rely too heavy on affiliates as well, because if your affiliates is primarily all of your GMV, it really depends on what they're posting and what they're creating, but it's a great way to kick start your sales. Kick Start, get the snowball rolling, and everybody starts coming to your page, and then you can lean more organically. We definitely always want it to be a portion of it, but we never want to rely all on affiliates, because then it can fluctuate based off of like, how much they post and they create off of your products. So this is the affiliates piece of selling on TikTok shop. I think, yeah, before I go on to kind of connectors, does anyone have any questions when it comes to working with affiliates? The importance of affiliates?

Speaker  586181:20
There was a question from Grace, which is, do we need to pay affiliates extra to use their videos as shop ads. What is the best practice for this?

Speaker  588362:40
No, you don't need to pay affiliates extra for shop ads. So if affiliate is doing really well, you can actually send this affiliate a spark code, and then that product can go on a discount for like a shop ad. So we've seen it be really successful in that aspect, where you can just kind of monitor what they're posting and the GMV that they're bringing in, and that's something that you can layer on to even add additional sales, but there is no extra cost for that with it with an affiliate. But good question

Speaker  598005:20
you could, you could do if you wanted to, yeah, you could,

Speaker  600533:20
yeah. She's asking, Is the video code the same as the spark code?

Speaker  601349:20
Um, I don't know video I'm not sure on, like, a video code. I just know that you send a spark code for, like, for layering in and advertising for their videos that they're posting. But I I'm not quite sure on the video code.

Speaker  606698:40
Yeah, I've not heard of video codes either. She's

Speaker  607354:40
probably thinking of the video ID, so everyone has access to that. That's not it. You need the spark code, and you actually get, you get the spark code from the Creator

Speaker  610416:00
Correct. Yeah.

Speaker  611136:00
If you do make a video, if you make a video, if you get a spark code, and you put a whole bunch of ads towards their video, you're kind of helping them to make more money and potentially get more followers. Anyway, that's,

Speaker  615189:20
yeah, I would say it's, may not

Speaker  615749:20
be necessary to increase the commission.

Speaker  616645:20
No, it's anyway, right? Yeah, I wouldn't say that's the best strategy to increase the commission. And I was more. I was more. We've seen it on successful affiliates and, you know, videos that are going viral, that they've posted, that you can add that spark code to add additional, you know, advertising to entice the viewer even more to buy the affiliates product. Obviously, that comes back to you, so it's just another aspect that you can work with them and also increase your sales,

Speaker  626240:00
right? Is that all clear grace, or have you got any more questions?

Speaker  627663:59
Yeah, I'll add to that real quick. If anything, you can actually lower the Commission

Speaker  628736:00
on Yeah, yeah. We've seen that as well, just because you're already advertising with that affiliate already. So, you know, it's taking, you know, advertising cuts away in your margins. So if you need to lower the you know, it's just something that you would work together with the affiliate on. So if you're, you know, you agree on 15% but you want to do, you know, advertising with their posts, you can just say, with this advertising, you can, you know, go down to 13% to kind of break, not necessarily break even is the right word, but, you know, come to an agreement on, but good question.

Speaker  639322:40
All right, John, let's go on to the next section. Yeah.

Speaker  639946:40
So very briefly and quickly see there's these are our commerce partnerships. So as you can see, I'm sure a lot of them you already work with, but Shopify, Salesforce, channel, advisor won't go into any of these. So this is what you would integrate into TikTok shop with. And this is we're very familiar. Our team has partnerships with all of these and we have experts that kind of can walk you through what this integration looks like. I will say custom integration takes the longest. So if you're going to API code into TikTok, we've had brands do it, but just want to level set, if that's one of you guys out there, it does require the most lift. And then we also partner with third parties such as aftership and others to help alleviate getting your products onto TikTok shop and scale effectively. So won't spend too much time on this, but just wanted to kind of to kind of give an overview of who we kind of partner with to get your products on. So the last poll for today should be relatively easy and straightforward, but just the keys to being successful onto TikTok shop. So we'll only probably need 15 seconds on this. But thank you guys for your participation in all of these, these polls today,

Speaker  666677:20
we've got a popular option here, yes,

Speaker  667226:40
should be as straightforward. Yes, it is all the above. You know, I I'll go to this next slide to kind of explain to everybody just being here for a year and seeing what has made a brand successful. You know, obviously you guys have came to here with a strong product that you guys would see as a good fit for TikTok shop. It's really layering the other aspects of it. So the content piece is important, as I had mentioned before. I just always like to hammer that home. You do want to get on a content schedule. You can still post marketing content. So if you're you know, already posting videos and other things, you don't want to just turn in, excuse me, into this shopping channel. So you don't need to post shoppable content every single day, and that's all you post. And then it's just feels too salesy. However. You do want to be posting on a regular cadence about your shoppable videos. That way, the algorithm picks it up. Knows when it's the same thing as live. It knows when you're you know are thinking of posts. You don't need to post the same time each day, but just on a weekly cadence, multiple times a week. That's what we would strongly suggest, as I've said before, getting your product in front of the viewers is just the most important part, you know. And with you guys having a strong product that will want, you know, the algorithm to pick up, as well as the creators and affiliates to work with you. And so seeing all of these like different levers, this is what I've seen be successful on TikTok shop is the ones who are posting content, who are reaching out to the affiliates, who have the affiliates pushing sales, but not even just pushing sales, pushing the product of people to then follow you, engage with you, a lot of the times, even if some of the sales aren't necessarily There, it's a great marketing channel to get your products out there. There's some facts that I didn't even bring up. Are, you know, how many people, if they see your guys's product, that will actually end up going into a store and buying it later on, you know? So it's not always a direct correlation of just purchasing it right then and there. Obviously, this is a huge impulse by, you know, it's not like Amazon, where you're comparing different prices, comparing different brands. You know, if you see a creator that you really like and follow, you know, you'll want to purchase it from them, but it keeps your, you know, your guys's product, your brand, in the back of their mind. And if they see it again in person, that you know, just drives another sense of urgency. So, you know, again, I know I've, you know, said it multiple times, but you can set up the shop, but it really is the energy and effort putting into it. We can give you all the tools to be successful, but it's actually, you know, put taking the time and, you know, creating that content. And doesn't need to be like Instagram with the filters and the music, it really can be. There was a video just the other week of just someone holding, you know, a bag, and just like talking about it, but just having it in our system, just again, helps tremendously. So that's the key levers for driving it. And so I know you guys were sent this kind of boot camp success pyramid of what you know, success looks like, and this is something that we have, you know, a team dedicated to help you guys with and understand and be able to grow so, you know, Just kind of diving in a little bit deeper. Really, the first, you know, week, I would say, is just making sure, you know, your product catalog is set up correctly. You have the right products on there. We had someone in the in the men's fashion, even just last week, you know, even put on some stuff on clearance. And so this is just another good example of, you know, they were trying to get out of items, put the stuff on clearance onto TikTok shop. It blew through all of the inventory, and just like, a matter of a week or so. So even just opportunities where you don't even, it's not, might even be your hero SKUs or your evergreen SKUs, but, you know, last season's items that you're trying to, you know, get through another great opportunity to post it on TikTok shop. There is no ski requirement. It's something that just, I think, is just a testament to the power of TikTok and like the ability to sell, you know? And so the first one is product catalog. The second is the affiliate plan enrollment. We talked about that, making sure that you're clicking onto your products, getting them into open plan, kind of understanding, you know, who will be reaching back out to you, getting them into a target plan, reaching out to those because, again, open plan will the creators are coming to you. The target plan is you going out to those key creators. So that is something that they'll help you with. And really, week three, so it looks like it's the short video content and live selling. Again, wouldn't focused? I don't want to say focus too much on the live selling, but really just making sure that the short video content is important. So getting on that consistent weekly basis, I do think you you should try out live selling if you have the time and the resources to but again, don't get discouraged if you don't. So that'll be around week three. So layering in the content, layering in the shopping ads, and then lastly, promotions and campaigns. I would say TikTok is constantly running campaigns. So for different different seasons, Father's Day, really, any you know, big holiday, big season. It is optional to enter into to these. We also run co funded campaigns a fair amount as well. So what I mean by that is, if you guys go 5% off, TikTok will match another 5% so your product will be 10% off. So another good area of opportunity to partner and collaborate together in these campaigns. So essentially, when you do enter into these campaigns, it's just extra boosts the algorithm picks it up more it'll be on the top of, you know, either the shop tab or your content that you're posting. So we've seen success in it. And again, not you don't need to be entered into everyone, but just another good opportunity of that. So this is kind of the boot camp that you'll be kind of taken in Journey wise. Wow, a lot more information on there. I will not go through all of this. You guys will have this at the end. But I think this is just, I'll let everybody kind of just kind of scan it, digest that a little bit. I kind of went through each one of these. But again, something important just to, like, understand what kind of each pyramid section will entail for all of these of when we're talking about the optimizing, we're talking about what to do with the affiliates, you know, again, talking about the content that you'll be posting, layering in the shop ads. So we'll share this with you guys. This is something that you know. We'll walk you through and help you with, but no need to again. That's we see how much it is. We understand that it is overwhelming, which is why, you know, we kind of just want to focus on a few main areas each week, so that way, you know, once you kind of understand where everything is, how to navigate seller Center, you can really pull all the levers necessary to be successful on TikTok shop, so we'll make sure that you guys have this after of what this bootcamp all entails. So now, for setting up TikTok shop, really, I describe it as two main pieces for getting on and what I mean by that is the first step is registering as a business. So today this we were talking about us TikTok shop. So local to local, you do need a US employee. You do need us distribution. We are expanding to different countries, I would say quite frequently, we just opened up Brazil, and so we're constantly I'm sure there'll be shops everywhere in no time. So if you aren't quite us today, you know, hopefully this was at least helpful information. I unfortunately, I don't have a roadmap of I'm not on the product team, so I have no idea when the other ones will be coming out. But, you know, this is something that obviously we want to expand quite frequently. So, yeah, the first step is registering as a business, making sure you know you are have the abilities and capabilities to sell on TikTok shop. And then the next step is integration. So that was kind of what I talked about earlier with Shopify, you know, Salesforce, whatever integration you use, or if you don't even use any of them, you can custom upload your products in seller center. If you do that, I'd recommend just selecting maybe three to five hero SKUs most of the time. Hero skews drive a good portion of the GMV anyway. So it's such a good way to, you know, be able to get in there, understand where you need to go within seller center, and then you can always add products later. So these are kind of the two major steps in getting onto TikTok shop. And so I'm gonna the next screen is, if you have not registered for TikTok shop, if you could do so by scanning this QR code, all you need to do after is just input an email and create a password after, and I'll show you kind of the steps after this, if you have already created it,

Speaker  828058:39
you know, I'm sure you're probably at some point in the journey. This is just for people that have begun. Do not go through the process. If you are brand new to this of submitting documents yet, this is just to create an initial account. So once, if everybody has had a chance to scan the QR, QR code, and if we not, I can always go back to this, but this is kind of what it will show you as the next steps. So essentially, as I had set mentioned before, you'll want to just input your email onto this left hand side, it'll send you a verification code, which will then input and then you'll set your password to the right, and then after, it'll take you to a place to submit the documents you do not need to do that right now, it is, I think, I believe, four steps or four different sets of like documents that you need to upload, and again, no need to go through that. I just wanted everybody to understand and have a quick, easy access to registering for TikTok shop and kind of what that entails. And so with that said, we can kind of open it up to questions, and I'll try my best to answer. I am very experienced in getting onto TikTok shop. There might be, still be some stuff that I don't know about scaling or if there's kind of bugs or anything like that, but I will try my best to answer whatever you guys might have. And I hope you guys enjoyed this presentation today, and it was, you know, helpful. If there was anything that you guys didn't understand, but really, again, we're just here to help. You know, we've, we've seen tremendous growth, and we're expecting another big q4 so there's no better time to get on now to really understand it to be fully up and running by the time you know peak holiday seasons are just right around the corner. So thank you guys again, and just happy to answer any questions that you guys have. So I can kind of open the floor to anybody that does. Would

Speaker  863082:40
you either put your questions in the chat or you can put your hand up also. So are you still just looking for Americans? With Americans come Americans with American companies to join TikTok shop? So

Speaker  866656:00
for international

Speaker  867200:00
sellers? Yeah, so

Speaker  867632:00
it depends on. So there you can have a company internationally, but you know, you can't, as long as you have a US distribution and a US employee, you can sign up for us TikTok shop. So that is something important to know I'm working with, like a brand that is based in Hong Kong, but they have us distribution and a US warehouse, so that is they are able to do that. But again, if you don't have any US employees. Then there's, unfortunately, it's strict local to local. No not offered in Canada yet. I know there's a brand I'm working with, and they are very well aware of that. I believe that is one of the more priorities up next. So I would say there's a lot of interest with that. So probably, I can't give an exact timeline, but it is definitely up there with with others of launching soon. Yeah,

Speaker  884304:00
please let us know, because lots of great international sellers and MDs would love to Yeah,

Speaker  885557:20
no, and there's, and there's UK TikTok shop. We have a great team out there. So if anybody, because I know, Jamie, you're based out,

Speaker  887765:20
yeah, we're on, we're on UK TikTok shop. But when, okay,

Speaker  888805:20
yeah, perfect. So, yeah, so there's, there's, there's lots of opportunities International. And, like I said, I imagine, you know it's, it's going to be launching very frequently in the next couple of years. But, yeah, unfortunately, John not Canada yet.

Speaker  892890:40
So Grace is asking if this is only available to sellers with a TikTok account manager. My understanding is this is more geared towards newer sellers on TikTok shop. Is that right?

Speaker  895674:40
This, this call? No,

Speaker  896106:40
the the the help and the boot camp and stuff is more geared towards newer sellers, right? So she doesn't have a TikTok account manager. Sorry,

Speaker  898432:00
my question was actually related to something else, like before that question. Ah, okay,

Speaker  899663:59
yeah,

Speaker  899968:00
it was about, I mean, I can just say it, but it was, what can brands do about finding resellers on TikTok shop? Is there like a process to report them, or should we try to gain more exposure than them?

Speaker  903989:20
Great question. If they're authorized resellers, then, unfortunately, there's not much we can do. But if they are unauthorized, that is something that we as the team can help take down. So essentially, you would file a claim with our IPR team, posting that you guys have the trademark, and then we can actually take them down for you. So I've done that with multiple brands. So that's a great question, but yeah, that's that's kind of the process that we would go about that if and hopefully that helps answer what you were looking for.

Speaker  912848:00
Okay, so we would just open a claim through Seller Support. It's

Speaker  914048:00
an IPR. I can see if I can post. I don't have the link on me, but there is a link that I can share after with you, if that would, if that would be helpful, just to kind of understand, like, how you go about removing those unauthorized sellers. Or if you want to just shoot me an email, I'll post my email in the chat, and then I can send you the claim afterwards. So here I'll that would

Speaker  921765:20
be great. Thank you.

Speaker  921989:20
Yeah, I feel like that's the easiest. So there you go. So yeah, just shoot me an email, grace, and I'm happy to kind of share with you that process of what it looks like, and then we can get those removed for you.

Speaker  924570:40
Okay, thank you. Yeah,

Speaker  925626:40
any other questions that I can help with? So

Speaker  926266:40
for the purposes of this, how are we defining fashion for the purposes of the boot camp and the help that's on after?

Speaker  928138:40
Yeah, great question. So our team is broken up into a few different sections, so I'm a part of, like, the men's and jewelry team. We have sports and outdoors, we have shoes, we have women's. So that's part of the boot camp. Is anybody that is a part of kind of kind of that whole fashion vertical that I just mentioned. So I don't believe I there are, you know, category managers and business development managers across all verticals. So I can't speak on if they do something similar to us. I know the structure is relatively the same, you know, for like home and living versus like fashion, but at least for fashion, this is kind of what we're offering. So if you fall under those verticals, you would qualify jewelry in general. Tracy, so, yeah. So I would would love to work with you. If you are a jewelry seller, it's one of the fastest growing ones. So yeah, if you fall under that fashion vertical, that would be something that you guys would be able to participate in with this fashion boot camp.

Speaker  949040:00
Okay, just while I wait for any more questions to come into the chat. Just a reminder, we have a TikTok channel call for so for those of you that are already set up, if you want to join a TikTok channel, call it will be at 10am Pacific tomorrow. So if you're not on the channel, please message Belen also if you haven't got if you haven't got access, if you haven't been sent the invite, then let Belen know. But Alex will be hosting that tomorrow. I'm sure that'll be awesome. So for people that are already set up on TikTok shop, is it worth them joining the rest of the calls, and would they be able to get some support, like an account manager, if they didn't

Speaker  959866:40
have one? Yes. So right now we are prioritizing 10 million and above sellers. We do have an incubation where you can kind of get this, you know, mass structured support. It really just kind of 10 million above total revenue, yeah, yeah. And so it's, it is something that is kind of a case by case basis. I will also say so we've, we've seen plenty of sellers be successful that do get account managers that are less than 10 million. So something just important to note.

Speaker  969685:20
But for the 10 million, you would still get a certain level of help. But if you're about 10 million, guarantees and account managers, correct, correct.

Speaker  971338:40
Yeah, so that's, that's how I would perfectly phrase it is, you know, with the boot camp, anyone is free to join. You know, most of the time we are, you know, happy to help. Again, we want to show that partnership just the guaranteed aspect is the 10 million and above, but, yeah, feel free to reach out, you know, I guess that I posted my email in the chat. If you guys have any questions, always happy to kind of help answer, you know, and make sure that you guys, you know, feel supported and you know, have a good experience on TikTok. Okay,

Speaker  981328:00
and where is it to sign up for the rest of the calls and put themselves forward properly? Where, where do people need to where do people need to

Speaker  983205:20
go that that one I'm going to have to ask Tony or Leah, are you guys still on the chat for the boot camp? Was yes.

Speaker  985269:20
So once, so first of all, they need to sign up and have a shop, right? Have a shop up and running, then we will enroll them in this boot camp so we know who as long as we know who they are, we have talked to the team, and we will just pass it off to the team. They can immediately enroll in the whole boot camp.

Speaker  991002:40
Okay? And I'm probably going to get people saying that they're having trouble with the setup process. I'm guessing maybe if someone's got an international company, but they've got some American employees who would be the best person for them to contact to get a bit of help, just just getting, getting signed up, I would

Speaker  995088:00
say, contact us. We have a support team. It's called like SOS, which is, I know is ironic, because SOS is screaming for help, but we'd be able to kind of filter them. This is a team dedicated to help, you know, with all of those types of issues. So that's who I like, you know, I'm happy to reach all right,

Speaker  1000677:20
yeah, unless there are any final questions, we will be communicating, more particularly on the TikTok channel about when the remaining calls are going to be. So you know if you need to get signed up as do that, otherwise, we will let you know how to sign up for the remainder of the calls. So thanks very much, John for coming on the call. So

Speaker  1007098:40
Jamie, good question. So is it okay if we share the sign up link and, oh, sorry as well. Would that be helpful? Let's do it now. Yeah, yeah, we're gonna put the mic.

Speaker  1011456:00
Always gonna put that in the chat. Now also, there's going to be an air table, like we have for every call, for just for feedback on a mogul call. So helps me to make all the Mogul calls better. So that will be coming up in a second also, and we will get that up so we're not quite decided on timings for the remaining calls yet. I guess it might depend on who joins. And you work out what's going to be like a good time for everyone? But that will be that'll be sorted out soon, and we'll get those recorded, in case you missed one or two of them as well. So that's the table link there,

Speaker  1022602:40
and I'll send you all the registration link and every other information when you have it ready. Tony, if you want to share the registration link, you can do it in chat, but if not, I'm going to send an email to everyone here and to everyone in the fashion category too. So I think that will work very well. Yeah,

Speaker  1027760:00
John, would you? John, would you like to share the registration link in the chat first, and then I think, Belen, we can consult all the information is shared with you through an email and that you can help us share with everyone, every member here,

Speaker  1031813:20
Yes, let me

Speaker  1033765:20
try and find it real quick. I

Speaker  1036874:40
yeah, I found it, so I'll just put a post over here, but yeah, if you could just send it in like a follow up email as well. But this was, this is the registration link for TikTok shop. Again, that is something that you'll need to start before the boot camp, just to make the most use of that. So again, I know we're running low on time, but just want to thank everybody again for your time. Hopefully this was helpful. And, you know, feel free to reach out to us and excited for, you know, everyone to kind of go through this process.

Speaker  1046029:20
Right. Thanks. Come on, if anyone missed the whole call then the whole thing should be up on the app tomorrow. Thanks, guys. Cheers. Bye.
