Nick Menicucci
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1344:00
How's everyone doing last one of the day? Right?

Speaker  2384:00
Oh, not. Oh, sorry, sorry, guys. Well, either way, we'll try to make this one easy for you here to talk about DSP. Quick show of hands. How many people in the room have run DSP in the past, or are actively running DSP?

Speaker  7413:20
It's about half. How many people have never run DSP before?

Speaker  8789:20
Anyone in the wrong room? All right, we're all in the right place. That's good start. So as it says, I'm here to talk about giving DSP one last chance. And the reason I wanted to talk about this is because I was someone who also kind of gave up on DSP early on. So we had a client about called five years ago who got their start with DSP. It was very different time for DSP. It was, you know, the minimums were different. It was a lot different of a setup. It was, it was kind of black box, if anyone remembers, anyone run DSP a long time ago, like with Amazon. So we had a client they were doing, you know, 2 million in media on on Amazon at the time, in console. Amazon gives us this pitch. They say, Hey, you got to try this thing, we say, okay, cool. So we run it like a 30k test or something over three months. Within the first two weeks, we got this note back from Amazon, and they said, Hey, your returns are a nine to one from this DSP. And we're sitting there going, Wow, that's that's incredible. Our in console advertising was running at a four to one at the time. So to hear that we were getting a nine to one was kind of unbelievable, right? This may be a similar story for a few of you, and what we as we started to ask some questions of Amazon and start to get into the details of what was happening, the responses we got back were very vague. We were not getting clarity on how they were getting these returns. As we started to press them for details on new to brand and are we cannibalizing sales? No real answers. So our excitement quickly turned into skepticism, and shortly after that concern and we eventually turned it off. It was about three months. We ended up turning it off right afterwards. And now our team manages probably $3 million in media spend on DSP alone each year. We are adding more clients to it every day, and I can tell you, looking back, that was a big mistake. So because of our our internal ignorance, and because of Amazon's inability to answer some, I'd say, basic questions, but they didn't have the functionality at the time either we turned it off. So something I'm passionate about is again, giving this a second chance, because there is a better way to do it than what it was at least five years ago, if not more recently. So little bit about me. I've been a member since December. Anyone here newer than me? Or am I the Okay, I'm the rookie in the room. Okay, cool. Well, I'm based out of Denver. I manage a mid market agency. Says I'm a golf addict. My handicap would definitely tell you otherwise, but I try. So let's jump into this thing, right? So we're going to work to solve three problems today. How to not waste money with DSP. So how do we get ourselves set up on the right foot? If you're new to DSP, this should be helpful if you're already running DSP. I think that there's some things in here that are important. How to analyze the performance of DSP with AMC, which is the big buzz word right now and then, how to build full funnels on Amazon, combining both DSP and AMC together to really make this thing work. So problem one, how to not waste money with DSP. If you've been on any AE calls lately with your ad execs, right there, they're throwing a ton of stuff at you, right? You can do now, streaming TV and the console sponsored brand videos are scaling up. You know, you could run ads on your favorite shows, reach your fallout. All you know, Thursday night football, they've got it all right. So there's so many places to spend money. There's also so many ways to waste money. So let's talk about, how do we get DSP off the ground the right way? That's going to start with having the right product. So what products are going to be good for DSP? Right products that have high consideration, products that are thoughtful in their purchase, products that have subscription or repeat, those are going to be great product for DSP, high margin items, that's going to be another one for great for DSP. What's going to be bad for DSP is basically the exact opposite of everything I just said, low AOV items, not good for DSP, impulse purchases, not as good for DSP, one time, non recurring purchases with no upsell. That's going to be really, really tough. Have to make DSP work, and then again, high return rates, compliance issues, these are not going to be the right products for DSP. So if you fall into that camp, I'm sorry. I've got some stuff on AMC that might be helpful for you, but DSP is probably not going to be the right product for you. So how to not waste money with DSP? We're going to look at three key things here, just to kind of get us going on the right track. And this is like 101, kind of stuff, starting with people, you know, so retargeting, remarketing and cart abandoners. So people who viewed the product, purchased the product or came close to purchasing the product. Let's start with that audience. Secondly, we want to use responsive e commerce ads to start. This is a creative type within DSP. These are the ones that you see on the screen here. This is our client milkshake. As you can tell. Notice how the look and feel of these ads looks very similar to an Amazon ad, right? You've got the you've got the reviews, you've got the add to cart buttons, you've got the prime badge right? These look and feel like Amazon ads and subsequently have the highest conversion rate that you're gonna get. Pro tip. You don't automatically get your logo added in, but it's a super easy add on into any DSP campaign and any creative as you can see, it really elevates it. It's a no brainer to get your brand out there, especially if you're running these kinds of ads. And then third, we want to use Amazon's owned and operated inventory. So just quick refresher, Amazon does have access to pretty much all the inventory for programmatic so if you want to run ads on CNN or Fox News or ESPN, you can through Amazon's DSP, but what I'm recommending is that you focus on what Amazon owns and operates. So this is going to be think amazon.com, IMDb, Twitch, Whole Foods. These are all areas where people are seeing these kinds of ads significantly more frequently, because this is only owned by Amazon, so kind of wrapping it all right? We're talking about people who know our product. So we're hitting those individuals. We're hitting them with an ad that looks and feels like an Amazon ad, and we're hitting them on platforms that Amazon owns, where they see a lot of these ads, right? So what we're trying to do again is increase the conversion rate right out of the gate, get DSP off the ground and kind of running something that comes up a lot. This actually came up, I think, a few times last night. But Nick, I don't want to spend money on people who are already in my funnel. I don't want to re target them with an additional ad that's wasted spend. Fair argument. I understand the point. I see both sides of it. If that is something that you're concerned about and you have faith that that customer is you don't need to re target them, because they are going to come back and repurchase Well, what we can do to avoid cannibalization. And this is where we're gonna kind of start to dive into AMC. What we can do to avoid cannibalization is to run and this is just, I'll say it like this. This is an example of a brand that we run in the past 30 days. 85% of customers purchased within their first ad click. So within the 30 day window, people purchased 85% of the time. So what we want to do to avoid cannibalization is going to be to exclude the first 30 days. So if I know that 85% of people purchase within the first 30 days, and I'm worried about cannibalization, I will create my DSP campaign to exclude that first 30 day group so that I'm hitting the other 15% or the people that didn't end up purchasing altogether. So this is going to greatly reduce that risk of cannibalization. If that's something you're concerned about, I'd say it's a consistent argument one way or the other, and happy to spend time talking about my POV, but

Speaker  146704:00
I'll keep going

Speaker  147600:00
how to analyze performance with AMC. Now, this is a big, big one. This is, like the big buzzword within Amazon right now, as someone who manages a lot of brands, I would say this is the coolest thing to come out of Amazon in the last 10 years, probably. And it's, I don't think it's that close. And if anyone here, anyone here running AMC, or, like deep in AMC,

Speaker  153381:20
there's no hands ish. I got an ish over there.

Speaker  154565:20
If you leave here with anything. AMC is a game changer, a big one.

Speaker  156762:40
We're going to talk about. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker  158042:40
Do you have an AE or do you have a who runs your ads myself? Well, your. Probably, depending on your size, you're probably going to need to either go through an agency or an ad software. They'll all take care of it. If you're big enough, your ad exec may be able to get you hooked up, depending on how much you spend. But these are, this is not an expensive thing. There are tools out there to do this for a couple 100 bucks month. This is not and it's well worth it. We're going to spend today right now talking about DSP in relation to AMC and how to gage the effectiveness of DSP through AMC. But AMC has implications that go well well beyond just what we're talking about right now, and I'm happy to chat about that too. So we're going to look at three different standard queries. So these are available for like everyone. You don't have to do a lot with code. These are just standard, regular queries and how we can and I know that I sat back there, so I know this is going to be kind of hard to see, so I'll talk through it. Path to Purchase, super valuable one. Amazon came out with this in the console. So you guys might have seen this recently. I'd say it's a pretty it's a light version. To put it kindly, when you have AMC installed and set up, you're going to be able to look at your path to purchase in a totally different way. But this is an example of a real client. And I know it's kind of hard to see, but what you're looking at here is, let's say sponsored product. Let me use the little pointer. There we go. Sponsored product, right here. This is where 70, 80% of the spend goes for most of us. Right the path. Occurrence is about 4 million people during this three month time frame. Purchase rate, point, zero, 2% ROAs, two to one.

Speaker  187802:40
It's an important ad type,

Speaker  188554:40
but that's not that great.

Speaker  189450:40
The ones in green here all have at least three to four touch points, so they all include DSP. They all also include sponsored product ads, and pretty much all of them include sponsored brand. What do you see when you start to see the purchase rates? Now, the path occurrence is smaller, meaning there's less people who are hitting all of these that's all the path occurrence means. But the purchase rates, I just told you, the sponsored product, purchase rate when someone only interacts with sponsored product is point oh, 2% what happens when they hit three or four ad types, including DSP, 12% 19% 16% 30% what happens to the ROAs? Eight to one, five to one, eight to one, nine to one. As we have more touch points, we see ROAs start to go up. We see purchase rates start to climb. DSP, alone right now? One down here on its own, it's not going to be a great performer, so I would not recommend leveraging DSP through thought process of like, hey, this can be a standalone ad type. DSP is going to be a touch point, in addition to all the other things you're doing, that's what for this brand. That's what it's showing now, not every brand is going to be the same, and that's why you've got to have the AMC data to assess it, because it's not a one size fits all. But what this is telling us is multiple touch points are generally better for ROAs and for purchase rates. DSP is a great first touch, really great first touch. We're going to touch on that in a second, but DSP alone, not so much. So some interesting data. Let's look a little more attribution modeling. So just quick reset. Amazon works on 14 day last click attribution model, meaning last click gets the sale, right? But what about the first click? What about the first interaction? How's that fair to the how's that fair to the person that introduced you? Right? It's all the credits going to the person who closed the deal. But that's not really how it works, right? So we can use AMC to look at first touch row S, last touch row S and linear in this example, you could look at a bunch of different models, but here's three that we're just going to look at. If you look at the last touch row S for DSP, which is what Amazon would report, it sucks. It's a 1.1 that's the lowest of all of them that you can see here. But what about first touch that's going to be a that's a little over a two, and that's the second highest on the list. Now

Speaker  231685:20
it looks a little different

Speaker  232389:20
when we look at linear it's comparable to sponsored brand and sponsored, sponsored product ads. So the point is that we're starting to look at data in a different way. This isn't to sell you that DSP is something you must do in this example. What this is saying is Amazon's telling you that it works on a lack last click model. But that is not the only way to look at the world. That is just one viewpoint, but there's another way to look at things. When we look at first touch ROAs, or we look at you can. Use like a Markov you can there's a ton of different attribution models that you can look at to help assess the effectiveness of these campaigns, and getting yourself away from just this last click vibe that Amazon gives us, which I think is a little flawed. This is another cool one. I think this one's super cool, but basically this is looking at the path to purchase based off of AOV. So you look at the path, what AOV does it drive? In this example, with this brand, sponsored product alone, has the lowest AOV. It's got about $50 AOV DSP sponsored product, $76 now it's small in terms of the total amount of people who do this, but when someone hits all four of my ad types for this brand, AOV, jumps up to 140 bucks. No way to know that without having AMC, none only AMC gives you this kind of data, and that's why it starts to get really valuable as we start to understand the value of DSP. Because the information you're getting, either directly from Amazon or your partner or whatever right is going to be super limited. If you don't have this AMC data, you're going to be looking at the world through the one viewpoint, this starts to open up the game. So you can look at it really however you want, making enough sense. So far cool, seeing a few head nods, all right. How to build the full funnel, right? Kind of bringing these things back together a little bit. I've audited probably 1000 Amazon brands over time, so a lot, I constantly, constantly see this issue with the funnel. It's insane how often it happens where people are not doing the funnel correctly. I think spending more money is a trap if the funnel is not organized. Now, I do believe that advertising is the driving force for scale on Amazon. However, if the funnel is not organized, you will fall short. You will see inefficiency over and over again, and it can kind of break, frankly speaking. So let's look at the three pieces of the funnel. I'm not going to get too deep into the campaign styles. You guys can look at these. These are pretty straightforward. But in this example, you know, we're using sponsored products, sponsored brand and display, or DSP, either or recommend DSP, for sure, but a few winning tips, right? Set this up no matter your size and scale. Start Up to enterprise, I think everyone should protect their brand and protect their turf. This is a big one that I think I feel pretty strongly about spending as much as possible on brand. Anyone here not spend on brand. All right, cool, I have to make the argument you should spend money on brand, and the reason you should spend money on brand is because Amazon is the most competitive marketplace there is. They give you every reason to get someone else's product. So to not spend on brand, from my perspective, is a big mistake. So I'm glad to see that everyone here follows in that, in that mindset, but protect your turf, and we're going to talk about why that's so important as we get into the middle of funnel, top of search, impression, share, this is a great KPI, if you're not paying attention to it. Amazon launched it like, I think, 18 months ago. Really, really great metric that assesses our performance at the top of the page for our given terms in a campaign. So if we're running a branded campaign, a great KPI is to understand how frequently are we at the top right. So making sure that we are looking at that is a very important piece of the equation. Now you'll notice something here about bottom of funnel audiences. Well, what's that? This is where AMC comes back in. So anyone here go to anyone here go to unboxed.

Speaker  305552:00
Wow, no one. Okay,

Speaker  306528:00
well, I might have some some new news for you. We'll see.

Speaker  307792:00
So audiences have been something that you can you can target for a while. It's not like new, but with AMC, now we're able to create different kinds of audiences. So these are just a few that come out of AMC that I like. A cool one here that I'll highlight is shopper who visited the brand store and did not purchase. That's something you can't advertise against right now. So let's say you created that audience. You need DS or AMC to do this, but let's say you created that audience. Now, what now we target them? Well, we could use DSP, we could target any audience with DSP, but we can now do something that's also pretty cool in the console. So if you don't have DSP, but you have AMC. So this is kind of what I was going back to earlier. Earlier, which you don't need, by the way, those two things are now exclusive. You don't have to have DSP to run AMC. That's a new thing, but let's say I want to hit these people who visited the brand store and did not purchase. I could again do a DSP campaign, straightforward, but now in the console we can run sponsored product bid modifiers.

Speaker  326741:20
This is a big one.

Speaker  327317:20
So just like you can run top of search or product detail pages or rest of search is a bid modifier right on your campaigns, probably all seen this some capacity, you can now target audiences as well. So I could plug this audience into my in console advertising and run it like a bid modifier. I could give it a 20% boost because I know that this person's a warm lead, and I'm willing to spend a little bit more for a warm lead. So just like I would run top of search, I'll run this. I could do the same thing with cart abandoners. I could do the exact same thing with cart abandoners, which is a super high ROAs strategy. You could do it with people who were exposed to DSP. You could do it with people who viewed the product but didn't purchase so now, just like you're running top of search, you could target people with a bid modifier in the console using AMC audiences. Pretty cool. That

Speaker  342213:20
was like, the big thing. It unboxed.

Speaker  342997:20
But anyway, back to the funnel. Middle of funnel. I am a firm believer that you can spend, I guess it depends on the category, but you could spend all day pushing into the middle of the funnel. You don't even need to think about the top. About the top of the funnel. Again, we're using a number of different ad types. Feel free to check those out later. Few winning tips I have. I don't think this is anything crazy. Discover your keywords with broad and auto keep those bids low. Migrate the winners, any terms that you identify out of broad and auto, move those into your exact match campaigns. There's a lot of software that'll do that for you. If you've got to do it manually. Sorry, that kind of sucks, but it is worth doing. Some people run both auto and broad. I'm kind of in the camp that goes probably one is going to perform better than another, and they're both running as discovery effectively. So use the one that's performing better. There are a few use cases with some products where broad is actually going to be like more of a conversion tactic. It's rare, but when it happens, that's fine, don't worry about it. But discovery should happen here. Campaigns should have no more than 20 keywords or product targets. Amazing how often I see this. Amazon's algorithm is not designed to show ads for 200 keywords in a campaign. If you're running it this way, I can almost guarantee you probably no more than 40 keywords are getting consistent daily spend. So if you are going to run your campaigns in non branded with big keywords, just split them out. Go run 10 campaigns. You don't need to put them all in one campaign. It's there. You're gonna have 100 keywords that aren't gonna move. Pair your DSP with brand Taylor promotions. This is something that was brought up in the keynote yesterday. Anyone here using brand Taylor promotions? Okay, we got more hands. I like it. So right now, if you run the cart abandoners, brand Taylor promotion, you have no way to alert that audience that they have it, right? They just Amazon got rid of the manager, customer experience, or the experiments, whatever it was, where you could email them. So you've got no way of alerting these people that they've got this promo unless they go to their cart, which they could do. But sometimes they don't. DSP is going to be the way that you hit them with that ad. And just like we talked about it in one of those first slides, right, we're going to use that responsive e commerce creative, so they're gonna see the discount in the creative so now they've been, they've they've been hit with an ad that reminds them, hey, not only is this in your cart, but hey, now you're getting a promo too. So this works with any of the brand tailored promotions. By the way, if you want to hit your high value shoppers, or you want to hit you know, the at risk customers or the promising new customers using DSP is going to be the way to alert them that they've got this promo available to them. There's no other way to do it right now, as you spend more in the middle of the funnel, you will see more spend in the bottom of the funnel. This is why it's so so important to get the bottom of the funnel organized. This is a great sign. As the middle funnel grows, the bottom will grow too. That's why we have to have it organized. It's like the foundation of the house. We work down up, not up down. So in my mind, if you start to see investment in the middle, you should start to see growth in the bottom. And that is like if. Working. You're scaling. You want more. Keep feeding that beast, right? And again, as I mentioned, up top, you can spend a lot of money here, a lot of money here, the top of the funnel. Honestly, I'm not really a fan. I don't think Amazon's a great place for a top of funnel right now. I think they're getting better middle of the funnel, though, for what it's worth, I think there's no I think Amazon's best in the game for middle of funnel marketing. The intent to purchase is extremely high, plus the sheer number of shoppers on the platform makes Amazon's kind of middle of funnel, net new customer opportunity better than anywhere else top of funnel. It's a kind of a hit or miss. I wouldn't run it unless you've got national retail distribution. I wouldn't run it if you're not hitting at least 2 million a month in sales. I Some people would say, don't it's 20 million in sales before you'd even consider it. If you are going to do it, start with OLV. That's online video instead of CTV. Amazon pushes CTV really hard. I would start with OLV. Basically, it's the same kind of thing. You're just not gonna run on your favorite TV shows. That's okay, and you'll get a fifth of the cost. So the CPMs are like, four or $5 it's pretty good for video, really good for video, actually. And again, as the top of funnel grows, middle of funnel grows. Your bottom of funnel will grow. But again, I would say you can spend the bulk of your time in the middle. Make sure that the bottom is set up for success, and this should start to scale. That's really all I've got. Open up for questions. I so

Speaker  427866:40
we previously were running DSP to manage quartile. They had subsidies for their DSP profile, so we didn't actually have one dedicated ourselves along with quartile. Do we have access to the subsidy? Or we did want to? How do we get our own and we're not going through an agency. An

Speaker  432896:00
agency again. I don't know the rules with quartile. They can be, yes, they absolutely can be. It depends on the way they set it up. You may, you may still have the seat. Does it

Speaker  436848:00
matter, though? Does it matter they just start

Speaker  437669:20
over. Well, he Well, you'll need a seat. That's the so you do need some way to access a seat. So Amazon will give you a seat. I guess this is actually important note. Amazon is moving away from brands having seats. So if you talk to Amazon, they don't, they don't want brands to have a seat. If you're doing over 2 million in DSP spend right now, a year. The conversation can open, but an agency is often going to be able to give you or get you a seat. It's usually not too difficult, right? Like, that's usually part of what they'll offer. Just understand the costs associated, but yeah, I mean, you do need a seat to do this. It's the only way to make it happen is the flavoring or the bid qualifier

Speaker  451120:00
using AMC, audiences already available for sponsored ads. Yep, they're available for sponsored ads. So just go into where you do the bid modifiers. You have to create the audience in AMC, but they've already got the connection. I mean, I don't know what software you're using, but assuming the software is solid, they'll have already made the connection, and it'll populate, within 24 hours in your sponsored ads, what softwares are using. I know, I think if

Speaker  458149:20
netwise has some kind of dashboard for the AMC, any other softwares you've been using, or where are you actually checking those? I know that EMC Data comes like, really, like a non visual format, yeah, any tools you use it to make a visual and getting understanding or what you're using yourself.

Speaker  464426:40
Great question. The and the question was, what? What tools are we using? If anyone missed that, the we did a pretty extensive audit of, I'd say, all the key players in the agent, or I'll call it, in the ad software space, over the past six months. So hopefully I'll save you quite a bit of time, because our team does not have, we don't have someone who's a data scientist or a coder who's going and doing this internally. So we have to go to it. We have to go to an outside source and what we found for and I'm being mindful of price here x Mars, which is now ex nerda, has a really, really clean tool. It's about 200 bucks a month. That was what some of those slides were really, really clean on the data visualization. So all you need to do is work with them. They'll integrate it for you. Then you're going to start seeing all these fancy dashboards that show you really cool stuff. Yeah, and it's all visualized for you. Say again, yeah, they're really good. I also think intent wise is really solid. Now intent wise, I wouldn't say, has the the sexiness of X Mars, but they have custom queer their their custom audiences are the best I've seen yet. So I showed you some of those audiences that you can target, like visit a brand store, or you viewed a brand store but didn't purchase. They've got like 80 of them really, really cool. Already set. Ready to roll. You just need to click it. So it's like three click audiences are ready for you. So they're really strong on the audiences. Ex Mars is really good at, I'd say having nice, fancy dashboards. Both are two really good options. But, you know, the pack views, the skies, the, you know, quartile, you know they're going to have, they've, they've got this stuff set up. So

Speaker  494490:40
we were in the camp that you described, beginning, where we ran ASP for a long time, and had some questions

Speaker  495594:40
really good and good and

Speaker  496736:00
good answer to on the cannibalization piece. When you have

Speaker  498240:00
a DSP ad on the same

Speaker  498656:00
page as a sponsored video or something like

Speaker  499456:00
that, is there a report there where it's showing the ad showing at the same time and

Speaker  501280:00
the attribution, they're both sort of claiming. And do you guys think around that? That's a great question.

Speaker  503461:20
You know, it's honestly probably a question for the software based off of how they report it out. My guess would be both get some attribution. Would be my assumption that they're both attributed to it. They won't, if you if, depending on the tool, some will show you like the full, full path. So like sponsored product, sponsored brand, sponsored product, sponsored product, sponsored product. Some don't. Some will just kind of weight it. But that's a good question.

Speaker  512170:40
Your chart where you showed the highest AOV was when someone touches all four ad types. Yeah.

Speaker  513632:00
What's your takeaway from that? My takeaway is that as I think about where we're investing dollars, it's something to consider, and that multiple touch points not only are showing higher ROAs for us, but also higher AOV. So it just kind of, again, it's just a it's a data point that helps me validate, yeah, there's some good here that again, I wouldn't be able to see otherwise. So continue to test it. Continue to iterate. If

Speaker  520693:20
your highest AOV was sponsored by sponsored slate and not DSV. That pulls further down, would that tell you? Before that I

Speaker  522997:20
DSV, it'd be something. It'd be certainly a data point to consider. I'd look at a few other data points, but to your point, yeah, I mean, I think all data is valuable, and that's what that's the whole point of AMC is that we, we've been blind for a long time, and this is like, now we can see you.
