25. FC Chats_ Tea Time with David of DAVIDs Tea and Firebelly
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  176:00
Oh, alright, recording started.

Speaker  864:00
Let's do this thing. Clay, can you spotlight David and myself

Speaker  3056:00
when he when he talks, it'll, it'll do it on the on the video. Alright.

Speaker  4432:00
Well, let's get after it. So first of all, everyone, thank you so much for joining this specific call is obviously, just to give David some context. Sometimes we do these speaker calls, and we open it up to just like the public, to everyone, and then when we bring on, like, I call them assassins. David, you're an assassin, people who've just done incredible things, but like, kind of low key, like you have to know to know, we gate, keep it to just members of the founders club. So this is an example of a call. Everyone you see here that is joining us is a member, is a part of the club, spent a lot of time. Everyone here is a founder. They're scaling. They're growing different levels, but all have that same crazy fire inside of them, amazing. Well, I'll give you a tight intro. I gave everyone a little sneak peek in our Slack community. But David's not only a good friend, but, you know, growing up created, I mean, if you, if you're in Canada, you know, David's te created a cult like brand, the point where I was, like, getting, you know, my high school girlfriend tea packages, because it was, like the cool thing to do, instead of, like, you know, Pandora bracelet or a charm, like it was, and is the thing, it was, actually the thing that introduced me to tea as, like, a teen. I just, like, never really got into it. Still have that forever nuts flavor engraved in my soul. Is it just an incredible product? I don't know how many locations you guys got to. Is it plus 100 200 Damn. So 200 locations all over took the company public for you Americans on the call it was, I would say, like, is tiavana, like

Speaker  31610:40
we were in the states too damn Okay,

Speaker  32703:59
so I'm doing a terrible job. David, welcome the comparable. Yeah, he's done multiple brands since then, but we'll get into that later. But I think I'm super excited, first of all, to have him here. I don't know how often you do this, David, so I think this feels very exclusive, and I appreciate being here, but welcome not

Speaker  38389:19
that often. Thanks for having me. Appreciate it. Where do you want me to start? So

Speaker  39477:20
I think the best place to start this is, like, super conversational, like, a lot of us here, like, know each other. A lot of us here are talking every, like, few weeks with each other. So I think we should start just kind of little bit about your story, your background, and give people more context. Obviously, I was high level, and then we'll just get, like, right into Q and A A lot of people, like, there's some people here in the tea business, and people here in retail, products online. So there's a wave of questions, and I want to leave a lot of time for that, but let's start just with you.

Speaker  46602:40
All right, I was a serial entrepreneur from from as long as I can remember, I had, I sold first aid kit store to door with a team of people. I had paper routes. When I was like 11, I was just a really hard working precocious kid. Went to McGill. And when I graduated from commerce and English Lit, all my friends went on to Proctor Gamble or Lehman Brothers or Goldman Sachs or whatever, and it just wasn't for me. And I started something. I started because I sold running shoes and I worked in clothing stores. So I I started, actually, first, with a software around the fitting room and clothing stores, where we captured what people tried on, and we developed an algorithm to create a conversion rate out of the fitting room. So the idea being, when you buy clothing, you actually do in two steps. First you evaluate the look of the item, and then you evaluate the fit on your body. And anyway, long story short, it didn't work. Got it into Macy's on 34th and seventh in New York City. It was a nice to have, but not a must have. It was at a time when this is, I'll date myself a little here, but this was like 2005 like they barely had POS systems. So I was broke. I had a girlfriend at the time who, you know, was sort of wondering what the hell I was doing in my life. And I needed a job, you know, because it's great to have entrepreneurial aspirations, but you got to pay the bills. And so I went. I was basically fairly unhireable at this point. I mean, you know, it wasn't as glamorous as entrepreneurship is nowadays. It wasn't then and and now. It's, it's, it's the hot thing, right? We're rock stars, but as you all know, on this call, it's a very lonely journey, and in many ways, a personal journey disguised as a business pursuit. And back then, nobody was interested in it, and nothing was glamorized. And so it wasn't exactly like this, this notch on my resume that I'd had a failed business, whereas today it might be a little bit. More accepted. So I actually ended up with a cousin of mine, who's 50 years my senior, who had built Le Chateau. He's my dad's first cousin. I knew him marginally well, but I grew up in Ottawa, and didn't really know until I was about 20, and he was taking a step back, and he was going to be investing in small companies, basically opening a small equity office. And he said, look, you'll come work with me. You'll help me find companies to invest in. I said, Sure. I mean, I had zero other offers, and he had to keep paid me 38 or $37,000 a year. And and I bought a book. I bought what Warren Buffett looks for investments. And I figured, you fake it to make it. And so I i serendipitously, was with my girlfriend, the time, wife today, and we were early for an international movie in Montreal, on this side street off Saint Denis. If any of you know Montreal, it's on Emory and and across the street was this really cool, kind of Asian inspired tea shop. And I walked in, and it was really neat, you know, it sort of struck me. And I was like, wow. I'm like, this is fun. And nobody's doing this on the main, you know, in combination with reading this book about Warren Buffett, I'm like, you know, this is interesting. There's no size, no color, so a limited amount of SKUs, so much less complex than a fashion business or anything, where they're sizing in colors. It's not a bulky product. So you can operate in small spaces. It doesn't go bad like a turkey sandwich. And nobody's doing this on the main streets of the country in a fun way, right? When you walked into a tea store back then, it was either very British inspired, very Asian inspired, and he felt like he had to whisper, had to know something to be in there. And so I walked into work the next day, and I'm like, tea. We should invest in tea. And they all thought it was nuts. And I got more and more into the idea, and I looked at a few to invest in. At the time, tivana had like, 14 stores. There was one in Canada called tiopia that had seven, and everybody's like, you'll never catch tiopia. And there was a couple others that we spoke to that had like two stores. But ultimately, I got more and more into this. I just, I, you know, I always liked tea. I was never a coffee guy, but I started to love tea in the process of looking at the business. And finally, I said to my cousins, look, I'll do it. You Back Me and and away we went. It was, he was 75 I was 25 remember, I had zero money. And he funded, he funded it and and we opened the first store on Queen West. The name I hated it was, it was supposed to be. They, we hired a marketing group. They came back with, like, he like, the Boston Tea as the sign. I was like, Nah, that doesn't work. It's too cold. And then they had, like, jewels and Juliet and some play on, on, like, none of that works for me. They got frustrated me. They're like, why don't you just call it Dave's tea? And I'm like, No, I don't want to be like Paul Newman on a salad dressing bottle. Forget it. And then actually, my partner came into work the next day. He's like, No, you want to have a beer with Dave. You want to have a tea with David. So I went from being Dave to David. And yeah, we opened the first store on Queen Street and, and it's it the first day was what we thought was awesome. We had a ladder in the window. The store is barely built out. We're like, you know, open the door. So we opened the doors, and people flooded in. And I think we did 1500 bucks that day. We're all high fiving, which we felt like it was a lot of money. To put that in context, that's like peanuts compared to what we would have done, you know, that would attract us to be like, $400,000 store, and we averaged about about a million bucks a store. And we thought it was great. It was super inefficient. I had to call my brother in to help. I had to call my my wife. I had, like, a friend helping, like we didn't know what the hell we were doing. And then, yeah, you know, we slowly, not slowly. I mean it when it clicked, it really clicked. But then Monday came a lot around it. We did 400 around it. We did 400 bucks and and it was not looking good. And then we opened more stores anyway. There were moments where I didn't think it would work. I mean, we had four doors. I remember the summer before I got married, which had been about 14 months, let's say, after opening, and they were doing like $5,000 weeks. It was not looking good. We had not figured out how to sell iced tea yet. Then Christmas hit, and Christmas brought the business back, maybe over time though, it went from like our gifts being literally white lunch bags you would send your kids to school and liquor on it to the beautiful packaging that any of you have been in. David CC today, yeah. And then along the way, you know, there were lots of obviously, ups and downs. We ended up bringing in a private equity group. At one point, a guy by the name of Tom Stenberg, who founded staples chip Wells from the lemon came in at one point, I sold my my position in the company in 2016 I tried to buy the company back with Bain Capital. I tried. Thought about coming back again later on, and then I went on and started other things, and kind of have moved on. And I think one of the I'll end it on one last comment, and I'll open it up for questions, because I would say two things that were really interesting about it. First is that we had a website, but there was no such thing as direct to consumer. You didn't call it, then you didn't call it that, then, you know, there was no Instagram, there was no there was no, I mean, it was just Google search, basically, Google ads. We didn't spend any money on advertising when I left. We had a $50 million econ business driven from the stores. And the second thing I was very different world. We had a, we had a server room context, right? Like, it was just very different, a big IT team and, like, different time and and I would say the other thing that was really interesting, I think one of the reasons it worked and worked so well is we took a commodity and we uncommon, advertised it. So when you think about it, and I actually think this is still true today, to a large extent, if I walked into Whole Foods tomorrow, or Loblaws or or Kroger's or whatever, whatever grocery store you want to name, whoever your local one is. And I went down the T aisle, and I took a big Santa Claus bag, and I took my hand and I swiped the entire T aisle and I replaced it with Aaron's tea or Sarah's tea, or Clay's tea, or Joseph's tea, or whatever tea.

Speaker  181152:00
And you walked in as a customer. The next day, you'd walk in and you'd be like, oh, where's my tea? And then you'd look up and you'd see the new tea, and as long as we had Earl gray and chamomile and mint and English breakfast and the usual suspects, you wouldn't walk out of the store. You buy your milk, you buy your bread, you buy your eggs, and you buy Aaron's tea, you buy whatever I like Earl Gray, and that's what you would drink. And I think what we did is we took that commoditized experience where you basically have, and still have today, 15 versions of mint and 15 versions of chamomile, etc, and you're making your choice on a picture, on a box and a price point, and we turn it into this deep, rich sensory experience, right? If any we've ever been in David's Tea, you know, you walk in the sample of the tea of the day. You're smelling tea you're hearing tea stories. It's evoking these memories for you. Although tea is very much in second place to coffee in North America, I mean, second biggest drink in the world, next to water. But it's actually, it's it's like 2% of starbucks' sales in Canada. It's nothing, or in the US as well. It's nothing in North America relative to coffee. Yet we all have these stories. We had a grandmother that we remember a tea or a grandfather, or were of Irish descent or Persian descent. It really doesn't matter where you're from in the world, there's usually some kind of tea culture that was there at one point. So it became this nostalgic affair for a lot of people, and it became a sensory experience, and then we were able to then take that experience and amplify through packaging and gifting as well. And it sort of snowballed from there. You know, I have a new tea company called Fire belly tea. It's a totally different angle. It's just a little bit higher quality. Of the target audience is perhaps a bit more sophisticated. It's, frankly, the teas I drink, we don't use any flavoring in our tea, which is a bit novel. The kind of the secret and tea is, it's all natural and artificial flavors. Most, most people don't like the traditional teas, which are like Camellia sinensis plant, which is the actual tea plant. We just call anything you put in hot and cold water tea here in North America. But most people like chocolate and ginger and stuff like that. So yeah, I'm back in and obviously smaller scale, direct to consumer and if you select retailers. But, and I love the business, I grew to love it. I got to travel to India and Sri Lanka and different places for tea, and have deep connections in the space. But anyway, that's a bit about how it started. I'll, I'll open it up. That's amazing for any questions you guys might have. And yeah, if I can share some, shed, some some learnings, I'd be happy to

Speaker  219866:40
So, so for the question guys, just click the like the raise the hand, or if you want to throw it in the chat. So for Dave, for context at the peak, and I'll kind of kick it off while people raise their hand, and just everyone can raise your hand at the same time. Doesn't matter. It goes like there's a

Speaker  224570:40
queue at the peak. What were

Speaker  224944:00
like the overall company sales like, what was the company pulling

Speaker  225856:00
in? We were pulling when the year I left and sold. We were we had a $500 million market cap. We were 200 million in sales, 30 million in EBITDA, one experience, 200 stores, more than 200 actually. More than 200 million in sales. But anyway, we're in that ballpark. Um, one of the experiences I didn't talk about is I was the CEO of the company till we were about 70 million, probably 5 million of EBITDA, 6 million of EBITDA. And then we brought in the professional management team, which I actually loved was we brought in, you know, they were all Harvard MBA types. One was the head retail partner at McKinsey who became the head buyer for staples. One ran a was the CFO for a warren buffett company called the vida, which is a dialysis clinic company in the US. I. Wanted me to talk operator at Starbucks. And for me, it was like, I loved it. It was getting a Harvard MBA and getting paid for it. I learned. I learned incredible. I learned, you know what? I learned the difference between running a militia and running an army and and, you know, you run a militia and you're like, turn left, right. Everybody's like, okay, and they all hear you. But when you're bigger and you run an army, you say, turn left. You know this Lieutenant has to speak to that Lieutenant has to speak to that one, and you end up with broken telephone if you don't have the right systems in place. And so they taught me, really, they taught me cash flow management. The first thing they did was improved our buying terms dramatically, and I was blown away at what that did to our cash management. They also put in place processes to basically facilitate communication up and down the organization, which was enormous, they knew how to put together a proper board, how to create the right board presentations. And I learned how to run a big company. It was really cool. And then I ended up so at first I was running the real estate. We were opening 30 stores a year. And then I ended up doing what I love, which is the buying and the marketing. I ran our volume marketing team. By the time we went public, I was basically the CMO. And I, you know, I have a 40 person team reporting to me. We did all our designs, packaging, everything in house, yeah, sorry. So that was a bit more context.

Speaker  260640:00
That's great context, massive organization. And, yeah, I find like at some point, every founder just becomes the marketer at some point, because that's the soul you created, the brand from nothing, and that's where it lives. But we got to hand up. Mr. Parker, I see you.

Speaker  265429:20
Hey guys. David, congrats on what you built, man. Unbelievable story. I was a customer and myself many years and I love the sensory experience. I'm also obsessed with branding. As you can see, I run a Residential Moving Company, Aaron's a consultant of mine. So one thing I wanted to ask you is we as entrepreneurs, we always talk about everything that we did that worked out. No entrepreneur, including myself, has reached their level of growth without a little bit of luck along the way. Right? I got lucky with the a few of my early hires for Parkers moving What did you My question for you is, what did you get lucky with in your first few years of operations that you know you got lucky with, but you could teach us about so that it doesn't have to come to luck for us.

Speaker  277973:20
So there's this great book that none of you have probably heard of. It's written by this guy, Bo Peabody. He's a random entrepreneur. He had, you know, Bo had a tech company in.com and sold it at the right time. What's that book called? It's called Lucky or smart by Bo Peabody, and it's a short read. And in it, any Bo had a restaurant in Aspen. It was becoming a big ski destination. And in this book, lucky or smart, he debates, are entrepreneurs lucky or are they smart? And I'll ruin it a little bit for you. But his conclusion, which I think is brilliant, is it good entrepreneurs are smart enough to know when they're getting lucky and, and I think, I think, you know, it's really when you get a head start on something. Just remember, people are coming for you, like everybody's going to be quick on your heels. They're not, you know, when something works. You know. So the lucky part was, it resonated. It worked. You know, people saw tea in a new way. We captured their imagination. That was obvious, almost. You know, I joke around, and it was a seven year overnight success. And it was, but that, that part of it was sort of obvious. We knew we really had something. You could see, the retail magic that we captured people with. The reason we knew it is like people would come in, get the store experience, walk up with a few keys, and they'd come back in with a friend, like, two hours later and be like, do the thing, the thing that you just did for my friend. And so we knew we had something, but I think I got lucky in two ways. Sorry that so that that was obviously the biggest stroke of luck, right? But then what do you do with that luck? You got one story, you know, you have something. I mean, could be one. It could be four. You don't really, you know, you haven't realized the full potential of what you have. And to do that requires enormous executional risk and talent. I think I got lucky in a couple of ways. One, I got lucky that my partner, who I was with was 50 years my senior. Remember, I'm 20 now. I'm 43 back then, I was 27 so so I didn't really know how to run a $200 million organization or nor how to scale up to one. And this is different than direct to consumer, right? This is stores you you have a chain of command, and you have your like, you know, Susie calls in sick, and Jane has, has mothers is, has a problem. And like, you know, you got all kinds of real world, real people problems, right? It's, it's, and not to mention the tech in those days is not like, there is no Shopify, right? See, I mean the guy that built my website. I was like a 20 year old kid in his basement who programmed a website, and it broke all the time. And, you know, right? So, like, like, it was, it was it was it was very different. The complexity was around scaling when you're when you're opening stores are very different. Hence why so few people want to do that. I think I got lucky in a couple ways. One, the operator I hired. We were looking for our the person to run our first store, and the person I ended up getting was like, I want to open my own tea stock company, but I'll, you know, I'll see how yours is going. She just come back from Australia, where there were tea stores. She had worked for dove, Chinese American Apparel and ran a district. She's five foot tall and and a total powerhouse. Her name is Kim Wiseman. She was incredible. And she came in and she ran our store. She ended up growing all the way with us. She lived out of a suitcase and opened 30 doors a year. Like, you know, it's like, Kim, where are you? I'm in Grand Prairie, Alberta. Kim, where are you? I'm, you know, something I didn't mention is, around this time we're starting to scale, I had my first kit, which, anybody on this call who has kids knows that rocks you and you really don't see it coming. And here I was with this business I had. So, I mean, I think one I got lucky, because we created some retail magic. You know, who I got lucky. We had a great operator who was willing to sacrifice her life at that time to help us build this thing three. My original partner was fantastic when it was him and I, because he had already scaled the retail organization, he had credibility in the real estate world, not to mention I didn't have to fundraise, since he was just funding it. He was double dipping. He had equity, and it was going in his debt, but still it, you know, I didn't have to go on on, I'd have to have constant he saw it firsthand what was happening. And he had also had the experience being an entrepreneur, of what it's like when you hit retail magic. Because, you know, Le Chateau, believe it or not, at one time, was, like he started in 1959 and like, they were selling to, like, Andy Warhol and the Beatles. And like, they were massive Brad, yes, yeah, they brought the Carnaby Street look to Canada. I mean, he was bigger than les Wexner at one point. Now, unfortunately, he had limitations when the thing grew really big. He was, you know, he's a phenomenal entrepreneur, but a shitty businessman, and he largely fucked it up, and frankly, fucked it up even more after I left. So I had all kinds of problems with him later on. I love him to death. I owe him much of my success, but, but he also drove me nuts. But he was enormously impactful in our success. In the early days, it was him and I it got more complicated when, when, you know they want, he wanted the kids in there. And I got, like, we had, we had Jewish family business problems, but, but, but before that. I mean, you know, he was instrumental. I the way I describe it is, without me, he would have zero stores. But without him, I probably would have like, 20 stores today, because it would have my learning curve would have been a lot slower. So, yeah, I mean, I had tons of luck around me tons

Speaker  368928:00
but I feel like one thing that's important that like you're mentioning, that I want everyone to just like, really sit with, is it's always down to like the people, the one or like the one person that like, there's always one or two instrumental people, and if you don't have that person yet, you're just one person away. We talk about, I talk about all the time, you're just one amazing person away. And that person can drive you nuts. But again, it's, it's the truth of 20 stores versus

Speaker  376037:20
200 totally, we had many of those people. I would be remiss to say it was just what I mean, we we. I was bad in a lot of things, but I was really good at what I call going to the draft. I was really I was really good at finding young people who, and I'm still pretty good at this, who are really sharp, who are quick studies, who want to do something a bit different and build something, who want to accelerate their learning curve. Because right the trade off with with startups is that you learn a lot more faster versus a bigger company now that the other trade off is you don't get paid as well at the start, but you have an opportunity to really accelerate your career. And thankfully, that promise worked out for a lot of people. Like, I have endless stories of people like, you know my somebody who started as assistant manager with us, who now run Starbucks, real estate for all of Eastern Canada, right? Or, or I've, like, hidden different stories like that. So we developed a nice core, and we developed we were really good at finding younger people who who saw this as an opportunity to spread their wings and fly, who were a little bit of unconventional, a bit of a motley crew, but we're very sharp and wanted to learn and grow, and like the hustle, and really liked retail. The other thing we kind of figured out in the stores this was a big deal, was that and every business has these little nuances that you sign it. Like, they they sound easy in hindsight to articulate, but you don't really realize it until you realize it, then you have a light bulb moment. But like, one thing was great about what we were doing is people in retail are inherently type A and when you go and sell clothing, right? Like, who are we competing with for our workforce? Well, people that would work at the gap. Well, when you work at the gap and you're so excited, you're 16, you got that job at the gap, and you, you're standing there, you're folding sweaters, and somebody walks in, you're like, Hi, welcome to the gap. And where's the first thing we all say to that person just looking right? It's like, Buzz off. I know how to buy clothing. I don't need your help. I'll tell you when I'm sitting there in my underwear in the change room and I need you to get me a medium like, like. But so these people hate that because they want to talk to you. They they're, they're theater students, they're, they're, you know, they want to be out there. They want to perform. So we were an incredible environment for them because, because here you had this new thing, like people walk in the store and say, What is this? Oh, do you drink your tea looser in tea bags? Oh, I drink your tea bags. Come. Let me show you how easy loose leaf tea is. Like every customer wanted to talk to you. So for them, this became live performance, and we were really our recruitment at the store level, which is really where the magic happens, like when you think about it in any business, right? Like the important, most important part is not the CEO and the ivory tower, it's the person standing with the customer on a daily basis, right? So we were able to recruit the best people in that industry for that job. They came to us because they were like, I want to work there, where actually, where people actually want to talk to me. So that was a great point. Yeah, that was a really interesting nuance that we figured out. You know, it's just organically kind of happened. I didn't plan it that way. I'd like to tell you I was smart enough to see that I'm not. But that was a huge that was a huge tailor

Speaker  427082:39
for us. I hope you guys just caught that golden nugget. And like, I'll leave, like, five seconds of no one talking, for you guys to just clue in on that. One of the most, the most important people in our businesses are the people who are closest to the customer. And it, it's beyond me, specifically in E commerce. It's, it's like, the first thing that founders typically do is they outsource their like customer service team to like a random like Bangla dash service for like, four bucks, and your customer gets the worst possible experience. And then, you know, it's like the tap you don't want to deal with because it's like an annoying customer pestering you, and you typically it's a return request. And last thing you want to do is give people their money back, but that it's that like for us, it was just the first thing we invested in, like I did customer service for two years straight, because I didn't trust anyone talking to my people. That's a whole, completely different other problem, but fear you had your hand up for a while. If guys, if you have questions, just click the hand. You'll get you'll get

Speaker  442405:20
in the Thanks, David. Appreciate that. My pleasure.

Speaker  443418:39
Hey, how are you guys? Hi, Kim, nice to meet you. First of all, I applied to David C when I was 16, and I never got a call back. So if you want to, you know, put in a good word. Will do No, it's awesome to be here with you guys. The question I have for you is a little less tactical or strategy more so emotional. You know, starting off, you have your, you know, you have your really, really good days. You have your your weeks where you're like, We're fucking crushing. We're there's no stopping us now, kind of thing. And then you have your moments where you got, like, these obstacles, and you're really kind of playing a mental game with yourself. But at the end of the day, you have to, kind of create these tasks, and you have to follow through with them. Any advice you have for, I guess, just kind of coming up with, like, just kind of dealing with the bad days and dealing with the obstacles, and kind of like the mindset you were in when you had those bad days, and you had those, you know, scary moments and those scary days, because, you know, those can be really rough, right?

Speaker  459114:40
Great question. You know, I've gotten really good at dealing with them now, but at the time, I was horrible at them, to the point where I billing David C took a very heavy emotional toll on me. I went through a massive depression when I sold it, massive you know, like, you know, like, like, barely able to get out of bed, total mess. I had all kinds of health issues that have mostly subsided since, since I got, you know, really got myself together. I was, I was, like, on cortisol the entire time. Like, it was just heightened stress level constantly in fight or flight. You know, I think, I think that you got to take care of yourself. You can't you everything. I mean, the way I like to, first of all, habits matter. I mean, this is a little easier nowadays, because it's more in the public again, put yourself back in 2007 2008 2009 there wasn't a community of entrepreneurship like there is now. There were, there wasn't, you know, meditation wasn't as big as it is today. Or you're like the idea of taking care of yourself as an entrepreneur was, there was barely an entrepreneurial community. There was none of this, right? Nobody spoke about. Any of this. So it took me longer to figure it out, but it's enormously important. You got to take care of yourself. I mean, I work out a ton. I been meditating for six, seven years now. I even have a coach I do it with. I find that enormously helpful. I breathe at least twice a day, most days, and I actually am pretty you know, I'm not as steady with this I like but I'm pretty damn steady with it. I hit at least four or five days a week. Yeah, and, and, and that's controlling my nervous system has been enormously helpful. I mean, we all kind of know this, but like, this thing that you're thinking about right now that is so important and so mission critical, critical, or something that happened that makes you think you're fucked, or even something that you think you just took over the world. Oh, my God, the vast majority of them you won't even remember a year from now, right? Like, I mean, that's almost always the case, right? Like, I can't, I mean, there's so many things like, you know, oh my god, they screwed this up, and I'm not curious. It is, and then, like, but you don't even remember two weeks later. Like, it's, something is pissing you off, right? So I think, I think, you know, you're more you're more valuable than your businesses. Just remember that like it's not, you know. And believe me, I had endless stresses, and the more successful you are, the more stressful it gets. Often you think it's gonna be less stressful, it's actually more, way more. Now you got people counting like the stakes get higher. I was in board meetings the CEO. We brought in Highland capital. They were a minority partner. My cousin went from wanting this to be a professionally run business to running it to be his daughters parachute his daughters and his presidents of the company I was in that he brought her in. I was on a buying trip to Germany and and then we end up doing the deal with Highland. Highland had a veto right on the CEO. We hired these CEOs. My cousin was all excited. He was, you know, the one who's my original partner, backed it. Within two weeks, the CEO fired the daughter and and they wanted to fire the CEO. Highland puts out their veto, saying you can't do it. I had every board meeting. I got fired from the board for siding with the equity group. But I had to be in the board meetings because I basically ran the company, so they needed to be in these damn board meetings. Every board meeting for two and a half years started with my cousin reading a letter from his lawyer. Every single one right? Like, talk about stress. So like, like, and we were we came to a standstill as a company. It was awful. Bullets were flying. Now, in that time, sometimes when the bullets fly, you stand your ground. You know, in that time where it felt like the sky was falling, we took the business from 6 million of you, but out of 30, so like it wasn't, you know, we you have to sometimes you got to learn how to shift sets. You got to learn how to park things. I think controlling your own mindset is enormously important. It is not just like a nice to have, it's a must have. Like, remember, like you're the biggest asset, right? So if you're not in your best headspace, if you're not taking care of yourself, then, then you're not an effective decision maker. You're not, you know, yeah, you're cutting it short. Like your longevity matters more, right? You're gonna, you'll have many good days and bad days and all that stuff will come and go, but you matter. So, yeah, I think it's enormously important. I've learned how you show up kind of thing. Oh, big time. I've gotten a lot better at it through a lot of practice, a lot of discipline on my habits and just perspective. I mean, you start to realize, like most of the stuff you think matters, does you know, life goes on like, you'll live. You're going to have big, big, huge setbacks. It happens. It just does. It happens like, you know, and, and I think part of being an entrepreneur is showing up every day, no matter what, right like, it's, it's, you know? And that's just part of it. You just learn. You learn to take those setbacks. I mean, after David's ti started a food company called Mad radish, today, we have 11 stores profitable. It's growing. I love mad radish, right on. Thank you. And anyway, it's been, frankly, it's been hell. You know, I came off this, this big win. I thought everything I touched returned to gold, and we completely fucked it up, like we had the right concept at the right time. We opened it up in Ottawa. I hired a fine dining chef who's used to plating food and bringing out to customers. This is fast casual, where you got to churn it out quick and you need consistency, right? He totally screwed it up. I blew through millions of dollars I've invested then covid hit. I've invested way more money than I even care to admit, not to mention raise money. It's been a total shit show. I've anybody in my position would equate I don't know why it didn't anyway, we figured it out. Though we slugged it out, I ended up with a really good operator, again, who had become my partner and it is now running it, you know, we figured out, I get the build cost down. We figured out how to make better food. We figured out how to operate in a simpler, more controlled environment. We understood the difference between the food business and tea business are completely different. Food is completely different. It's much more operationally driven and and we got good at it. And now. We're in a really good spot. I think we have one of the hottest food concepts in Canada, and, like, the economics work, and we're starting a franchise, and the two guys we have are doing great. They want more stores and so, like, you know, but believe me, rainy days. I mean, I had like, five years of rainy days, and it and it sucks, you know, it sucks to be pounding away in your proverbial basement while you look around and you know the friend of yours with the job has the title and the paycheck, and you're like, What the hell am I doing? Like, what is this worth it? And decisions? Sometimes the answer is no, it's not worth it. Like, when my when I had that software business before, David C the answer was no, like, I failed. I had to close it. Yeah, but that's what it I mean, that's the life you, you you choose, right? You're trying to minimize risk and create something special. You're trying to build. You're trying to create. Those are the keywords. But like, that doesn't come easy, you know? And there's a reason why, not everyone does it. It's fucking hard,

Speaker  576282:40
David, talk about, well, first of all, that was beautiful. Okay, I was gonna say, Guys, raise your hands up. But I was gonna say, talk about and I was okay. So contacts for everyone else and for David, I was arguing yesterday with somebody at the gym that I don't even know. Okay, he saw a post that I made on LinkedIn. He came out to me. He didn't agree with it. My I made a post about macro patience and micro speed, and he's like, dude, blah, blah, blah, you can't live off clubs forever. You had this whole point. And I started laughing, and he got more triggered. And the reason I was laughing was is because I looked at him. I said, it's people like you that make room for the long the people that are willing to play the long game always win. You guarantee the long game will win. But when I was thinking about it later, he did have a point. So this idea of macro patience, like you clearly had it. These things take time. You don't get to 200 stores. You're opening 30 stores a year. It takes years to get the efficiencies, like all that stuff takes time. But in your day to day, you were like drowning. You were drowning in your day to day. But like when you look at the success it took such a long time, how do you like what is the mindset required to deal with the day to day, like overload, knowing that no matter what you do, is still going to take 510, years?

Speaker  597712:00
I think that's very well said, macro patients, where you say micro, micro, speed, macro, yeah, I think, I think, look, the first thing I like to do is, I like, I like to have a North Star. I'm like, Okay, why does the world need what we're doing? What is it we're trying to do? I mean, to me, that's, that's really important. Then, you know, those annual planning meetings we all go to, and they show up with, like, five to 10 things they're going to do. The realities are not the vast majority of things don't get done. So I actually, I'm like, come back with two. Like, I really like to go really narrow and deep on what really matters. Like, what is actually going to move the needle on gross margin dollars, on customer experience, whatever it is, right? Like, what, what is, what actually matters. The vast majority of stuff that we do doesn't matter. And so, like, I always tell anybody working for me, I'm like, come back. Less, less, less I want. And I didn't used to be like this. I used to be like, try and do it all, but you end up doing a half assed job.

Speaker  612816:00
Tell us, why? Why less? Like, why do you reverse you like, let's do it

Speaker  613701:20
because you have asked it. You end up doing you end up taking too many risks. You spread yourself too thin. You don't go narrow and deep and get really good at the things that actually matter, because you're just diverting resources, right? You have, all of us have a finite number of resources. And like, you have to be ruthlessly honest and and and discerning about where you're spending those resources, time, money and people, right? So, and that goes for your personal lives too, by the way, like it's, you know, I, the older I get, the more I say no, maybe I'm just getting crappy. But I find that it's, it's Noah's a really powerful word, and, and, you know, you often think about your people come and they think something is so important. Like, I remember I had, like, I had one guy who he was like, was like, We need biscotti in the stores. People want to have something with their team. We need a food program. And we need a food program. So we, we tried to do a food program. And like, we spent endless hours and time and energy and like, that's not what the customer wanted from us at that time. I do think there's room for a cafe concept and tea, but that's not what we were and like, we just, we wasted so much time, energy and money on on and I, and I felt it too. I was like, now it's not, that's not where I want to put our energy. It's coming at the expense of getting really good over here and like. So I think, I think you have, I mean, I think, first off, that's super, super important. Macro patients. It's great to say patients, but you have to be making progress. Patients without progress is insanity. So, so you do have to progress. This doesn't mean on a daily or monthly or even quarterly basis, but it does need to be on an annual basis. Like, I do have annual goals, and I if the business didn't grow that year, if we didn't make some major win that year, like, that's a big fail, that's a huge red flag. And I'm thinking, I'm asking myself some very hard questions. Usually, I find, usually, if you have a good business and you have some meaning to a customer base, and you're doing micro speed, as Aaron put it, and you're operating with urgency, and you're focusing on the right things. Usually, you find that a year goes by and you're like, holy shit, it felt like I was walking through quicksand while chewing glass. But hey, I actually accomplished all this stuff here. Look at where we were last year versus where we are now. And I love, I think as long as you're seeing that, of course, you should be patient 100% you know? Because, I mean, we all know how compound compounding works, right? Like, it's small, it's small, it's small, it's small, it's big. 80% of the value in almost any business is created in the last 20% of the race, right? Like, this is where nothing until those last few years, where you actually start to see that massive margin expansion, and then you're like, that's really

Speaker  656944:00
worth something. Then it's fine. Joseph, you got your hand up. What's up, dude? Yes.

Speaker  658080:00
Thank you. First of all, thanks David, for sharing your story. Good to meet you. I'm from Montreal. I remember when I was when I was young, you opened up a David's Tea store on Sherbrooke, and never drank tea, but like Aaron said, The Forever nuts one, and I think there was one, like electric lemon or something too. I can't remember exactly, but, you know, got me into drinking tea. So I'm building a beverage brand as well, a little bit different. We have some hardware and, you know, it's concentrates and stuff. But one of the things that I'm, you know, focused on is building a brand and making sure that we focus our messaging, that we have the right associations, that, yeah, that everything is cohesive. And so I wanted to ask, obviously, you created this brand around tea, where there was never this, like, you know, it wasn't a glorified thing the way you made it. So, what was the key piece for you, you know, if it's one thing or multiple things, that really created the David's Tea brand, was it, you know, having, you know, nice packaging? Was it having good location for your stores. Like, what do you think was really the thing, the piece that helped you scale to where you got?

Speaker  679861:19
Well, I think, I think, I think primarily, if I had to distill it down to one thing, obviously, execution matters and and you can have the kernel that could lead to enormous success, but we can't cultivate that kernel. It's not going to grow into what you want it to. I would say the kernel for us is we created this incredible sensory retail experience that that you know, allowed you to experience tea in this new way where you could smell it and taste it and talk about it and see blends that you've never seen before. And it was totally different than how you normally bought tea. And it was entertaining, and it was fun. Everything beyond that is execution, right? Like good packaging. Every you know, everybody wants to have good packaging, of course, you know, I mean good real estate. Of course, you want good real estate. You don't want bad real estate, right? Like, you know, you need good people. Like all the rest of that is actually common to all businesses like you want to have. But the essence of why the world wanted us, they wanted us because they liked the retail magic we were able to create. So, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  698469:20
Sorry, thank you because, and I think that that's pretty consistent with what I've been hearing from a lot of beverage founders and stuff, that it's really getting people to, you know, taste their beverages, to kind of connect with the brand, connect with the people behind it, and stuff, obviously, like now being in where we're going to DVC primarily, and that's kind of where we are, too, and our model can't really support retail right off the bat. And so, like, how do you do it? How would you suggest creating that, like, physical presence and getting people to try your brand and see you and and connect with

Speaker  709184:00
you?

Speaker  709536:00
Yeah. So retail,

Speaker  710133:20
I think, I think this is something I I've had to struggle with too. This is very new for me. Like, you know, like I mentioned to you when I started, there was no Instagram, so I have a new team brand called Fire belly. We're going through this now. I think, I think aid starts with the product projects. I'm proud, obsessed, obsessed. I mean, I took us two years to develop our tea line. Our accessories are insane, very hard to replicate. So I think product is really, really, really important. It's got to be awesome. And then beyond that. I mean, it's a content game nowadays, you're battling for airtime, right? I mean, that's. What it is you're battling for airtime. I mean, you better be good in front of a camera or have somebody that is, because that's the name of the game. I mean, you have to be able to sell on, you know, while everybody's scrolling like, you know, and that's, that's where we all are. I mean, what was your look up your screen time last week? I bet it was over five hours a day. I bet there's not a single person on this call who's under four, right? Like so, and you're asleep for seven to eight of them, or whatever, right? So, so you're, you're, you know of your waking hours you're spending. I mean, this is no secret, but you're, you're spending, like, what, 30, 40% of your time on your phone. So that's where people are in the absence of a retail experience, which still is an opportunity nowadays, albeit it's even more important to be experiential, because the idea of the retail store is the point of distribution is out the window. But if you're telling me the absence of that, and I'm not opening stores on fire belly so quick, either, yeah, I think, I think you're trying to capture people's attention online, and it's a media game at this point. I mean, that's what it is. There's no, I don't know another way. I mean, you can, you can run around and sample, but it's very expensive and it's very hard to develop a connection. Because I'll tell you a little story to illustrate it, like we open one of the Mad radish, one of the many mistakes I made with Matt radish, getting to the point I'm at with it now is we open a store in a mall. Now, David C was 70% mall based, and it was great because it was gifting. It was experiential. And the problem with food in a mall, when nobody knows who the hell you are is that you're it's so hard to acquire that first food is primal, right? Like it's like this. We're trusting a company with our basic necessity to like, nourish us and eat. So our food habits actually don't change very quickly. If you think about as a kid, the fashion brands that we're around versus today, most of them are gone. If you think about the food brands, and almost all still there. And the reason for that is that we don't switch food habits quickly. So we opened this restaurant in a mall, and we got killed because you shop us once, we spend all this energy getting you in the door. But then when's the next time you're back at the mall, right? It's so rare. So the model just wasn't built for that. Whereas, if I open downtown Toronto, you know, you're at work, you finally try us out. You love it. You're back there three days a week, like, you know. So I think, I think that the the problem of getting out there and sampling in the physical world without a storefront and is extremely costly, and it's sort of a flash in the pan, like, like, there has to be a level of consistency. So I don't, I don't, necessarily, you know, I don't love the activations in that sense, I think it's a media game, and I still think it's an advertising game. I mean, I know, I know it's gotten, you know, Facebook attribution, this, that and the other. But I don't, I still don't. I still have yet to find a better tactic than trying to prove your website conversion rate. Like, to me, it's like a three part puzzle, right? You have, how good is your media and how much like the thumb stop like, how good is it stopping the thumb? How good are your contribution? Margins? Because that's going to be that's going to contribute to your formula. That's really important. And how good is your is your conversion off your website and your email and other channels that you're communicating to customer? And if you kind of can get those three pieces to fit, where you can slowly scale the ad spend, then you got something, but it's very tough otherwise. And then, and then the product has to be king, because if the product, you spend all that time getting them in the door, and then the recurrence, especially with beverage, where they might buy, you know, then, then, then you've, you've shot yourself in the foot. You're just, you tread water forever, but, but I think those are kind of the four pillars I see it as right now.

Speaker  779306:40
So you think it's possible to scale without, you know, having that physical presence and just staying direct to consumer without.

Speaker  781354:40
Well, I mean, every direct consumer business I know, even the ones with physical presence, didn't have physical presence till they were gigantic. True Classics is opening stores now they're $100 million plus business. You know, like Warby Parker waited till they were selling tons of glasses. Like, yeah, no, you can. I think you can't look I think the time to open stores is when you a, can afford it from a cash flow perspective. And B, you believe your store is independent of your E, the worst reason to open a store is because you think you see it as advertising. Don't do that, you're gonna get killed.

Speaker  790133:20
No, it's just so that people taste the product. Because for us, and to give you a little more context, is we have, it's a it's a machine. It's like an espresso that makes still beverages, it filters. And then we have concentrates, and the initial investment is a little bit high. It's $250 to then enjoy the, you know, capsules that make, you know, multiple beverages. And, you know, trying to convince people to put down that initial investment, you know, to have our drinks is I foreseeing going to be difficult. We haven't launched yet, but without them actually trying it and saying, Okay, I need this product because I can make any. Type of still beverage once I have it so

Speaker  800896:00
but, yeah, just separate or possible.

Speaker  801728:00
Everything's difficult. Yeah, yeah, you want to separate difficult from possible. Like, stores are difficult. They're not, they're not a panacea, like, they're really difficult. Yeah, just laid out 250 to $400,000 to open up a store and in the hopes that people are going to stop what they're doing and walk inside and buy from you, yeah, remember that like it's, it's so, yeah, I mean, I think just make, if you're going to do retail, it's great. I mean, I love retail, but, you know, the store has to make money. Don't view it as you're going to open this thing up and it'll be a marketing expense. That's, that's, that's, you're going to burn through way too much cash. All right, thank you, no problem.

Speaker  811626:40
So we've got just over, like five, six minutes here left if anyone's got, I mean, I've got 700 questions, but I want to make sure everyone gets their moment here. You can probably take one, maybe two more here. If you have one, just raise your hand or throw it in the chat, or I'll wait like 30 seconds before I got mine.

Speaker  817680:00
That was actually I really enjoyed the the idea is that someone, someone trying to say something. No, okay, what is that?

Speaker  820752:00
No, yeah, I didn't say anything, but I'll kick us out. So David, I know probably five people that own tea companies now, by doing this and talking to a lot of people, the one thing I noticed with people is they are so devoted to their brand. On tea companies, it, you know, they they're in the fields. They're doing this, you know, they don't like a lot of product companies. They go to China once every five years, whatever. Yeah, the people that own tea companies are so, like, devoted, and you kind of brought it at the beginning. You tried to buy your company back two times. You know, you started another tea company. I talked to a lot of people who talk about, you know, like they just kind of get bored of their business. Hate their business. How do, you know, tell us how, like you guys, deal with that in a type of company that no one ever seems to get tired of it. Everybody that owns tea companies love it and love it forever and want to keep them forever.

Speaker  835552:00
I see this a lot. I was just at a conference called commerce summit in New York, and it was really interesting. At one of the dinners they had a couple of VC people, and they had some, some pretty impressive companies like vessi shoes and Chubbies clothing and $100 million plus businesses and and a few others who, who, some that exited, some hadn't. But, you know, everybody, it seems like everybody sort of is the dream is, raise a bunch of money, sell it right? Like, move on. The more I do this, the less that's my dream. Like, it's it, you know, I like cash flow. I want to, I don't want to raise a dime if I can avoid it. Like, I see it a lot different. I'm like, and they all kind of believe that they can't have 100 year brand and, and, and they're like, Well, if you look at it like this, and, you know, and then somebody who does something with Jake Paul was like, oh, no, it has to be the celebrities. If you don't have a celebrity nowadays, you're done. I think that's all bullshit, you know, LL Bean is a phenomenal business. Like, you know, it's not sexy, it's Kim Kardashian doesn't wear it, but it's hundreds of millions of dollars, enormously profitable, you know, and it has been around for 100 years. Like, Mont Blanc pens are like, I mean, there are all these brands where they're incredible businesses that are stable, that are cash flow positive and then have the ability to continue on for the next generation. That's kind of like I actually think there's and I think the reason people don't think that way, and they don't that is exactly what you said. They get bored. But I think that there's ways you don't have to sell your business just because you're bored of running it, you can hire people you know, like, like, if your business is big enough, you can hire someone to run it. And that doesn't mean, like, it's not all, it's not all or nothing. The business can adapt to your life, especially if you don't have somebody that you sold a massive chunk to and convince them that you're going to be the Uber of whatever it is you're doing. So I think, I think that, like, entrepreneurship can be this incredible lifestyle as well, where once you've actually made it to a point where it's got stability and cash flow, if you can start something else and still own it, like I have several companies, and I'm looking at another opportunity, frankly. And like, you know, like mad. Radish is the guy who's running it right now. Is far better at running restaurants than I am. I didn't just pluck him out of the out of the sky. I mean, we developed a relationship. I brought him on first to run operations. He came from predominant in the US was, you know, and I realized how good he was, and I gave him more responsibility and more compensation. And he's done an outstanding job and and he loves it much more than I like running restaurants. So you know now, does that mean that one bright morning he decides to screw up, or or whatever, or we hit a different plateau, and maybe I decide I want to run it again, maybe, but, like, there's I still own it, so I have all that optionality. In the meantime, we're profitable every month. So I think, I think, I don't know. I think this is one of the rare instances where it is possible to have your cake and eat it too. I don't know that you have to. And by the way, I think that's it might appear that way from the outside, that everybody the Tea Company is just super passionate about tea, and they, you know, yeah, I mean, everybody likes to put up that they went to China, but like insider secret, that's all bullshit. None of that matters. In fact, most of the blends you drink, none of it comes from Asia. It's all it's actually Germany, and the German sells to some of the American distributors. But if you're big enough, you go to Hamburg or you go to Bamberg. They call it the Hamburg mafia. All the tea comes in through the port of Hamburg. These tea houses have been around since like, the 1600s but like, you know, it's, that's marketing, right? Like, hey, look at me. I'm in the tea fields. You don't need to go to the tea fields to get great tea. There's, there's 101 different channels to get great tea. That's just the romance of it, and it's cool. Like, don't get me wrong, I want to go to Japan. I'll film myself in Japan. Of course I will. But do I have to go to Japan to run a great tea business? 100% No, but yeah, I think, I think that you're, it depends what you want out of your company. If you want to grow it fast and sell it, that's one route, and it seems to have been the choice for most entrepreneurs for the past 10 years. But there is another way. Like, you know, most of I have this podcast I do with a friend of mine, Harley Finkelstein, who's the president of Shopify. It's called Big Shot, remote Jewish. We grew up with these stories of these old Jewish guys who built these incredible businesses that most people have never heard of, who don't have social media presences, and we decided to interview them before they all die. So we had like Izzy sharp, the founder of the four seasons we had, like David Rubenstein, Bill Carlisle group, we just did Bobby Brown, Bobby Brown cosmetics, and then Jones road, that episode's coming out soon. Anyway, what I've learned from these people, what's amazing about them, is they didn't have the world we have, where they had access to capital like we do, right? So you know, Larry Silverstein, Bill half of New York City, and started with zero. He was came from abject poverty and and, you know, they're like most these people. They had different endeavors throughout their lives, but they never sold their business. It was like, like, they built a money tree in the backyard, and they just kept it. And so it was just a very different you see these people, and they're, all 50 Year overnight success stories, but like, they never thought that way. They weren't like, Oh, I'm bored. I'm going to go, I'm sell it and go somewhere else. It was like, No, I'm bored. I'm going to take on a new project. But I'm still, I still own my business. It's still my business. And I'm, you know, and projects would come and go, but the anchor was the brand and the business they built. So I just bring that up as another option. Boredom does not need to be the reason to sell your company and go do something else that you're going to become equally bored of in a short amount of time, right? Love

Speaker  930528:00
it actually gold. That's perfect. That's the drama I've been kind of beating, but I think it comes with the gray hair a little bit.

Speaker  933071:59
Shira asked something quick. You know, Shira quickly before we lie. I want to get this question, because you did put it in four minutes before she said, if you were to pick one brand and collaborate with, who would it be? It's like a fire question. On top of it was the first brand. What's the one brand that comes to your head right away when you hear

Speaker  937445:19
that Parker movie? Yeah.

Speaker  939429:20
You know, at the end of the move, here's a little tea basket.

Speaker  940122:39
If I had big one brand, I'd probably say blue bottle. Oh, I love that.

Speaker  941018:40
Yeah, I love that. They're all over. Okay, well, guys, first of all, David, to give you context, typically over the calls, people drop off. They have other calls. They the people call them their business owners. Every single person stayed since the beginning. So this was fantastic. Appreciate you so much for spending an hour with us, guys. If you want to check him out, he's not as active as I would like him to be on Instagram, but I shared his instagram handle here, and you have to listen to the podcast. It's called the Big Shot Show. It's, it's like, untold stories from people like, like, he said that will probably die and no one will ever actually know, like, learning about the Four Seasons was insane to me. This other guy bought the twin towers on a credit card. Like, these are things that you just like, don't no one's ever telling you it's insane. So definitely, like, one of my favorite podcasts, and I don't really listen to podcasts, that's how good it is. Otherwise. David, thank you so much

Speaker  956634:40
my pleasure. It's great to meet you all, and thank you for having me. I appreciate

Speaker  957754:40
it. Thanks. David, thanks. David,

Speaker  958490:40
thanks guys. A blast. Thanks, Clay. Thanks. Aaron, Cheers, everybody. Bye.
