Ivan Ong_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey. Okay, thanks for inviting me. Before I start, I just want to maybe say something I think in January. I know some of you probably know that I got my account on hack and through MDS. I got a lot of support. A lot of people messaged me. A lot of people helped me to escalate our issues to Amazon team. So I wanted to say thank you to all the people that that helped me and talked to me during that period, whereby it was a very tough period. So thank you, MDS, and I thought about, what's the best way to give back to the community by is to be here in MDS summit and say yes to Eugene to speak on stage. Yeah. Okay, so I have 30 minutes. I have like 30 slides, so I have one minute per slide. So let me just get right to it. So a little bit about me. I'm a since I've been an MDS member since 2018 born and lived in Singapore. This year, we do about 100 million mostly Amazon. So I don't know any much things about Tiktok or like AI and stuff like that, but I do know Amazon. So my presentation will be mostly on Amazon stuff. My background is I used to do CPA affiliate marketing for 10 years when I was in my 20s. And then I did some educational events, a local business, and I sold it to a PE I did some merger acquisition M S, so I also listed my company on the Australia stock exchange. So I do have some listing acquisition M A's compliance stuff on the on the business side, we raised 14 million Australian dollars, and I lost everything in three years through like a bad management from the the HQ and stuff like that. Okay, this is about me, a little bit about brand. Some of you may know we our brand is behind the baby and maternity space called care babies. We started in 2017, right now we're about 30 million, 13 million customers on our social medias. We put our attention to it. A lot of love, a lot of engagement. So we have about turning over followers. We also have a Facebook group like support mommy groups, about 50k members. We do. We have six categories of products, bath, feet, gears, sleep, maternity and gift and we have about 2000 SKUs. So we, other than Amazon, we also sell on target. We also sell on baby list, Macy's, fair, Nordstrom, iHerb, growth, Walmart. Walmart just got on the 1pm which is pretty good. So we'll see. We'll see where you can take these two. So despite having all this, Amazon is about 86% of business. So the rest, we work very hard, but it's only 14% so we are still trying very hard to diversify off Amazon, like a lot of you are trying to do, we focus a lot of brand on, like, quality, trust in our brand. So we have like, a lot of accreditations that we go after, like, all the baby safe certifications, accreditation that you need to get if you write you if you run a trustworthy brand. We also do a lot of awards. All these are, like, mummies, parenting awards in the US, some are paid to win. Some are like, like, logically, you have to like, be good in the product. We do a lot of PR, press, public relations for our products, our brand to get to under all these international sites, parenting, LA Weekly, ABC News, business, insider, Forbes. And then we also do because I'm from Singapore. So these are like our Singapore media. Usually we do this local one is for hiring. So we want to hire people. When we search for our brand, search for our company, they can see all the features that we are on. It helps them to build our brands credibility, reputation, and understand more a bit about company before they join us, like what I think Jay Hunter talk about like, you just sell your company also, right? So that's what we are doing with our local, local features. So this our sales growth since the day we started 2017 was 50k we started 2017 November, so it's a little bit and then three and a half, 920, 3037, 5885, and then this year, 100. So I'll be talking about, like, the different stages of your business, of our business, and what we what we did right and what we did wrong. What are things we focus on? What are things that we we pull the lever in order to, like, steal the business up, like in this, in this trend. So you can see from here, like zero to like, when we go to eight figures, it took us, like two and a half years. And then for us to go from 10 to, like 50, it took us five years. So this is the part whereby I think most of you are stuck there, like 10 to five and. From like, 50 to 100. It took us two years. So share more about every different stages. What do you what do we do? So this the first stage, zero to 100, zero to 1 million. I'm sure all of you here are really qualified. If not, you won't be in this room. Okay, so this is probably when you get started. You are one to two men. Show you are the business. There's no system, no SOPs and everything. I'll probably not talk too much about this, because there's so many slides. This is probably one to 5 million. How many of you are, like, in this stage? One to 5 million. Yeah. Okay, so at this stage, probably are overwhelmed operations, because you only have, like, very few team members. You are doing everything. You're doing the supply chain, you're doing the PPC, you're doing the listing, you're doing the product research, you're doing this. You're doing the sourcing. You're talking suppliers. You're doing the freight. Like Mo, he's doing everything.

Speaker  94026:40
So at this stage, you probably become like, like, you become burned out. Start hiring people. Team size should be around four to 10. Start to like, delegate the things that you don't really don't like to do, and then they get out to be a department, the supply chain, sourcing this thing, PPC team, you can like, slowly the ones that you like. You can keep it the ones that you don't like. It's better to hire someone and to take over it, and so that you can focus on the things that you do better. Start you you become the one to create SOPs, hand them over, teach them, guide them and everything, launching products, analyzing competitors. So keep it like, do what you do best. Try to grow the top line. Analyze competitors, how to do better, close the gap between you and competitors, and then the next phase, where you go to five to 10 million. From this you have to realize that you have brand incoherent. Your brand is like, everywhere, nobody knows exactly what your brand is. Your customers don't know, like, oh, actually, I bought, I bought this brand before, and then, like, there's unclear brand message. The way you talk to your customer is also not consistent. Your Cash Flow is stuck in your inventory. So cash flow becomes like a big issue at this stage. When you're scaling, you have lots of leaking holes. You have, like costs everywhere that you you didn't know that. You are literally losing a lot of money, like invisible costs, especially now with Amazon coming up with so many different fees and everything, the cost is even higher. Or your department head, your managers that you maybe your first hire will start to have like hire their own vas, that they have to manage on their own team size, ideally now should be around 1220, people take a deeper look into branding. So actually, what we did was we did a branding exercise. We engaged a brand consultant to help us rebrand our whole thing. Help us to we did a nine month project to like, really drive us into like, who are what's our mission or vision? Who are our customers? How do we talk to them? How do we make our listing and everything congruent like customers who see this product and they see product they know immediately, based on the based on the imagery of the listings. Is our brain. I uh, start to do like a lot of PR awards, start to build trust, start to build quality in your brand. And then on operation side, start to build SOPs and checklists that can be talking to your team and have the same output results. So because your your team will probably have their own vas, you need to make sure that the system SOP that you create is able to be taught and be repro duplicable. Yeah. And then the next phase, the eight figure phase, inventory mistakes become costlier over stocks become more expensive under stock also become like critical mistakes. At this page, we are scaling and in cash flow is very important. Important to build a relationship with suppliers to make sure that the payment terms you have is good. I'll talk about more about that later. The system SOPs. At this stage, the system SOP that go into eight figure probably become obsolete. Yeah, you could. And then becomes very messy, because now your team is the one leading their own team members, and the SOP that you created to help them to get to where you are in a four to 10 million will not, will not help you. And it will not serve you anymore, or there's no mansion you probably lack managers and leaders in the company to execute departmental strategies. So anyway, all these things that we, I share is is applicable to me in my business. So it may not be applicable to you, I don't know. So I'm just sharing my experience of how we we run our business a team size. From this, we have about 20 to 50 people. Other people that brought to eight figure may not catch up. So we, I'm sure some of you may have experienced this that the people that was trying to do everything in the beginning, they can do listing, they can do like product research, they can do sourcing, they can do PP. See, what is people, when they go to this level, they you don't want you don't want generalists. You want people that specializes in supply chain, the people that every day, they are the only they only know PPC, they only know sourcing. They only know certain things. So you need, like, very specialized people that can give you the knowledge and experience to help you to scale to the next level. Okay? And then that's at this point you start to have realize that your SOPs have to get more and more. Your skills become more and more. Your asin become there's more and more ASINs. Your Google Sheets start to become messy. How many of you using Google Sheets for inventory planning? Yeah, your Google Sheets become messy, like crazy. Your shipment becomes very crazy, especially now with Amazon splitting us to like five location even, even more shipments. Yeah, so actually, what we did was we built our ERP system. So there was a there was a thought decision I used to make whether to build our own ERP or to use what's out there in the market, and then we decided to build our own ERP system, which was a game changer for us, because it allowed us to scale. So always at this stage, invest to scale, invest in people, invest in systems, invest in technology, to scale your business. So this is just a screenshot of our ERP system is called Captain here, so it's a cute little like an app, because it's behind the baby niche, right? We do everything needs to be cute, yeah? So, so we have three full time developers. The other company, they just developed this software with all the they help other departments to build out processes and and streamline everything and try to link all the data together. So like from from purchase order to shipments to our inventory data to finance, everything is all linked so that you every so I call it like the spine of our business, where information flows. Everything go flows through this our system, and we even recently built up our own like notification app, like, you know, seller eyes sentry kit. They suck at it. So then there's like hijackers, but they don't give you warnings. There's like suspension, but it's very late, then they tell you. So actually, we build our own. We even build our own like Event Notification app on our own, and then we've aw DS and stuff like that. So we build it because it's very customizable to our business. And if I go to run through this, you'll take another two hours to go through every single module, so I'll skip that. And right now, this is the the phase that we we also, we also been through at this phase, we there was some effective, ineffective leadership. So like the people that were coming in, the new people, they don't really understand our business. They don't know what we stand for, they don't know our brand. They don't understand who our customers are. So these are the things that we face. Your data becomes very messy. There's so many, many things that you so many data everywhere that you are looking at that it becomes very messy. We are not organized. Of course, we got the cybersecurity issues in January. So there was a big thing. Now we have some size. It becomes a double edged sword. Decision making becomes slow, too many approval layers, vendor suppliers, they want to fight for your business. So in this is like, like a thing that we did whereby we saw 20% of our SKUs across multiple suppliers. So then they will fight for our business, because they know we have, we have volume, and they won our our business. So they will, they will cut, they'll cut price on their own. Sometimes they come to you, oh, I've managed to optimize some cause. We're going to pass the cost saving to you. We're going to lower your price for you automatically, so you automatically, so you don't have to even have to wait negotiate. They will come to you and tell you, we want that volume. So what does it take for me to for you to give me that volume? Yeah. So this is a little bit about process move workflow in our company, whereby everything is like, kind of like, run by the system, run by the workflow. So from the product research, this is very typical of Amazon business, like product research, R and D, we have, we have a team for that. And then goes to one, when the design is done, everything is approved. You go to product sourcing with your source for suppliers in China and everything. And then we go to the print design. We call it the PC team is called a print PC team. I don't know what. I can't remember that stands for, so print and packaging. And then it goes to BV. BV stands for brand visual team. So they do all the they take care of all our brand videos, the design listings, for the photography, the videography and everything for their product launch, prepare, and then go to mg. Mg, quite the marketplace growth team. So they take care of the marketplace. They create the listings, but they also take care of optimization and conversion rates of the listing. So they do a lot, everything Amazon issues this team handle. And then we go to supply chain, SC team. They do the freight to ship. It to the whatever country that we are going to sell in. And then DM stands for Digital Marketing, the DM team, which is the PPC team, and the marketing communication team, which is our social media team, so they will do the launch, and then our fin finance team will do the payment, and then they win. So repeat. So every product that we launch goes through the entire eight step process, and then you just continue. So now, in what I do, in the day to day, is I just basically this is what I do, aligning team company to Team interaction, and I find the next phase of growth, and then basically just make good decision every day.

Speaker  249957:19
So yeah, just say yes or no, yeah. Okay, so whatever I share just now maybe it may be relevant to you, may not be relevant to you. So in order to give maximum value, which I promise usually not do it I'm giving, I added extra 12 bonus tips to grow your top line and your bottom line. Are you interested in this 12 bonus. You started from eight, and then I keep increasing, I keep Oh, there's new idea, and actually adding. So these are things again, these are things that we do that help us to grow our top line and protect our bottom line. Number one. Growth don't need to come from launches. It can also come from improving your existing product. Climb the category leader. So you're number 10, there's still nine more places that you can you can continue to grow. And in fact, from last year, 70% of our growth came from improving existing products. So always be testing. I saw, I heard someone mentioned that earlier, always testing your listing. Test. That's your A plus, that's an image, that's title, that's your sub images. Look at Amazon data now, adding variations to your listings also helps you a lot, adding color, adding sizes, adding packs, and then run PPC on your variation. I know a lot of do, a lot of you don PPC on a variation, but you should, and it actually brings like like, more people, more more sales for your overall parent, and which helps you to climb the category. Leader number two, scaling PPC for us doesn't mean you have to increase your CPC or bid, because, you know, sometimes you say, Oh, you have to scale PPC. You have to increase your bids. But we don't do that. We actually layer different strategies with layers, many, many different strategies on the same keyword. So for example, our cube maybe, is baby bibs. So we have, like, multiple strategies on one keyword that we are constantly like trying to push. So you can see from this is skill insights dashboard. So our PPC sales can be, can be going up, but in your CPC, it's also trending down. I mean, that's the that's the ideal, that's what you want, right? You want to have your sales increasing, but yet your CPC is going down, spending more getting more clicks, getting more sales, yeah, so, so, for example, in Amazon bidding system, there's like three different kind of bidding, right? Like dynamic, up, down, down only and fixed bid. So, so we created like a strategy where, by the same keyword, we use all three strategies. So there's like three strategies just for just on this bidding rule itself. And then let's like search term. You can use sqp, you can find keywords your master keyword list, whereby you can get from Data Dive or helium 10 or whatever. The third tip that I have is to compare your PPC conversion against category PPC medium and a category top, so that you know where you are. You know where you are, where you stand, for your Kat, for your product, where you are in overall category, and you know what you need to do in order to increase and climb the category leader, so that you can get it from Seller Central, campaign manager. There's a stat so you can do that. I don't know. Some of you may know that made may not know that. So you can see, like customer conversion rate for your brand, which 20% and then the category medium, why is it? And like, then like the category top, what is the conversion rate? So that you know what you need to do in order to do better. Yeah. Number four, we are, we are like, we optimize four areas of our business very ruthlessly. And these four are like the PPC. So of course, we spend about a million dollars a month on PPC. So, like, I always tell my team to just try to optimize and save 1% for me every month. I don't need, I don't need you to, like, do a lot of magic, just try to optimize and save 1% of our PPC costs every month. Yeah. And then there's, like, in the long run, is a lot of money. And then, like, supply chain, we do a lot of freight comparison. We use like, four freight forwarders that we always compare it week over week to make sure that we get the best deal, we negotiate very hard for the best rates and everything. Last year, we did something like we used to use us three PL, and then we managed to switch our three PL to China, so we got a free China, like very cheap China's. Origin in China, which help us to save a lot of costs. So these are things that we are constantly doing to improve and save more money so that we can use the money for like, better use of our cash flow. This is a pro tip that we have because I'm from Singapore. Sometimes when I use a chip from as a Singapore address, I sometimes get AWD West, which some of you probably is asking, how do you always get AWD West for the West Coast? Yeah, I can try this. If it works. I don't know it works for us. Sometimes, COGS is something that we optimize very ruthlessly about the cost that we are paying our suppliers. Compare different suppliers, not. It's very important not to be over reliant on them. The moment they know that you are dependent on them because they are the only source, then that's the death, that point where they know they have leverage. So you want to turn that over. Have my malleable source. I don't need you. I mean, I like I do business with you because I like you. It's not because I have to do it with you. So you have to, like, turn the leverage over, and you become the, like, the one with more power, more bargaining power they need you more than you need them. Yeah. So like, like, what I say earlier, the top 20 products that we have, we have multiple suppliers, like, at least three or four so that we they're always comparing. They're always trying to fight for our business, just trying to win the business dropping prices for us and operation is something that we also like. Work very hard because we have 90 people to feed and our business is scaling. We don't want to like hiring to us is like the last step in terms of how we scale. We always tell the team to work on optimization, talk, talk about systemization. Your SOP need to be good. And we always ask our managers, can our current SOPs and system scale? So like I said, right now, I have 1000 skills, and you are using this system. I always ask them, if you double it to 2000 do you need to hire people? Can your system currently? Can your Google Sheets handle like 5000 SKUs. If his answer is no, then you need to work on your system. The problem is your system is not good enough. And we always have that mentality to always think about if next year, we double our skill, our skills, can our system right now handle that? If not, then we need to work on, work on the system, work on the optimization, work on our softwares and everything. So this number four, number five, I already have five more minutes. You need capital for growth. Use other people's money, so things that we do, payment terms. So the best one we had over the years of meeting supplier, talking to them, building relationship and making sure they like me, I like them. And the best one we have now is like, pick up 30 like the we pay 0% deposits, and then we pay only. After we pick up the goods, we pay them 60 days later. So after we pick delivery of the goods, we only pay them the invoice like 60 days later. So like, there's like net 60 something like that. Let's deposit some of you, maybe you start off with suppliers that you are. You need to do like, 30% deposit, 3070 30% deposit, 70% upon collection of goods. So maybe slowly, we can try to negotiate that down 20, 20% 30% to 2020, to 1010, to zero. It takes time and effort to slowly bring that down, build the trust. Because we have, like, 2000 SKUs. We have a lot of designs on our baby products, on our shirt. We always negotiate for our lower MOQ. So right now, some suppliers, our MOQ is zero, so so there's no like MOQ requirements. They store the raw material for us and the risk is on them. That's not my problem. So that's something that we also negotiated hard for. It lead time. If they are doing lead up producing in 40 days, ask them, can you improve it in 30 days? And keep pressuring them to improve the lead time? Because if they improve the lead time, that means you don't have to hold so much inventory, and your cash flow conversion cycles start to improve. So this is also very critical for us on the PPC side. This is what we do on our PPC campaign. Our campaign, for example, our best seller, one of best seller, toddler pillow, our campaign naming is like, we use, like, a lot of separators, separator, separator, separator. So we do that somewhere. We download the bug file on Amazon, off it. We can, like, use Excel to, like, speed up the separators, and then we can turn them into use something like Luca studio or Power BI to put everything together into a data visualization tool like that. So you can see, like, one look, you can see all the different strategies that you have, all the different products that you have. What are the a cause? What conversion rates for every single strategy that you you do? So we have about 100,000 campaigns. We are all like, skcs, yeah, all SKC, so we are like, a lot, lot of campaigns. So you. Think this gives us, like, a broad overview, one look, see or kind of thing. So this is better than skill inside, I feel

Speaker  402944:00
they don't use scale inside. Skill

Speaker  403456:00
inside, they don't they don't have like the like, the like the breakdown of strategies. They only have like product PPC breakdown. But you want to drill in deeper. And we use skill in saboni on the broad level, but you want to drill really deep. And then we use, like a visualization tool, if I with a separator like that number seven. This has been a game changer for us, or so. We group every product into its own portfolio in Amazon, PPC, and then we set a daily portfolio budget so that you can control how much budget you want per product. So the issue that we have in the past was that when we use there's a typo is always to be account, account, account level budget. Even in Amazon, there's an account level budget, daily budget. So there one is a total budget for all products. So it's not able to allocate how much spend that you want for exactly every single product, especially when you we have, like, 100 products, we one budget is very hard for us to allocate. Oh, this product, one 1000 this product. I want 500 this product. I want 300 this product. I want 200 and then in the Amazon there's also this feature called the portfolio budget. But the issue with the portfolio budget on Amazon now is like it's a monthly budget. So you can set like, forever this portfolio, I want to spend 5000 but it's a monthly budget, so it does not allocate it accordingly. So the moment you can spend, you can spend $500 today, and then for the rest of the month is like zero. So what we did was to start the step. We use portfolio budget, and then we start the start the set, set the start date to today every single day. So for example, for example, our product a we have a budget of $100 that we set, and then the start date of this Kat portfolio is today. So that after the thing run like $100 for the day it kept out, and then there's no more budget. And then the next day we will, we will refresh again the start date to the next day, so that every day you have $100 allocated to this part, to this product portfolio that you can spend, and you can control this. I don't know if you guys understand that. Understand, yeah. And of course, we have so many portfolios. We have so many products we use, like a bob ops, every day to have a template. You just download the budget and just upload it. It takes one minute. Like VA tasks every single day for us, at 3am at 12am PST, our VAs will, like, refresh the start date using bulk files, which takes about one minute. Number eight, we also focus a lot of time and attention onto hidden fees. So these are all the different fees that we can get back from Amazon. Is a long, huge list. So what we did was we used to use like true ops get it still, there's a few seller locker. And then what we did was we learned the processes, and then we get our in house VAs to do it. It opened cases for us. So on average, we are getting about 1% of our sales back on a monthly basis. So year to date, we have gotten back about 630,000 of like, lost shipment, of like, whatever, damage and refund and everything. So our processes for this is also pretty Darwin, to make sure that we maximize whatever we can get from Amazon. If you don't do this, then Amazon's going to be laughing, right? So you gotta, you gotta, like, drew in onto this, yeah, to get, just get a year to do it. Number nine, we in our product. We do a lot. We like to do a lot of like create customer experience in the unboxing experience, so the moment they open up our product, sometimes you give them, like a very cute stickers, or parents to customers to use this cube little stickers. It costs about 10 Cent. So it's just like a small little thing. We also have this card whereby we want them to acknowledge them that we are proud of them as a parent. So this time, we learned it from like Russell Bronson Click Funnels. There's a.com secret book that he wrote about how to create the cup a cup culture. So we also like emulate a little bit of what, what they do, and then we acknowledge them. And customers really, really love this. And sometimes we put, like, we put a little story book into our best seller or toddler pillow. So it's like a pillow, but in the pillow we put our story book. So we create experience whereby parents can read the story books to their little baby. And this kind of using our pillow, so this kind of, like, create, like, a wonderful experience. A wonderful experience for them. So it's something that we do branding. We use on top, like all the small little things that we do, physically on the digital side, we we use, like create, like cute little stickers, GIF that we then Christmas GIF, birthday GIFs, emotic. Cons that we can give to our customers to let them download it on their phone, and they can use it on their Instagram, on their communication, in WhatsApp. So this is the WhatsApp one. So they did all these emoticons. So this one, we have, like a nine, 50 million views, almost 1 billion views on our on our seekers. So these are, like, nice things, nice ways that we do to get customers to remember us. Engage with them off Amazon and make them remember every time they need to buy a big product, remember us. Yeah, so it's like a customer experience kind of thing. You can go you can go in look, go to WhatsApp and look for K babies. You can see all our cute video stickers. A bit more. Two more, two more. So this is what we do for like, we track our brand growth using based on our PR, and whatever we do on the branding side, we can't really allocate the ROI to it, but we how we track it is through our brand searches, like from sqp. You can download it from brand analytics. You can download all these, all this data. You know, like, what customers are searching for your product will be using your brand. So like, care babies, bibs, care babies wrapped. And then you can know, like, which, which are the product that you want to push for, for branding, for PR and etc. So we also do a lot of Amazon live, our live store. Now we have about 90,000 followers, so we get them to follow our our Amazon store. So whenever we do Amazon live on a weekly basis, our we get, and they get a notification to come to our lives. So we don't do Tiktok lives, but we do like Amazon lives, yeah, okay. Get the last one, and I look at and talk about a lot of other friends sellers, and they always tell me that they want to go to niche market they are free of competition and stuff like that. But the truth is, to be able to scale, you need to have you need to enter big, competitive markets and play the long game. So for us, we we wouldn't have, like, scale so quickly if we were afraid of entering big markets. So don't be afraid to enter big markets. Play the long game it. It probably takes, like, a couple of years for you to slowly climb up. But if you do it consistently, you optimize it consistently, it's going to be worth the thing in the in the long run, yeah, I think that's all I

Speaker  518389:20
have. We'll take you one question. Sorry, I'll go in. You did great. Thank you so much, Max. You shot your hand up so you get

Speaker  520805:20
this question. Can you hear me? Yes. Jen, stand up. So my question is, you know, it seems like you guys do a lot of optimizing, right? A lot of cost savings. And so optimizing on your listings relentless, but you're also scaling. You're also growing, right? And so how do you, how do you balance that, you know, you mentioned, with the scale insights, with the team, hey, save me 1% 1% a month. But then does the Amazon team? How do they know? Hey, how often they need to go in and split tests, you know, versus just focus on, on launching? Do you do incentivize them on the, on the, on the optimization side also? Or, how do you navigate that?

Speaker  531360:00
I think optimization, we are already kind of very ingrained into our company's culture that we always look for optimization. But how to balance between growth and optimization. We we set aside a budget for for testing. So we tell the team, now this is a monthly budget that you can use to test on PPC strategies, on a new stuff that you want to test whether this is better or this is better, like a video. We do a lot of sponsored videos, whether this video is or video B is better. You can use this budget to test so these are like things that we segregate out then they are comfortable doing it by the same time the main core, it's always on optimization mode. You always, there's always better, lower CPC they can, you can gun for. There's always better a cause that you can, you can shoot for.

Speaker  543306:39
Yeah. Thank you very much. Ivan, again, here's your shirt. You got two shirts. You got two new shirts. It's in a while you.
