MDS Retail Channel Call
Date: September 15, 2025

Speaker  560:00
Guys, if you want, we can start. Do you guys have any burning issue? Or I can share with you guys what happened to me last week at this big trade show in Paris with some cool findings with loyalty programs on retail Sure, so I was, I was exhibiting at this Paris trade show for Home and Kitchen goods. So meeting buy and prospects for for the retail markets, distributors, and one cool new finding that I just scratched the surface about is the is the loyalty programs for, like, big, big grocery stores. Usually, I don't know, in the US if the other guys are doing stuff like this, but if you shop regularly, then you collect points, and then after a while, with those points and a few extra dollars yet to buy cool products are usually not sold in that chain. So I got, like, some big, big retailers coming to me say, hey, we want to do that with your brand, which at some point, well, when I had such requests before, I was a bit reluctant, because, you know, it's, it's a, it's a mass channel that is less premium than than the retailers that I'm targeting with the brand, etc. But then, when I saw the volumes, like my biggest competitor did, is actually doing an operation right now, in a chain, it's just one country, France, 1000 stores for three months, and those guys are, are planning to sell 5.4 billion units, just like this. So when I saw the number, I changed my mind automatically. Let's say So those guys are, are asking for a lot of margins. Basically, they buy FOB, but then they do everything. Do the logistics, they do the marketing, they do the POS and I consider that it's just extra visibility for me. As long as I make decent margin FOB, I'm happy to so they're gonna and so you can go direct with the retailers. But there are also also a few companies that main business is to actually do that, so source product from cool brands and then offer them to big retailers. Of course, it's not free, but they know their game, and they know how to deal with the also with those big retailers in terms of payment, terms, in terms of returns, because that's also what, what can hit us a lot is what's the return policy? Do they keep everything, or do they ship everything to you? Or do they only ship the untouched master cartons, for example? But for a small or medium sized business, that can be of a big impact, same with the permanent terms. So I decided to go with them for now and see, see how it goes. Just wanted to share that, because it's, it's new to me, at least, and that that sounds super, super promising. It's timing wise, it takes one year to 18 months to plan. So that's really not a quick win, but that's a long term big, big play. Any experience on that? So guys, yeah, we've

Speaker  55541:20
got a program, I don't know if it's with like Uline, or one of the office D, you know, one of the office supply stores, similar thing, where they buy, if this is what you're talking, where they buy, you know, enough units they build credit, and then they can get, you know, the best examples, the Yeti or the koozies or whatnot, or you get a backpack, and, you know, you spend enough, and you get the free, you know, jacket, you get all excited. So I just think of 30,000 feet. We think of those things differently. And I know none of us are really into branding per se, like Times Square just reached out and said, We have remnant spots. You could be on the Times Square, you know, you know, TV ad. And we're like, no, that's not for us. We want D to C. We want conversion, you know, Omni channel. But I we do think of some of those. And, you know, I don't look at the P and L, back to your example of the the loyalty programs. I look at it as you know, it's it's making us legitimate, legitimate. I think I've told you guys, we've given $50,000 to Susan G Komen for breast cancer and made a pink version of our hat spread out over X number of years. But in the loyalty example, you know, even if the margin is light, like we're going to be on the view coming up this weekend, and, you know, it's 50% off. I mean, they order multiple things, but with each one of those, I kind of treat it like, I don't say break even, because it's better than that. But if you're shooting for a specific margin, I don't always shoot for that. And just, you know, being in there is legitimize, you know, if you ever want to exit, they see you. Different people see it, different different partners, different retailers might see you and say, Oh, those are the, those are the real companies. I want to work with them. So I know it's all about making money, but sometimes it there's a bigger picture to the story and and, you know, so I think about a little different just as an FYI,

Speaker  87109:20
yeah, I actually, I actually just add on that. I feel, I feel that way about retail in general, you know, just having a good point, you know, like, we obviously focus on making money and margin super important. And honestly, retail is our strongest margin channel, but a lot of it is, like, brand legitimacy, right? Like, it's like you're on the shelf, like you're going to see a halo effect on Amazon. You're going to it's going to be a discovery tool for future Amazon sales, or DTC sales, or what have you. So, yeah, I think that's great, Etienne. And I also think that your product set plays very well for like, a loyalty sort of bonus item, like mine doesn't, doesn't really, ours, don't really just in terms of, you know, being, being cleaning and maintenance products, not, not like a sexy let me redeem my points for a septic tank treatment product is not really what people want to spend their points on. But I do think that's a good avenue, if it's profitable, great, but also just gets your product in the hands of people that you wouldn't otherwise maybe necessarily bump into,

Speaker  102005:19
yeah, and it's also a great level lever for me to negotiate the price down with factories, because it's like this, this one operation only is 350k units and and like I said, the bigger operations are like 1 million, 2 million or more, so that that can really push the price down and be more profitable for the rest of the business as well. Also, what I found out, though, is that to protect Amazon, to protect all the channels, the best practice is to have different SKUs and different variants in my in my case, colors. So that an independent retailer cannot complain. Say, why is your black product almost for free at this big, big box retailer, whereas you MSRP is like $30 that you recommend? No, no, it's not the same. It's a bit downgraded version, and it's not the same color. And in my case, I plan to have either a sub brand. So my brand is umami, and I plan to have umami essentials just for that, that kind of channel. So if, if a big client of mine comes to me say, Hey, what is this umami thing? No, it's not umami. It's umami essential, and it's dedicated, and it's a lower version, less accessories, less everything. So please don't complain, because it's not the same offer. Yeah,

Speaker  126378:40
yeah. What else could I could I share about that? Trade shows are exhausting like always, but it was the, the seventh trade show for me, and probably the most exhausting, because traffic was not great, even though I was my booth was on the front row, the best, best positioning of the of the whole with my French distributor. But some sometimes for an hour you had no one visiting, and that's what's the most tiring for me, actually sitting there and doing nothing, even though trying to multitask and do a few emails, that is super tiring to me. I prefer to be busy all day and then crash at night, but waiting for someone to come and be interested. That's yeah,

Speaker  137477:19
Etienne, which, which trade show is this that you're at,

Speaker  138341:19
that is Maison and object, house and objects in Paris,

Speaker  139562:40
okay,

Speaker  139866:40
that's the second biggest for me, after Germany. Chicago. One could be a good one for me as well, but it's not as big as Frankfurt in Germany.

Speaker  143722:39
What are you guys working on right now, retail wise,

Speaker  145008:00
I'm happy to jump in lots of things. I mean, we're developing some new products at the request of some of our existing retail partners. So Home Depot and Walmart have basically signaled interest in us bringing to market, you know, essentially products that compete with some of their existing vendors for a variety of reasons.

Speaker  150645:19
So in advance, Alex, like, what's the mod?

Speaker  151573:20
Sorry, how

Speaker  151877:19
far in advance? Like, what's the mod? How far

Speaker  152357:20
in advance? It really depends. I mean, Walmart works usually on, like, an annual basis. So they might do like, an item swap or line review every year. So at this point, working on products for like a June potential in store date, which is just the annual calendar for this particular merchant. Merchant, they run on a June reset calendar for Home Depot, it's a little, it seems a little bit more rolling. They have more flexibility, and are less sort of like line review driven and week reset driven. So for that one, I mean both are basically expecting us to submit samples and or at least decks of you know what the product is, what it looks like, key attributes, pricing, etc, by like, sometime in the October, November timeframe. My guess is that decisions get made in, like, January, February, and then in store, you know, sometime in probably q2 or q3 depending on the retailer. So, you know, it's a decent, decent, long window. But you know, these things just all take time to get done as obviously. So we're really, you know, we've turned our existing customers in the retail front into, like, you know, we basically said, Hey, what? What do you need from us, right? What are the gaps in your assortment? What are the where are the challenges you're having with existing vendors or existing SKUs? Or where are you seeing momentum that you want to add more product to that, you know, particular shelf or that space? And so we've sort of flipped the script, right? We've sold them our existing products they're happy with, and then we're going to them saying, hey, what can we what can we develop and build and watch for you? So we're spending a lot of effort on that, on that now that's kind of like, what's keeping us busy.

Speaker  178576:00
And they're not existing products that you have on Amazon, not

Speaker  179504:00
existing products, correct?

Speaker  179888:00
And will you carry those on Amazon? And to answer, where you carry that in a different size or shape, or,

Speaker  181557:20
yeah, it sort of depends. I mean, it depends how far along in the development process we get. I think what we'll typically do is we will launch a different size variation on Amazon, if we are, if we're doing the work to develop the formula, and we

Speaker  185429:20
already

Speaker  185829:20
developed the pack. You know, like selling, selling on Amazon is like, it is an easy, easy, easy thing to do, right? And I only think it helps if you get the Amazon sales going and you get some ratings and reviews. Obviously, it could hurt you if the ratings and reviews are not favorable, and they were thinking about your product, and now they see that it's only 3.8 stars, and they're like, Yeah, not really, right, which, for some of our products can can be a challenge. So you know, first we're bringing to retail, but whether or not they take it, probably launch it on Amazon as well, because we've done, you know, most of the legwork at that point. Anyway, we

Speaker  194000:00
actually struggle a little bit with the concept in that, you know, is it a bad thing if it's a 3.8 or 3.9 The answer is yes, obviously. But how about a markdown or swap? I mean, I have these headache sticks that we got in it's like, Oh, great. We got this, you know, three products into Walmart, and then all of a sudden, one's not selling well, and it could be an item swap. And they're like, We need 75,000 units, and we need all these units. And then all of a sudden, if it's not tested and at the right price point, you have either an, you know, a markdown or, you know, a fine or a chargeback or swap. And so I mean any product that we launch, whether Amazon or own site or in retail, if it's not good, you know, if you build it, doesn't mean they're going to come so it's almost vetting it before. And if you have 3.8 and then Walmart says, I need a big quantity, and you're like, okay, and then it doesn't sell there either, because it's a different customer, frankly. So we struggle with that because we're launching, you know, a new product. We created a product that isn't sized, and it's more of a wrap, and now that we have this any sleeve in retail, we're like, what? Of course, we should sell it on Amazon. So we're changing the color and doing some things. But to your point, if it has bad ratings on Amazon, it's probably not bad ratings on Walmart too,

Speaker  215445:20
right? Yeah, yeah. I mean, so some of our products are really tough because, like, we're working on a, like, a drain opener, like, almost like a sort of, like a liquid plumber Drano type product, and it's the our angle is that it's septic safe. I don't know if not, not not to bore you guys with like Plumbing, but if you're on septic, you can't use Adreno or liquid plumber, because it just kills this like any like the septic tank. The challenge with it is, when you're not using caustic, hazardous ingredients, the efficacy comes down naturally, because you can't just burn the shit out of any hair or soap scum or whatever's left in the pipe. So you know, people buy the products expecting it to free flow their drains instantly, and when that doesn't happen, you end up with negative reviews. So like, launching a product that is more eco friendly, safer, but doesn't have the efficacy is a real challenge, because you know, you end up getting bad reviews even though, like, there's only so much you can do without the caustic hazardous material.

Speaker  230965:20
I have a dog, English cream, golden, and my wife wants to spray the yard and spray this, but it's got to be, like, it doesn't work as well. Like, we get mosquitoes, we get the lizards, we get all this stuff, because it's, you know, it's safe for my dog, so it's safe for everybody else, I assume very similar. Have you worked out I one of the companies that my company, I sold an inc 500 company called restock. It was like more of a B to B. We sold 200,000 different office supply, janitorial supply, products. But have you considered selling your products into like Webster on store, the restockets of the world that focus more on businesses than consumers.

Speaker  241632:00
We haven't historically, but we just launched a product fairly recently, like three, four months ago, that's been doing really, really well, and we're noticing a lot of large orders from like B to B customers, you know, HVAC technicians, folks like that. And so that's like the first product that we're seeing, like a true B to B demand for which we need to think about differently than our typical consumer products, like most, you know, septic tank treatments, things like that, are more like homeowners that need to treat their products hotels.

Speaker  249205:20
I mean, large volume rooms. I mean, yeah, if there are,

Speaker  250005:20
like, condo complexes, townhome complexes that are on septic, that have, like, a joint shared system, there could be something there, but we haven't really. I mean, I'd be be happy to hear and maybe connect with you offline to hear more about that channel and what you recommend, because there's definitely an avenue for it. Especially launches. Yeah, cool.

Speaker  256154:40
Hello, John, welcome in the group. Isn't here? Is it the first time you're attending those retail calls, or you've been here before?

Speaker  257984:00
No, it's right. It's been on my calendars. The first one I've made I my calendar was on East Coast time for some reason. Every time I logged in, I'm in Central time, but every time my East Coast calendar, I can't miss it, right?

Speaker  261557:20
But could you please take a note of that and try to find a fix? Because it's not the first time I hear that.

Speaker  263189:20
Yeah, I think in this case, it was operator error. I think that was me. But, you know, perhaps not. But no, we, we. We sell to the Walmarts and the targets of the world, but digitally only, both as a marketplace seller and as a, as a as a vendor, but we were working with a sales rep. We put on a national sales rep to get into brick and mortar this this past year, and knocked on a bunch of doors, put together some proposed planograms for target and others. And we're just, so far not having any success cracking that nut in a big way. So the only, the only brick and mortar business we do is through Fair, which is not exactly big box, but but pretty, pretty good volume. I mean, we're in hundreds, many hundreds of stores through them. But no, I'm just, you know, I in my, in my, in my former life, we were a prior businesses. We our entire business was bricks and mortar. We made items for Target, Walmart. Toys R Us, Big Lots. I didn't know if they're still around. Toys R Us, obviously isn't. And then, and then, prior to that, I was in a business before there was the internet and everything was, you know, it was a candy business, family business. So we have got a lot of experience from old school business in brick and bricks and mortar. But right now, with this business I've been in about 10 or 15 years. We're having a tough time, as I said, cracking that nuts. So John, what's the category? It's kids primarily gear things like with a big back to school. Business, we make everything from backpacks to water bottles to play mats to a whole range of stuff. One thing we did last year with hopes of cracking the the, you know, the code was, was we started getting back into the licensing world with something we had done previously. We're a Major League Baseball licensee, and we're Realtree and Mossy Oak, which are camel brands. And, you know, we've had some some folks in the, you know, we, you know, we, you know, we got to basically a quasi closeout order at TJ X or some MLB stuff. It was a, it was a shit order. It allowed us to recover some royalties. That's about it. The volume was good, and they pay on time, but not exactly going to retire off of a business like that. And then the Mossy Oak and Realtree stuff has been challenging, because we've entered into categories that already pretty well saturated. Pretty well saturated by much bigger companies with much broader range of stuff. So, you know, we're still trying to, still trying to figure it out. We had Walmart come to us without with a licensing idea, which we just couldn't wrap our brain around. The guarantees they wanted were ridiculous, to do a Shaq kids, as in Shaquille O'Neal's Shaquille O'Neal kids line, we had a Walmart buyer saying that, you know, first we're going to test it online, and if it's as amazing as we think it's going to be, it's going to be in all stores. But that's sort of a standard pitch on their part, you know, yeah, they want to get some suckers like us to pony up the big bucks to guarantee some royalties and commit to all kinds of inventory and then end up with a whole bunch of nothing. So, you know, it's been a frustrating that part of our business has been, that lack of Business has been frustrating for us. So that's the that's where I am. But, you know, glad that you all, at the end, this is your group, or you, you, you were the mastermind here, yeah, and I'm glad you're doing this, and there should be in this community. I think MDS is, what, up to eight or 900 people now. I mean, they've got to be 50 people selling to the big, big stores, or wanting to, anyway, a bit surprised, just no group on the call. But it's a, it's a, it's a good cause and good community. So hopefully, yeah, everyone here on the call is doing a heck of a lot better than we're doing in this department, in this area.

Speaker  328405:20
Yeah, it's, it's, um, it is tough, John to crack, you know, I think it's just product differentiation, product mix, you know, uniqueness, price point. I think the challenge these days, especially is the easy answer from any merchant is, oh yeah, put it on our.com marketplace and we'll see how it goes and, you know, reevaluate. And that's, that's kind of a kiss of death for us. We try to avoid that at all costs, because it just it never and never, it rarely, ever, if ever, pans out. Because, you know, most of these marketplaces, Walmart, frankly, included, like their.com marketplace business just doesn't compare to their store business. So if they use your velocity on.com as any proxy for what they expect to see in store, you're going to be a total total, you know, dead on arrival. So anytime we get the answer from we've got we've got it from Target. We've gotten from some Walmart merchants that says, hey, why don't you go online first? And We'll reevaluate in six or eight months. We're basically like, hey, you know, to be honest, the products not going to succeed on online just because of the demand, just because of your 1p products that you sell on there. You know, for so many reasons, that's not going to good. Be a good proxy.

Speaker  345957:20
Then it can be with Amazon. They just, they just can't. They do.

Speaker  346906:40
Yeah. They just, they just, they just can, especially when you, when you're selling something that competes with a 1p Walmart item that somebody can get delivered from store in the next three hours, and you're telling them you can ship it in three to five business days, like that, that also is not going to convert well, so we try to avoid that. We just feel like whenever they say that, it's just a polite No, thanks. I'm not interested. But instead of saying that, now they just say, Oh, go on.com I'd love to see how it performs. Because they do get credit for any.com sales and any dollars you spend to market their.com items. Like, they get revenue revenue credit for that. So for them, it's like, you know, they're giving you some glimmer of hope by saying, Oh, get it set up on marketplace. They're getting revenue credit, they're getting advertising credit, and they have no commitment to buy the product from you, which will likely not do very well in marketplace anyway. So we try to avoid that. We had target come to us recently after a line review, and they said, Yeah, like, I don't think we're, you know, interested in store, you know, but we'd love to test online and see how it does and then reevaluate in six months. And I basically said no. I said no, I'm not, not interested in that. And frankly, our sort of poker approach here worked out well, because then they came back, and now we're vendor set up, and we're just waiting on final decisions for an in store placement. So if we had said yes to.com they would have passed us over and moved on, but we said no, and so we forced them to reconsider, and I think they'll bring us in store, probably for June,

Speaker  369408:00
June. Anybody on Costco online

Speaker  370464:00
with an old brand we used to, I used to run, we went on Costco online. It was, it was a bust, to be honest. So we're not, I haven't looked at that. Are you doing it?

Speaker  373184:00
Yeah, we're doing it, and it's just the sell 1000s of caps a day on Amazon, and I can sell teens on Costco. And I'm trying to do a $10,000 email and a $10,000 banner, influencers won't return calls. And it's just, I want to do pallet drops nationwide, and I'm trying to get them to test a couple of stores with a pallet drop. So it's exactly what you said. You know, they test you in ecom, but the adoption awareness is not the same. So we're trying to they

Speaker  381610:40
put the expensive burden on you to run a flyer or run an email thing, and now you're spending, like you said, 10,000 10s of 1000s of dollars to drive, you know, 10s of units on a weekly basis or whatever.

Speaker  384656:00
No, we haven't. I mean, I'm doing pay per click, hundreds of dollars a day. And it's, it's, I mean, listen, I'm 2995 on Amazon, and I'm 3995 for two on Costco, if not 3199 on promo like, buy one, get one a second for $2 I have to be careful of Prime Day coming up, and Black Friday, Cyber Mondays and things. But, I mean, it's a different skew, but it's tough in a sense that it's, you know, literally, buy one, get one, but people don't know about it. They don't go to Costco looking for septic or headache, you know. And I want them to put it next to the, you know, etc. Now, I'm on 2000 target shelves next to Excedrin, but in Costco, they want to put it next to cold packs. But if it's for your headache and migraine, it's not a cold pack. It's a it's a migraine headache relief product that happens to be a cold pack. But regardless, it's, it's fighting. To fight some of these big corporates, you have to play their game a little bit, and, and or not. To Alex's point, you know, fight the fights you want to fight the fights you can win. Yeah, I

Speaker  402815:59
think it's even worse than that when, when the.com when they say, put it on.com because then you're stuck with an EDI can set up. And the expenses and time around that we had, we had, Sam's look at some toddler betting or we have in our catalog. Maybe it's all it's all branded, it's all copyrighted artwork. It's all our own stuff, and whatever we got, maybe call it 1500 items in our in our catalog, Sam said, Yeah, we like this one, this one variation of, let's say four or five, this toddler betting set. They said, they said, We want to set you up and just exactly what you said, Alex, that does amazing, you know, we'll continue for in club, whatever. Coming back to him and said, How many units you anticipate selling? He says, oh, about 25 a week. 25 a week. I mean, oh, and by the way, we already went in with a sharp discounted, you know, beaten down price. He says, We need lower prices. You know, that very same week tariffs popped, it was a Pakistani product from 10 to 19% it's like, you know, you're kidding me. We're gonna, we're gonna go, we're gonna jump to 4000 hoops here. We're gonna spend all this money on the CDI connection to be on your.com You're, you're even, even your lofty projection is nothing. And how in the world is that going to translate into, you know, all clubs, multi pallets per club, on an ongoing basis? The answer is, it wouldn't. So yeah, we as well, have had to walk away from a few You're right. I agree. Where they get when they say, go, go, go.com, to start, that is, at least in our experience, that's a non starter. That's a no chance of that working out. Yeah, great, yeah.

Speaker  429061:20
But overall, we're having success. We're in we're in Walmart, we're at Home Depot, we're in a whole bunch of grocery locations. We're going through set up with target. We've got a handful of calls set up with different merchants at Walmart just to try to expand our assortment in these existing places. So, I mean retail in general, I think, has been been the most margin accretive channel for us. And once you go through the setup bullshit, and you know the the supply chain organization, I mean, just shipping pallets is so much easier than dealing with the Amazon bullshit and the suspensions. And, you know, every day you wake up to a new Amazon issue, or you're letting your product suspended, or they're looking for some kind of documentation, or, you know, there's some issue of some sort. So overall on retail, you know, as long as you have the right product to the right margin to do it. I don't know

Speaker  443450:40
if it's incestuous or not, but at some point, a W D says they're going to start shipping to omnichannel to target Walmart for us, so we can ship containers directly to a W D for Amazon and then ship it out. But do we trust them? You know, it's a different story. But I said mine, I had a candy business where I made pre made, pre burnt s'mores, and got into Manoa, you know, all 2400 Walmarts, 2000 Krogers. And I think I'm shutting that business down just because I'm too busy with fair ice. And then the new brand I'm starting. I was kind of a hobby. I was making in my house, but I got it into Walmart and Kroger, and I use dot foods, and I'm using that for theorize too. Like, I don't know if you guys use distribution for Walmart or ship it yourself. Target picks up from my warehouse directly, but I use dot foods if anyone needs contact, it's just seamless and SPS. DDi, so, I mean, people talk about how hard retail is. I mean, obviously the broker does a lot of work for four or 5% but, I mean, I ship containers directly to Dot. Dot ships out on a weekly basis. You know, DDi, you know, they tell me what orders. And it's, it's seamless and very high margin. So not very high margin, but strong margin, because, you know, it's, it's just easy. People complain about it, but it's, it's really easy, especially if you use a distribution center where I don't touch the goods at all.

Speaker  464960:00
What is dot foods?

Speaker  465504:00
Dot foods is just a distributor where I send containers to and they send weekly orders to Walmart for us, are you? And there's others, like an, RJ, I don't know. RJ, W, yeah, there's, there's, there's a few of them I don't like hey, he um, but ultimately it's just easy.

Speaker  471685:20
Yeah, we are, we ship, we ship, collect. So we can't use one of those distributors. We could use a we use a three PL, but we can't use one of those, like consolidator distributors, who are just sort of throwing your stuff on a truck to Amazon. But because we, you know, Walmart, Walmart picks up everything in our warehouse which is which is good. There's pros and cons to either to either, but

Speaker  477210:40
one other, one other company I'd have you all look into is C, 2f, O. It's an early pay program for retail. Um, everyone complains about 90 day terms, or these ridiculous terms with Walmart. I mean, we set up you might get paid like, 17 days earlier, and you kind of create an offer. I mean, I think I've offers at a half a percent for two weeks early. And it's just the margins there for me, but it's just a great program. They work with Walmart. They work with Kroger, in my case, and it's definitely something to look into to kind of speed up the payment, even if it's a week or so, I think it gets put into a different bucket than everybody else. So even if it's a third of a 1% they have to, you know, pull it out and deliver it earlier. Yeah, I

Speaker  490629:20
use it. I use it for Amazon vendor, actually, because I still have good terms, like 30 days net. But I wanted the money the time after I was I delivered so c2 fo is actually plugged with Amazon vendor as well.

Speaker  495050:40
My experience, yeah, not as good as the four times points on the gold MX, but you don't get the timing on that one. But yes, well,

Speaker  497520:00
it's to get paid by Amazon vendor, not to not to pay advertising. But what I understood from that is that all the big companies that have positive, positive cash flow. They don't need any any cash, because they their business model is so it's so great that they get paid before they pay everyone else. So they they sitting on a ton of cash, and those treasury manager, the main job is to actually make that money work better than just putting it at the bank. So they play on C twofo as a supplier of money, and are happy to to get your your bid, as long as it's it's a bit better than what I

Speaker  508810:39
don't do it. My partner does, but we sweep our money every night and earn four to 5% Nice. So something to look into separately, if you have the cash flow, and obviously we're talking about it. But you know, CTV, you know, reverse engineer with your vendors. I think we pay 10% with a po, 30% when they ship, you know, 30% when it lands, and then the remaining 30% so, you know, work with your manufacturers to set it up also, because they want to, they want to charge you when they ship it. And you're like, Dude, it's not going to be in stores for 90 more days. It's going to be on the ocean for 5045, 50. Then it's not going to get into storage for another two months. So if you can negotiate with your vendors to not just, you know, pay the full balance when they ship, but pay it, you know, split it up into multiple shipments, even after it lands in the US and things like that. So you can push them a little too. It's always been helpful.

Speaker  526426:40
David, I sent you a chat in the zoom. If you could share your number, I'd love to connect on the B to B stuff at some point. Sure i

Speaker  528912:00
All right, any other good stuff you want to share, or stuff that you're struggling with right now on retail, we don't

Speaker  533696:00
need to spend the full hour. There's no urgent topic right now. It's a small call because I guess some of us are trying to, are traveling,

Speaker  535845:20
to accelerate, to accelerate ass, yeah.

Speaker  537397:20
Well, thanks for doing this.

Speaker  538197:20
Pleasure. Pleasure.

Speaker  539301:20
Anybody? Anybody here who was in Milan, I

Speaker  540122:40
was, how was it? Oh, the hotel was great. Can we stop the recording? No, no, hotel is great. Organization was really good. Then, content wise, I think it could have been longer and more more more deep dive. There were a lot of content on Tiktok shop as as always nowadays. But I think, well, I come to these events not just to network, but also to like be better at my business and learn new stuff. And on this I was slightly disappointed, but I guess the networking part and the fun was always great.

Speaker  551653:20
Yeah, I think MDS tends to get hot on some of these up and coming topics, and then they swing all the pendulum of content toward it, like, like, Tiktok shop has been the focus for the last three or four events. It feels like, you know, I feel

Speaker  555402:39
like that's not even new anymore. I mean, it's still taking forever to launch it, but that's, that's for, like, that's six months ago.

Speaker  557498:40
Yeah, anybody going to New York for the innovative show? I'm gonna, I'm

Speaker  559354:40
gonna go to that. I've never been before, but I'm in Boston, so New York is easy to get to, so I'm going to head down to that and check it out. We're also my MDS squad is doing like a meetup in person, like the day after. So it kind of two birds with stone kind of

Speaker  563312:00
thing. That's cool, cool.

Speaker  564304:00
I'll be there. I'll see you there. Okay, cool. Good.

Speaker  565749:20
All right. Well, if there's no other topic we want to jump into, let's wrap up this call and thanks everybody. Good luck with

Speaker  568005:20
what you're working on. Thanks

Speaker  568405:20
guys. Thank you. Guys. Take care. Bye.
