24. FC Chats_ Target Senior Buyer Conversation
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
So we're recording. Thank you guys for joining. We probably will have anywhere from 30 to 50 people in this room. I wanted to get my friend Kyle on this call. Kyle and I are releasing a backyard game together at some point next year, which I'm really we're not related. We're not related either. Kyle's brother went to college with me, and we didn't really know each other in college, but we've been LinkedIn friends for a long time. They randomly came to me with a cool ass game that I'm excited for the world to see next year. It's fucking awesome. And stayed in touch ever since and through My trials and tribulations at retail. I know talking to people like Kyle is very nerve wracking. I could remember going to buyer meetings and just not being able to sleep for the night before, not knowing how to pitch to somebody like yourself, not knowing what to say, not what like, what to say, what not to say, what not to present. And there's times where you just feel like you're walking on eggshells and you just start honestly fucking scared. So I wanted to get Kyle in the room, because all of us are either looking to get into retail, are in retail. Target would obviously be a dream for a lot of these people on this call, especially myself, still trying, six years later, Thanks, Kyle. And yeah. So I want to take this time, Kyle, if you want to introduce yourself and a little bit about your background, go

Speaker  22149:19
from there. Yeah, absolutely great to meet everybody here. It's a lot of fun. My name is Kyle. I I've been at Target for just over 15 years now. So I, I started in the merchandising world, like on the inventory side of things, learning like the day to day, like, what are we buying? What stores to send it to? Stuff like that. But I've been a buyer for the last 10 years, so I have bought in categories. I was the shaving and grooming buyer that launched Harry's at Target. And then I went over to pets for a few years, where I launched a whole bunch of different brands, including Blue Buffalo, which is pretty gigantic. Then I went over to paper towels and toilet paper, which was not my favorite job, but it was a promotion, so sure, it was during covid. So it was kind of fun, because everything was just falling apart. And then now I'm in the hair care. I lead the hair care department at Target, so I'm responsible for all the shampoo, conditioner, hair accessories, hair appliances, whole bunch of different stuff. So I bounced around quite a bit, which is a lot of fun. But I definitely have a passion for buying. I really enjoy, like, understanding what the consumer actually wants. Like, it's kind of fun for me to be the person at the end of the day that gets to decide, like, okay, but is this really what people want? Because at the end, I mean, if we I can pick what I think is the coolest, but doesn't always matter. And one of the things we'll talk about today, probably a little bit, is sometimes the buyers are wrong too. I feel like, if I get, like, two out of three, like, that's a pretty good success rate, but I've been proven wrong before, and I don't take it personally. Sometimes you're like, Yep, sorry I messed up too. We are all trying, but Yeah, happy to talk to everybody today and share what I can and try to make this not as not as painful as Chris made it sound. I don't know. I'm a regular guy, so I don't want to put people through this type of stress, but I get it right. It's your livelihood. Dope.

Speaker  53504:00
Well, there's a lot of people on here. I'm going to ask people to, like, go one at a time. I'm going to selfishly get, like, my first few questions, just to frame this conversation off. But, like, one, how did you like, become a buyer? Like, what is that? What goes into that? Like, what kind of schooling and all that shit? Like, obviously, you didn't grow up wanting

Speaker  58261:20
to be a buyer? Did you? No, no, I grew up wanting to go to play in the NBA, and reality sets in. I, let's see, I so I went to school at Notre Dame, and I studied sociology because I wanted to, and then I studied marketing because it seemed practical. And then when I left school, I came out to target, really, just kind of on a whim. I'm not it's headquartered in Minnesota. I'm not from Minnesota. I'm from New York. I assume that I would always just get back to New York and live and work there. But at the time, I was like, I'll just try something different. So I took what was called a business analyst position. It was about as vague as you could get, but I was like, Yep, I'm going to end up in the business world. Seems like a good start. But what I found is that it was actually like a great blend of, like the marketing stuff that I'm learning and the sociology stuff that I was passionate about. I was like, Man, I actually want to do something that gets products and brands in the hands of people that they actually want. So a lot of my work is like consumer insights. We call them guests, but like, guest insights, understanding who's coming into our stores and who's shopping online. So I think you can get, like, the business side of it, but like, if you get the business side of it, that's only like a portion of what's going on. Like, you can look at all the data in the world, but it's like, we're always trying to figure out what's coming next. And I like, like the people side. Of all that. And then, honestly, once I got into buying, like, my personal I like making the decisions. I like grabbing groups together and say, like, Hey, I got an idea. Let's go do this. There's not many better places to go run with an idea

Speaker  83712:00
than crazy power.

Speaker  84752:00
Yeah, it is. And, I mean, we have a ton of resources too, so I think that's one of the things that's kept me at target is, I mean, if you think about it, when I launched Harry's, we had never, there had probably maybe never been a D to C brand that was going to brick and mortar at the time. And I was a first time buyer, like, Hey, I have this idea they were super small at the time. But I was like, these were really cool people. And I was like, I think we should just say what we're we're always like, oh, we should partner with somebody. I'm like, let's, like, actually do it. Let's like, tell them what the deal is and tell them what we actually need, instead of trying to just, like, make a buck here. And then we launched it in like, a super big way. And once I did that, I was kind of hooked. I was like, Oh, this is great. Like, they went from a very small startup to like, now, just gigantic. And obviously they're not all that successful, but it's kind of the thrill of the hunt there to be, like, all right, at night, I'm just like, on social media, Googling things. I'm on Etsy. Like, right now, today I was on Etsy. I'm like, I'm going to find the coolest next hair accessory. I don't really know how I ended up in hair accessory or anything like that, but there's still something to it where I'm like, There's stuff out there that are people, that people are making, that I can bring to people on like, a mass scale, instead of just

Speaker  105605:20
interesting bro. So like, I, from my perspective, it's like, you're just fucking getting a million responses every day, of people trying to pitch you and your thoughts, and you're on, you're in bed, scrolling Reddit, trying to find stuff. Like, what's the way that you like to get pitched? Or, like, how do you think about the

Speaker  109834:40
whole concept? I mean, I don't necessarily care how it comes I'd say, I I see a lot of the same stuff over and over again, right? Like, every rep group in the world is being like, hey, here's another deck of, like, a new shampoo and can? I'm like, I have enough shampoo and condition. Like, it's all kind of the same at the end of the day. We always panic. We're like, what if we're not in stock on something? I'm like, I carry like, 1200 shampoo and conditioner items. Like, if one's out of stock, you're just going to buy the next one. Now, in your case, totally different, right? If you have, if you're out across that, that's it. You're leaving, you're buying something else. But I, I'm always trying to find a white space. I have enough of what I need, and I'm like, What is the next thing that we need to be doing? And nobody cares about the business, like I care about the business, right? So even the reps are just kind of taking the easy way out sometimes is they're like, Oh, well, I got this from somebody, and you should see it. And I'm like, Yep, looks like the last one I saw, but I'm the one out there. Like, I got to drive this business. I got to find a way to bring things to the consumers that are different. So I'm out there looking for it. But to your point earlier, like, I don't get pitches every day. I mean, we have, like, a time during the year where we do, like our annual, what we call line reviews, where, like, everybody will come in and pitch for like, a couple of weeks, but then after that, it's pretty intermittent. I maybe one or two things a week. Most of the time, people are asking when our line review times are too. And I will say, like, some a lot of it is just, like junk where you're like, you're not even close. So I will give you a respectful reply, but that'll take me, like, 30 seconds. Cool.

Speaker  138890:40
All right, I got a bunch more, but I'm going to just open up the floor to everybody showed up for today, so I may regret doing this, but whoever jumps in first, there we go. Tim shields, that's a good

Speaker  141882:40
Hey, Kyle, thanks for doing this. My quick question for you is, as a buyer, do you look at a company differently if they go through a broker versus doing it themselves when they're smaller brand. Great question. I would say it goes back to like, how competent do these people seem when I talk to them? So like, there are one sec I wrote a note here about this as I was prepping for this. I'm like, I I don't want my time to be wasted. And it's not because I'm some, like, pompous buyer, but it's just like, there's so many things to do in this job that I'm like, I can't be holding your hand. So like, if someone's like, hey, we know we can figure this out, I will totally trust that they can figure this out, particularly if we've got like, 30 or 60 minutes together, and I'm like, yep, they seem like they have a good head on their shoulders. They'll figure it out. There are definitely some though, where I'm like, You should really consider a broker, because they come in. I'm like, you might have, they might have a great idea, but I'm like, you're going to get to the first cell that you have to fill out in target systems. And. Be like, I don't know what this means. And it's like, I just don't have the time to be going through that with people. So I It doesn't matter to me which route people go. Really, it's more just about like, can you get the work done in a timely fashion some and, I mean, broker, it's a, we probably have a whole call on, just like, brokers, but like, there's, there's, there's good ones and bad ones, and there's good and bad ones for you too. Like, there's some that, like, I'm like, Oh, I have 10 hair care brands all through this one broker role. I'm like, that's like, too much stuff for them to actually help the brand on where they're just, like, filling out the forms and getting, like, the day to day done, but I'm like, they're not actually helping to grow the brand. So, like, I'm usually a little more partial to, like, smaller brokers that have some skin in the game.

Speaker  174986:40
Anthony, Hey, Kyle, I'm gonna jump in here. Thanks for hopping on, man. We're using a broker called APS, who's done a really good job. It's like 3000 a month to help us just talk to different retailers, and they know so much, since I'm not an expert in retail, but more e commerce. But for example, loom deodorant, they just blew up. And target, I think their numbers are just phenomenal. Yeah, we have a problem that's very, very similar to loom and Walmart's picking us up to go national with a new brand like right out the gates, which is like a loom competitor called Happy curves. But I'm kind of shitting my because this is like a full national launch for a new brand. Any advice for for us so we don't mess up? We, you know, we're getting the right people in place. We got the right team with ERPs and, you know, Edi connections and gearing up for the inventory, but you worked with all these, you know, new DTC brands, and I'm sure they've dropped the ball in a lot of different spots. So just trying to see if you have any advice there for somebody getting in, you know, in a spring launch for us. And then secondly, does it make sense? I know target does a lot of exclusivity with special SKUs, special fragrances and stuff like that. When does it make sense to go exclusive and a customized skew for a retailer? Yeah, great question. First, congrats. That's a big deal,

Speaker  196704:00
especially like out of the gates like that, like that's, that's pretty awesome. I would say, let's see. I mean, you're you kind of hit the nail on the head with the stuff that you're talking about already. Like, out of the gate is, like, all about reliability, like, I just need to see people stay in stock. My expectations are usually reasonable around the other things, the marketing of it all. And I'm like, we just got to make sure that we get a good read. Yep. Because especially a place like Walmart, honestly, they're going to be a little more cutthroat, from my experience, at least, about this of like, hey, if in the first eight weeks, we're just missing sales all over the place, like, that's that's a major red flag, I would say, a big thing I would focus with them on is, is like some sort of collaborative forecasting out of the gate, like they're gonna just have a better idea of how much you're gonna sell, probably than you might and what I don't know enough about your product. I don't know how successful it'll be or not, but I'm like, if it's, if it goes really well, you're you might run out of some now. Don't run out in the first few months or something. But I'm like, after that point, if you're just like, we're really blowing up here, I have a lot more sympathy for my vendors that are like, hey, remember we talked about this. We thought we would do 2000 units a week, and now we're doing, like, 8000 units a week. Like, I just don't have that many. My lease with them is quite a bit longer, where I'm like, yep, we both thought this was going to go differently than it did. But man, for those right out of the gate for people, I'm like, it is just, it is just the basics. It's like, just the blocking, tackling, yep, keep the shelves full, because you learn so much in that first few weeks. And buyers are looking at those first few weeks too, even compared to, like, all their other items, you'd like to think that buyers are all taking into account, like, Okay, well, how out of stock is something, but not I do, but not all of them do. And you're going to start getting compared to Old Spice within six weeks. Like, they'll you'll have a pretty good idea of like, is this going to work or not? And you don't want that to be the reason why it doesn't work. Yep, to your point, your question about exclusivity, this is kind of an interesting one. Target used to do all these exclusives, exclusive new items, everything covid kind of turned all of that on its head, because everybody got rid of like, all this exclusivity that they were doing, because from a production standpoint, it. Is way too challenging. And we were like, just make the OP items that you do and never fall out of stock. I would say this is this one too, is like, pretty buyer specific. So, like, I have, not eight years ago, I was asking for some exclusive stuff, and I have not been doing it since, but I anticipate that in the next couple of years that'll be something that I start to ask people for. Because I as I'm evaluating my own category right now, I'm like, wow, target really doesn't have a point of difference. It's a great assortment. But I'm like, you can get the same stuff pretty much at in my categories, at Walmart and Ulta or wherever, and if the buyer doesn't want it, that's a huge waste of time and money for you. So I get as clear as you could on that, my advice out of the gate would probably be like, I wouldn't worry about this right now. I would just stick to like, whatever your core and best are, because they end up being like the best anyway. Like, maybe you'll hit with something. You'd be like, Oh, it's holiday time, and we made like, a peppermint, or it's a menthol or something like that. And you're like, okay, but your top three, four SKUs are going to be the top regardless.

Speaker  260064:00
Yeah, and a quick horror story on that, bro, we did an exclusive with Sam's Club, $2 million order two weeks before we go to ship it, they cut the order in half by a million. So I have a million dollars worth of inventory with their name all over it. So I've been trying to sell it 18 months. We're finally done with it, but fucking sucks, we'll move on.

Speaker  264885:20
Dan, hey, thanks a lot. Everybody, Chris, for arranging this. Let me in Kyle, nice to meet you. So I'm working for pet hair removal solutions, brand uproot clean. So my ears kind of perked up when you said your former pet buyer there at Target. We are having some conversations. We're going to rep broker route to kind of get us into some of these big legacy retailers like yourselves and Walmart. So it was, was helpful to hear that earlier question about like, you know, your preference, versus, if a rep group brings it to you, versus, just like solo mission, obviously, we're leaning on them for all the expertise. You know, your five pound vendor manuals and stuff aren't the funnest things to like in a short period of time when you're under pressure and stuff. So, but my question here is, how important is skew depth for you, for like, a brand, if you have a brand coming with like, you know, maybe five to like, or under 10 SKUs, is that like a turn off because, like, of all the administrative stuff for setting up a new brand, just for a couples, like, does it depend on category and stuff? Just like, what's your take on that? Yeah, so couple things. First, I would say, especially coming out of covid, there has been a big focus, at least at Target on, like, skew reduction, because, quite frankly, we had too much stuff. We had too much stuff for like, our supply chain, and then we had too much stuff for our consumer anyway, they were coming to certain aisles, being like, there's just, like, a lot of choices. And then we can look at the data, right? And you're like, oh, I have 10 SKUs, but like, the top four are doing 85% of the sales. So that narrative has gotten around the organization, like, pretty quickly. And we're like, and we've been reducing skews over the last couple of years with like, a lot of success, I would say. So we're like, that feels like they're out to go. I would say there's a balance though, like, I am very unlikely to take in like, a one or two skew brand. It happens in beauty a lot, actually, too, because these things go very viral. So they're like, hey, but look what happened. Like, look how much I sold on Amazon in March 2022, or something. And you're like, Yeah, but like, then I read the reviews, and I'm like, the rest of your line is not really what people are looking for. But I'd say, like, I'm especially in the areas that you're talking about. Like, I'm probably not too interested in a lot of skew breath, your your case in particular is a little different, like that area is a little choppy in that there's not a lot of brands that we carry, like a broad assortment in it's more like, hey, this this tool or this item does do some work. So I don't know. I'd keep it pretty I'd keep it pretty tight for the administration. Administrative part is not a concern of mine at all. Like, honestly, I just have a team, like, I'm just passing that on to like, my team, like, I have a an hourly person who is executing these all the time and just like, hey, here's 10 more. Like, when, when we have a annual transition and set up items. I mean, I'm setting up hundreds of items anyway, and especially if the brokers are doing it like, they're usually pretty quick and good at these. So I'm just like, hey, if you're setting up two or you're setting up 20, that doesn't really matter. It's more about like, what do I want to actually put on the shelf, and how. Spaces it's going to

Speaker  320272:00
take. Makes sense. How do you feel about people mentioning Amazon? Is that a turn off or is that a good thing?

Speaker  322320:00
No, I think it's fine. I mean, I I mean, it's a great proof point, right? I mean, when I go out and they're like, hey, check out my item on Amazon, it's like, got 37,000 reviews and 4.6 stars. You're like, yeah, I guess I should consider, like, bringing this into stores. So I it's just a reality that I have to deal with. I mean, I would prefer if Target was like the big dog all the time, but I know, like, we're, I mean, we're a big retailer, obviously, but I'm like, if something's doing really well on Amazon or Walmart, I got to take a look. And that's at the end of the day, it's all about like the consumer. And I'm like, Yeah, looks like everybody wants that. We can get in on that game and bring it to stores for you.

Speaker  332714:40
Dope. Alright, cool. Let's try to rip questions with less intros. No Fault to yours, Dan, but juju, I want to get everybody's questions.

Speaker  335226:40
Hi Kyle, thanks for coming on from Juju. And I want to ask about, so I have a surf brand called tandem surf, and the conversations we've had with, like, major retail buyers, some, you know, specific things we got were, you know, them not wanting to be the first to, you know, go with the product. So I want to ask, like, in your experience, have you ever been the one to kind of be the one to be the first to buy a specific product, and what was your, you know, like, judgment process throughout that, and how did it turn out? And what you know, what worked well, what didn't work well?

Speaker  345605:20
Yeah. Okay, really, good question. My first thought was like, well, they're just being a wuss. But I'm also like, I've probably done that myself too.

Speaker  350042:40
I mean, I'd say, you want the buyers to believe in what they're doing, right? Like, it's sometimes it's almost worse, you get into a retailer and six months later, they're like, actually, no, never mind. And you're like, well, now I've bought all this inventory, and I made all these promises and all these other things so that that gets pretty rough. So I I, I like to have some personal conviction behind the items that I bring in and give them at least a longer leash there. I will say when, when you just don't really know what the consumer wants to do, you're,

Speaker  359317:20
you're in a tough spot. Like, I, I, you said it was a surf brand.

Speaker  361413:20
Yeah, it's a surf brand. We have different, like, you know, inflatable surf products,

Speaker  362810:40
yeah, so this is a very interesting situation, because, right? So I'm in the hair care I'm in the hair care space. I I do not surf, but I love, like surf brands. I wear tons of like surf clothes. So I get pitched a lot of like surf hair brands. And I'm like, Well, I want to do it like, I want to open my own skate and surf shop, but, like, this is target, you know, where I'm like, I don't really know if people want that. So I'm like, Yeah, that's I tried to sample. I liked it, but I just don't know if the consumer is going to want it. I I do think it's worth like, Hey, can you start smaller and get more proof points right? Because those can be very valuable. And then after that, you're kind of just on. You're like, you need somebody to trust and believe in you. I'll give you a quick example of one. Like, I met with these women who they're, like, college aged right now, and they made a hair care brand that they're like, Hey, we're going after, like, teenagers, basically. And they were like, after you're a kid, the next shampoo you get is, like, Garnier, and that's like, what my mom uses. So, like, there's nothing in between. And I, like, easily could have been like, this is never gonna work. But I was like, the product is good. But I was just like, I just don't know if people need this, but they had a great story, and they have, like, a lot. I was like, this is different. And like, I'm like, different is worth trying a lot of times. So like, they're gonna they're getting into Target, they'll be in on February, and that was, like, my probably one where I'm like, I don't know. I just don't know what's gonna happen. But kind of fun in this job, you get to find out at least. But yeah,

Speaker  394565:20
what happens if you bring in all these brands that else suck? Like, are you scared about? Scared about your job? Like, when you're making these decisions?

Speaker  396602:40
No. I mean, most of my, most of the businesses at Target, are dominated by these, like, gigantic players. So like, 70% of my businesses, Procter and Gamble. You. And lever L'Oreal. It's worse if Procter and Gamble runs a negative one comp, then if I swing and miss on five new brands, makes sense? No. Hey, thanks, Kyle. So outside of then of product itself, and then I would assume pricing, what are you really looking for in bringing on new brands? I know you kind of touched that with Jesus question, and you talked about reviews and things like that. But what, what types of things are you looking for? Is it more brand driven, story driven, really? What is it? Yeah, okay, this is the question I was kind of waiting for, because I feel like that's, this is the crux of all of

Speaker  411226:40
it, the I am looking for a story, especially from, I don't

Speaker  413258:40
need a story from Procter and Gamble necessarily, right? They're going to be like, Hey, we got this launch. We got a million dollars and spend behind it all these other things you. I guess I got to do this. But I, I'm usually looking for the story behind like, the the why is this like? And the women that I mentioned like that was a great example, where they were like, they're telling us their story of, like, the gap in the market. Here's what we've been doing. We've been just selling it out of our house. And here's the vision, and we tie it back to these campaigns and everything. I'm like, All right. I mean, I can kind of buy it. And I, personally, I do not think this is, this is indicative of all buyers, but I'm like, I really need to see, like, some confidence, a vision like Chris, going back to your point of like, like, you're petrified, right? I have, I have been turned off by some people who come across as, like, really timid or petrified, because I have seen great products that I'm like, I can't invest in that, because this person, like this is going to be like, pulling teeth, like you have a great idea. Just like, do it. Like I wanted to buy the brands from them and be like, just, let me do it. But we're going nowhere. So I think just some conviction goes a long way, of like, Hey, we're going to make it. We're on our way. Like we we want you to get on board. Obviously, this would be a big step. I don't want to work with people that are like, a hassle, either like, personality wise, or like time wise, or like, I'll even say like, financially. I mean, I'm, I'm more willing to, like, put a little bit of a deal with the the non big vendors of the world, because I'm like, I understand, like, cash flow and other things like that, where you're like, yeah, if I just make you do what I say, then this isn't going to work, right? I'm like, I'm like, oh, go out and market it. And they're like, Yeah, well, with what money you took all my money? And I'm like, Yeah, okay. Like, that's we can't. We gotta. You have to have some money so that we can market this. But it can be a turn. I mean, there's a very fine line between like, you gotta, you gotta reach out and you gotta put some pressure on people, because that's just how stuff gets done. But you, but you can't be that annoying, because otherwise you're like, I don't want to get into like, a long term relationship with this person. Like, I got a lot of other things to do. I think the people need to listen like, I feel like that happens a lot, where I'm, like, hearing thoughts and then they're just, like, just, they just keep telling me, like, the same thing over and over again. And I'm like, I'm trying to help you here. Like, I want this to be a success too, right? And now sometimes it's not what you want to hear, right? Chris has said many times, like, oh, talk to the buyers at Target. Like, what else am I supposed to do? And I'm like, I don't know. At the end of the day, they are the the final decision maker, and that can be tough, but I think I have when there's good like listening and dialog back and forth, like you're much more interested in keeping the conversation open, at least

Speaker  468880:00
that's good, bro, we'll leave it There. All right, Tyler, you've been patient, bro, you're ready to go.

Speaker  470549:20
Kyle, out of all the products you've brought on, what percent are ones where people found you versus ones where you found them? Just trying to, like, figure out where is best to spend our time. We've like all the ones we've gotten have been people found us, and we've never hit with one we were we found like the buyer. Oh, interesting.

Speaker  476794:40
I'd say probably 7030 they found me, maybe, maybe even 8020 I will say like at Target, though, like there is a big. And there is a big broker network, and there are a lot of people, there are a lot of buyers. So like, like, I get emails all the time for like, Hey, Kyle, we made these new frying pans. And I'm like, Well, I don't buy the frying pans, but I might know the frying pan person, and I'll, I'll forward it on to them, and just, I'll reply to the person in BCC, the buyer, and just be like, hey, you know, they'll reach out if they're interested. But if you like, if a reputable or like person I trust gets information in my hands, I always took take a look at it. I don't want to not miss out on a good opportunity. Because I was like, just deleting emails that day or something. I'm like, No, this might I choose the assortment I got to find out what this is.

Speaker  492266:40
I'd say good for you for getting organically found as much as you have

Speaker  494122:40
cool. Ben,

Speaker  494938:40
thanks. Chris, thanks. Kyle, so in my position where I'm very early in the stages of looking into retail partnerships, I'm more so looking at those smaller Mom and Pop style stores. So what do you see as being some important factors in those early days to make sure I get set in stone with these smaller Mom and Pop style companies? So when the time comes that I do pursue a larger retail partnership, say, like a target, that I'm prepared and in a position where I'm comfortable. I know, for Anthony, you mentioned, obviously stock and keeping in stock. But are there anything else? Is there anything else you recommend? Yeah, I think that's a great opportunity to, like, learn a lot about the customer and what the customer is saying. Like in those instances, we actually, I feel like you get really good feedback from the smaller retailers. Of like, hey, we had people come in and here's what they say. Sometimes I actually feel like I miss out on that because I'm like, reading reviews on target.com and I'm like, I don't even know how many like, bots wrote these things. Or like, you know, like you just, there's just a lot of junk out there. So I actually put a lot of value. Like, I talk to people in the aisles that I don't know. I just, like, watch them shop, and I feel like you actually this information I get sometimes from our stores teams is, like, incredibly valuable. And like, we don't even have a way. Like, there's no process for that to even happen. But anytime I go into a store and like, ask someone, I'm like, you know so much about my aisle that I don't even know that I feel like you can learn from those people and like and make improvements on right like you get into those stores, you're gonna find out like, oh man. I don't know what you make, but like, Oh man, this piece always breaks off, or like, it only works for the first 30 times, and then it starts to fall apart and things like that, where I just feel like you have a great opportunity to go out and get, like, actual feedback from consumers in more of a like, a safe space before, if you end up on a target and you get, you know, two star reviews, and you're like, hey, 10,000 people got this in The broke, you're toast.

Speaker  527354:40
Hey, Kyle, curious about, like, super green flags and super red flags. We've talked a little bit of kind of new, nuanced answers when you're actually meeting with someone. But what's something where you get a pitch and it's like an automatic no because of something, something about the company, something about the product. And then on the flip side, what's something that would make you actually reach out and and, I guess, yeah, do your own outreach to talk to a founder.

Speaker  535461:20
Yeah, okay, let's, I think the green ones are easier. Green super green flags would be like, if things are going viral, 100% like, if there's just a good, like, social media presence out there, if you've got some sort of, like, celebrity partner or just a personality that can help, if you're if you've got, like, a board of directors or something, sometimes people come to me and I'm like, I don't really know about this. And then they're like, Oh, well, on our board, we have people from, you know, the VP of this and the and you're like, Oh, all right. It gives you just confidence that you're like, they're going to help with some of those miss steps. It also probably means that there's some money somewhere in the pipeline too, because that is definitely a concern of mine with somebody like the founder brands, where you want to help, but you're like, retail is not cheap. So you're like, I know that I'm going to send you a bill at some point to be like, we ran a promotion and it cost you, like, $50,000 and you're like, what? Like, yeah, I don't know. It cost me money too, like this, just part of it. So I feel like those are all ones where I'm like, I'm either reaching out or taking that call because there's just a reputable something behind it, or if someone's like, Hey, I've already founded something legit, then you're like, Well, yeah, let's find out if lightning can strike twice. Like, I don't. To be behind that trend, red flags, I mean, red flags early on are like, you can't fill out the forms. You can't because they're not easy, right? I get it, but you're just like, I this is going to be a mess, or the finances are usually a problem. You're just like, hey, heads up. Like, if we can't come to any sort of financial they're like, Well, I can't pay for that. I can't pay for that. I'm like, then I don't know how you're going to pay for, like, the first order and things like that. When people start telling me about like, well, then I have to open up a line of credit, and I can't. And I'm like, I totally get it. I'm very empathetic to that situation. But like, we're probably going to run into problems most, most brands won't become, like, an overnight success, right? Like this is going to take like, time and work and, I mean, it's challenging, but like, we have tons of brands that are very successful at target that like, do anything to stay in the assortment and but, yeah, I feel like that would be a pretty big red flag for me. Awesome. Thank you.

Speaker  579392:00
You talked a lot about money throughout this call, and from my perspective, right? Like, let's call it $10 million brand. We get a massive order from Target. It's called 2 million bucks. I'm sitting there thinking sick. I just made let's call it $750,000 in profit. I'm like, That's great for the year. Like, I'm very happy. Let's not fuck this up. But then you also talk about, like, allocating money to back the target. How, when or how soon do those conversations happen? Are you the cause? From my experience with like, Dick the dicks of the world and Academy sports, we don't have those conversations unless I bring them up. And for the first three years, I never brought up giving away my money, right? Like I was just having the POS. So how are those conversations structured internally? And I'd love to understand a little bit more about how you think about trade spend. And if a brand's not coming to you offering you trade spend. Are you less inclined to want to work with them?

Speaker  593648:00
So I'd say when a brand starts at Target, Target's fairly sophisticated in this regard, and that, like, we have like, annual agreements where we just have to, like, like, right now, everybody has already filled their agreements. I have to now go through and approve them. I will say also that we have standard terms that, like, pretty much everybody has to sign up for they but everything is also negotiable, right? Like, so you got to fill out the certain terms. But I'm, I am open to talking about what those mean. Example, being like, you have to cover what we call like D markdown. So if, like, there's a promotional event, you have to cover the gap in the right. It was $10 now we're gonna sell for nine. You got to pay me $1 for every time so that I cover. It's our version of accounting. It's retail accounting. But like, some of these events that you have to participate in are not your choice, right? Because it's just like, oh, Target's doing Memorial Day. 15% off everything in this section. And it's like, well, we have to do that, because it's got to be easier, easy for our consumers. And then you're like, you get a bill where you're like, Well, I didn't want to do this. I feel like those are the times where I'm having a conversation, at least with the brands, to be like, I can't, like, let you off the hook, necessarily. But like, as things come up, it might be like, All right, you got to pay for that one. But here's something else that I can do for you. Oh, we're going to get this placement on the site or something. Some of these things are just like, free to me, where they're like, Hey, we just need an item to put on the site this week. And you're like, All right, just like, alright, just, you know, use this one. And I save up those type of things for examples like this, where you're like, All right, well, I can throw you a bone at least, to help drive your sales a little bit more. What was the second part of your question there? No,

Speaker  623194:40
I think you covered most of it. I just feel like in my, in my history with the buyers, it's more on me trying to build marketing promo into their stores and spending my money than it is the buyer trying to become creative and do marketing activities for me.

Speaker  627120:00
Yeah, I, I do think you need, you need to add, I would say it's kind of on you to ask those questions you and like, if you have a broker, the broker to ask those questions upfront about, like, what are our terms? And it's not, it's not because I'm trying to hide them or anything. It's because I'm just busy. Quite frankly, I'm not like, Oh, let me make sure. Let me sit down with Chris and make sure he understands, like, all the things that are going to happen here? But I do also think that there are, there are different levels to which I'm going to exert myself for a brand. Like, there are just somewhere I'm like, this brand's role is to. Just sit on the shelf and it's like, I'm not gonna put anything more towards it. I'm like, they might have to invest to do it. And then there's others where I'm like, You know what? This brand has a different reason to be like, I need to communicate something. I'm like, All right, we're gonna get you like, a shipper or a sign in the store, or like placement. But some of that honestly just comes down to how I feel about the brands. Makes sense.

Speaker  646581:20
Mike, hey, I appreciate your time. My questions more on the front end of the equation, I have a pretty good story, and I've got five lines in Target nationwide, and I I've been in the room on the pitches with, you know, the buyer, and other times it's just been the rep group. But I still feel like it's a giant mystery to me. And you mentioned earlier about, you know, the good fit of like the rep group or the broker or or the buyer, him or herself, how is like an outside party supposed to sort this out? Because, like, literally, I've Blogilates is a current line in Target nationwide. It's done tremendous for we're on a fifth year now. I still it's a mystery to me a little bit, so I know the point in this is for us all to learn. So I have been through the process several times. Like, I feel like I've been there done that, but I'm still like, Oh my God, when we do our next line, I still have, like, no idea what's the best path. Do I use this rep group or that rep group, or do I find a new one that specializes in this particular vertical? So anyway, any insights in that would be, yeah, okay, appreciate it.

Speaker  666453:20
I mean, the short answer is like, yes, you could go any of those routes. Like, some like, there are definitely rep groups that specialize in certain areas, and then there's a certain level of credibility that comes with them too, right? You're like, Oh, I already have five lines with this person in the pet space, and they're not sending me the junk. They're like, I know you. I know this is the one that you I got pitched 10 things. I'm filtering it. You should take a look at these two. I'm like, Okay, I appreciate that. There's also credibility, though. And being like, hey, we've got we, you haven't met us before, but we represent brands across, like, other parts of target. And here they are. And I'm kind of like, for me, I'm like, Oh, that's good enough for me. I just want to make sure that somebody is going to be guiding you, and then also able to, like, do all the tasks and understand the target lingo. I think I will say at the end of the day, I know that there are a lot of founders who love their brokers, and then I'm like, we'll just go with them, you know, like there's truly a relationship there, where they're like, man, they just, I just feel like I get exactly what I need, like we're on good terms. And then there are definitely some that are just always bouncing around trying to find the right fit. I don't think that helped you at all. Is

Speaker  687482:40
there any like resource? Perhaps, where like, because I feel like I find them haphazardly, quite frankly, through certain connections, I'll connect with this rep and they'll pitch me on. We're specialty in this and, like, cool. So on our skincare line, we'll, we'll go to him because, but, like, I don't really have any idea, does target love this rep or not? Love this rep? Like, I don't know, you know,

Speaker  693408:00
um, okay, they

Speaker  694629:20
said we can ask the hard questions. So

Speaker  695109:20
no, yeah, it's a really good one, and it's actually a funny one, because technically, I'm not even, I don't think I'm even. I never do so I just, I'm never supposed to, like, tell people which reps to go to if they ever asked me to be like, Do you have any recommendations? I'll send them, like, three or four and be like, it's up for you to decide. Because really it is, like, a relationship based situation. I might like, I don't know I like this guy, but you might like this guy. That's fine. That's a good way to I will also say too, a lot of it this is it's similar to the product, though. It kind of comes down to the buyer sometimes, because I've had so many instances where I'm like, That guy is great. And then you talk to the buyer, like, two desks away, and they're like, I hate working with this guy. And I'm like, I wonder what happened over there. So makes sense? I don't know. It's just people. It's just cool.

Speaker  708048:00
Ryan, we got time for like, two more so Ryan and then

Speaker  709120:00
Thanks, Kyle, so we actually did a test with target back in January 2021 with Chrissy keen in the OTC pain aisle. Oh yeah. We make a natural pain cream. Think bio freeze. I Scot, we learned a lot of good and bad. I mean, the biggest challenge was, if you remember what happened in January 2021 like the six months in the making, the day we get on shelf was covid, the peak covid. So nobody was really browsing new products in store. We also launched our weakest SKU. We didn't launch our hero SKU, and at too high of a price point, too big of a product. So we've made a lot of changes. We did stick with target.com in fact, we're picking up momentum. We shipped in five cases last month. We have some good stuff going on. The biggest lesson we learned is we weren't ready for retail. Yeah. And we're not planning to really go back and re pitch until end of next year, when we get some more momentum and some real funds. But we've made changes like launching a smaller size and different things. My question to you is, well, the biggest data point we got is we drove 87% of shoppers that bought our product were brand new to the aisle. So I think I heard you earlier talking about finding a white space. And part of our pitch is we can bring a shopper to her aisle that doesn't currently shop there, which can kind of grow the pie. Is there any other advice you have for us as we get ready? I mean, again, there'll probably be a new buyer by the time we go back and end the next year? But any advice for kind of how we re bring this up?

Speaker  729909:20
Yeah, you know, the first thing I'd say is, I'd be like, prove it to me that you brought in 87% new people. Because I I get a lot of stats that one's meaningful. But then I'm like, how do you how do you know, like, what was your source of data? Because we have our own sets of data too, that are, I'm not going to say they're perfect, but they're like, reasonable enough where ours might say 14 or something, and then you're like, well, where's like, the disconnect. So I think if you can prove it, that would be good. I would also say, like, in your situation, kind of to Chris's point earlier, if I were you, I'd sell the heck out of this thing on Amazon. Like, that would be the path of least resistance. Of, like, hey, we did a test. We learned we're still on target. Like, I'd keep that up. You just don't want to fall off, like, out of the system or anything like that. At that point, you're like, Oh, it's just easier. Oh, they're already on there. Yeah, I can see what they're doing. See what they're doing. Amazon's digital volume is just so much bigger and becomes like, such a good proof point. I'd almost come back and be like, Hey, we, we messed it up. We, we own that. But look what's happened since, and we're retail ready, and we heard you on the price points and everything going back to, like, the listening portion of it. Like, yeah, and I would get the consumer perspective too, like, I think that would be, hey, we talked to people, and this is, like, actually what they want. And you can tell because of the reviews, or something like, kind of closing the loop there. That would be my advice, at least. I don't know if you're on I'm assuming you're on Amazon, but like I would, yeah, I would just pour a lot of resources towards that. And this is a target buyer telling you that.

Speaker  761237:20
Yeah, it kind of goes along with that. Kyle is what would, from your perspective,

Speaker  763466:40
for an online brand, like, that's significantly growing, like, what's the draw to go into big box retail and working with a target, or wherever it may be? Like, is there an argument to be made that it doesn't make sense? Or from your perspective, like, what is your guidance on that? Yeah, I think there's an argument to be made that it doesn't make sense. I think retail, like big box retail, makes a lot of sense for a lot of people and a lot of brands. But sometimes I hear stories and I'm like, so why are you trying to come to tart? You know, like, you just hear about, like, the success and how well it's going, and how you've kind of honed in your skills, and you kind of nailed it there. I mean, I'll also say too, like, there are some brokers that I know that, like, really specialize in Amazon and target. And I'm like, those are great resources to ask to, like, would you even do this, because it can be very lucrative, but it can also be like a huge hassle and time suck and it's costly, but yeah, I definitely tell people sometimes, like you should just continue to do what you're doing, that would be success, but obviously that's up

Speaker  785200:00
to you. Cool. It's good. All right. Last question I have on my end, because I'm currently facing it, and then we'll, we'll wrap this up. A buyer tells you, hey, we're not going to give you into a replacement, but we'd really like you to go online with target.com Are you saying that? Well, one, I'm assuming you're saying that to gage the sales that we could potentially do. So then you could be like, Oh, it's a no brainer that we should have had in the store. My fault. From my perspective, it's like, Yo, I almost don't want to do that, because if drop ships doesn't go successfully, then we completely, like, blown our hand, and we'll never get in Target ever again. How do you feel about target.com Do you feel like it's, do you see my point of view there? And like 100% where's your thoughts there? Because I'm sure everybody on this call is going to have that situation or happen once or another.

Speaker  797434:40
Yeah. Um.

Speaker  800000:00
A kind of a coin flip? Yeah, I'm like, I used to put a lot of brands on target.com to try to learn, watch them, like, compete, like, get my own data right. Because one of the things that's hard as a buyer is, like, you're just hearing information from other people, and when you're going to bring something in you, you kind of need to validate it somewhere, having the.com is great. Like, I can definitely tell you. I'm like, Oh, I have five brands that are all like, we have, like, dry shampoo, like shampoo bars, like a bar of soap, but for shampoo, and I'm like, they're on target.com and it's fascinating to actually watch them compete. Because I'm like, if I'm gonna do one, I already know which one I'm gonna do. I haven't decided yet if that's even something that I want to do in stores, but I'm at least like, they might think I'm blowing smoke at them, but I'm really legitimately, like, using this data to, like, make a choice. I will also say, though, like, the online only platform for target is not that big, relatively speaking, right? Like you will certainly drive more volume with Amazon, and you will probably drive more volume on your own DTC site. Not to say the volumes are small, it's just what happened at a lot of targets. Online, volume is driven by people doing drive up and picking up stuff in the store. So I'm like, technically, like, 16% of my sales are online. But like, if we're talking online only items, it's it's quite a bit smaller than that. My honest advice would be, like you, if you can talk to the buyer about this, like, that's the that's the question that, that's the hard question that you should be asking. Like, okay, I heard you. I know you're saying to go on there, but like, you can even say, I've spoken to other target buyer, I've spoken to other buyers at other places. And it's like, do you really? Is that really what you want to do to learn? Because if they're like, yeah, no, I seriously want to take a look at this. Because if I were you then and you actually do it, then I'm going to I'm following up with some information, a quarterly email or something that's just like, hey, just a heads up. We're doing what you're saying. We're getting online. We're driving some traffic. It seems like we're outperforming some of our competitors. Because I think the mistake most people make is they just put it on there, and then they wait for me to make a decision. And like I might eventually, but like I might not, it might just never get to the point where it really matters. Absolutely.

Speaker  841845:20
Cool, man. Well, we really appreciate your time. I hope everybody thought this was valuable. Founders club people were going to start trying to do these at least once a week, not with buyers, but all different types of situations like this. So Kyle, we appreciate your time. Everybody, please do not email Kyle with a pitch after this call. That was Kyle's one request, but yeah, thank you guys so much, and we'll we'll see you hopefully next week for some more stuff. Thanks, man, yeah,

Speaker  848928:00
thanks, Chris, see you guys later. Bye.
