Josh Hadley_1
Date: April 21, 2025

Speaker  1392:00
So the easy way to use AI to find incredible, incredible management level contractors. So who am I? Father of four, husband to a beautiful wife, first and foremost, eight figure brand owner and then host of the E comm breakthrough podcast. So really, where did all of this kind of like start like, this started back in 2018 2019 when, you know, it used to be oDesk. Was the old Upwork back in the day, like, it's that old. It's that old, okay? And I remember listening to like podcasts, and everybody's like, Oh, you can go find some cheap Filipino workers for like, two or three bucks an hour that can go do stuff for you. So I was like, All right, great. Like, our business, we've got enough enough customer service, like, I need to hire this out. So because they're in the Philippines, and I'm like, well, it's their daytime it's my night time, so I'll schedule a bunch of interviews and post a job. Got a bunch of applicants, we'll post, got a ton of applicants, but now I need to have interviews, right? I'm just thinking through like, Well, how do you actually hire somebody? Got to interview them. So I scheduled these interviews just via zoom back in the day, and I did them all, like, starting at like 11pm at night, because I was like, oh, it's their daytime, right? So this is me, basically, like, sitting in my car, in my garage, because we're living in like, a small house at the time, and I get on my first interview with somebody they can barely speak English. Like, Oh, this isn't good. And then, and then I was like, All right, now I've got to wait 30 more minutes till my next one, next one shows up. I like, their Wi Fi is horrendous. And I'm like, I can't even have this thing. So, like, I had like, four or five back to back calls on my I was like, I just wasted two and a half hours of my night doing this. For what reason? Because, like, through that, I was like, This is crap. Like, I don't know why everybody's touting overseas talent, because there ain't nobody here that was, that was helpful. So that's where the idea came from. Like, all right, there's got to be a better way than just, like, post a job on Upwork and then interview these candidates, and you're going to find lightning in a bottle, right? So that's kind of the precipice of creating this seven step process that we now walk through whenever we hire somebody on our team. So number one is conducting a time study. So this is what we do, and each of my managers will do every six months. Is before they can recommend, hey, we need to go. We need another VA to go do X, Y and Z. First and foremost, we'll have them conduct a two week time study where they will measure their time in 15 minute increments. And even for myself, to understand the point of it is for you to understand where is the majority of your time going. Okay. And so for us, one of our first key hires was a project manager, because I realized the majority of my time was spent going back and forth with, hey, is this product designed? Is this product being manufactured? When is this being shipped in? It's just kind of like coordinating, orchestrating all of that. And so I realized that's eating up 50% of my time. I outsourced that six months later, run the exercise again, and now I'm spending 50% of my time on product research and development. Okay, time to outsource that so constantly, like, that's how we fill our team to 30 team members. Now spend me constantly rinsing and repeating. What am I spending my time on in the business? How could I go outsource this so I can work on more high leverage tasks in my own business, just some principles, mindset shifts that you can experience through this book. Clockwork does a really good job. Most entrepreneurs spend too much time doing and not enough time designing their business. So step number two is now that you've defined, you've identified, like, a constraint with your time. Right now you need to go create, like, an actual role profile for this job that you want to hire. And this is where a lot of people go wrong. They just think like, oh, customer service. Let's just, that's easy. I need to just, we'll create a job post for like customer service, but there's a lot more that goes into it, because you need to slow down and actually create a role profile so under like, both you and that new team member are on the exact same page from day one in terms of what the expectations are. But one of the most important things is going to be this step number two, which is you've got to create a scorecard, aka the key KPIs, the key performance indicators you need to have three to five for every single role in your business. And the reason why this becomes important is because you know all. Of us, you know, you may have team members. You're like, Oh, how's he doing? Like, how do you know whether that team members succeeding, winning or losing, right? And most of us, it's just, like, just how I feel today, like he's great, like he did a great job yesterday on this project, or this morning he dropped the ball on this email. So I'm gonna respond to you is like, bad, right? Like he's not doing great. And so it becomes very subjective, whereas, if you have KPIs for both you and the team member, the team member now knows when they're winning, they also know when they're losing, and it becomes not subjective. So like, a clear one for this is like, supply chain manager. Let's say you're like, hey, I want to get more efficient with my supply chain. Find some cost savings in my supply chain. That's your KPI. That's not, that's, that's not a true KPI. That's not black and white. Like, very subjective. Well, I saved $1 by using AGL versus tactical. So there we go. And you're like, Yeah, but that was very bad decision, right? So it's things like that that you've gotta it's gotta be black and white. You can either answer yes or no to this, and the data is the output, right? So that is, like, what I preach over and over again. Like these KPIs have been like, key and then how we measure them on an ongoing basis. So kind of my secret tip for this is, like using chat GPT for inspiration. So my favorite thing is, just like, go to chat GPT. Whatever that role is that you're hiring for, just ask it for 20 different KPIs. It's not going to produce the exact ones, but it's going to get you in the ballpark, and then you can customize it for yourself.

Speaker  107413:20
So building the KPI is the one part, right? And tracking and holding them accountable to the KPI is the hard part. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing, because I have the same challenge. I built all these KPIs, and I'm like, How do I track them? How do I hold them accountable? So we're trying to build some dashboards and trying to automate that, because if you have a manual guy doing it, then I don't trust them. They can fuse the numbers too,

Speaker  114544:00
but man, so we actually have to, we've thought about it, because I have a data guy, and all he does is Power BI and he can, he can create anything I want, nice, yeah, that's what I'm doing, too. But we have everybody plug it in manually. And the reason why is because, when they plug it in manually and that that KPI turns red. Guess who feels embarrassed that team member, whereas, if it's automated, yeah, so what? Like, man, it's just it is what it is, right? Like they're embarrassed because they're plugging it into the spreadsheet. So the next thing is like, yeah, discussing, how do you manage them? So like in our business, we have a weekly one on one meeting with every team member, and they will review their KPIs from the previous week. In addition to that, we have a weekly l 10 meeting those that follow the EOS framework. And in that we have, we call it the CEO scorecard, where we'll boil up, like, there's 30 people, so we're not going over all 30 people's KPIs, but we're boiling up the most important ones, right? And then on a monthly basis, we'll go through all of them, and then what we're what we're measuring, is, like, What's the trend line? Are they getting better, closer to the KPI, or are they falling further from the KPI on a monthly basis? So monthly basis, we're reviewing everybody's weekly basis. It's the key ones with my leaders, and then anybody that I'm doing one on ones with rather KPIs 30 and what

Speaker  139237:19
environment do you have staff punching their KPIs or through a form and pushes another environment? Oh,

Speaker  141386:40
just in we have a Google spreadsheet, yeah?

Speaker  142490:40
So you just gotta they have access to the sheet. They go and they put in their number. See it turn red,

Speaker  144154:40
yeah? It's like, yeah, it's very simple. Like, here's the Kat, here's the goal. Like, it's either it's black and white, right? Yeah, no, that's good.

Speaker  146000:00
That's measurable, because I'm guilty to tell my supply chain guy save money. Like, I'm so guilty of that, you know? But, yeah, he's, what can you do with that? Yeah?

Speaker  148160:00
But it also helps them, yeah? So, I mean, we can easily talk about this stuff. It's obviously easier said than done, right? But, like, the principle of it is, like, Guys, this is where the rubber meets the road with the business in all reality. And so being able to define that's why, like, I love that book. It's like too many people spend time working in their business and doing the things rather than designing the business, and, like, KPIs and reporting your, basically your operating system for the business. That's called Designing your business,

Speaker  157274:40
right? That's the book, clockwork, okay, yeah.

Speaker  158250:40
And so it just gives you a really good visual of, like, what's going on. That's, that's one of the most important things. Yes, anything? Any questions on that? Very good. Okay, so then what we do is, like, we'll take those KPIs and I'll ask chatgpt for all of these, like, what does success look like? We'll create, like, a paragraph or two here, and the reason why we're doing all of this, and I'll tell you why in a minute here. But like, we're listing our top two or three primary objectives, so that the team member also understands, if ever, if the crap hits the fan, here are the most important things to focus on, that 8020 principle. These are the 20% big rocks that need to be moved every single day. Okay, then you've got your regular work activities. It's like, okay, they are important, but those other ones are more important. Like, you've got to be able to help people prioritize step six and seven additional activities, meetings that they're meaning key skills not as important or typical stuff. Are

Speaker  175594:40
you holding people accountable for training and stuff like that. Because what I've noticed is, I teach in my team, the people who are smart, you know, keep on doing their trainings. They're keeping up, and then the lazy people don't do the trainings.

Speaker  178832:00
So one of the kids so that that turns into like a core value, right of the brand. And so one of our core values is, every single week they are, it's, we call it continuing education. They are learning something new, and then they're creating, like they're telling us what they learned and how they're imply, implementing it into the business every week they have to, and that's part of that. One on one meeting with them, they're reporting back what they learned. Of

Speaker  187498:40
so that's more of a culture, it has to be. And

Speaker  189386:40
then we'll list the requirements. Okay, so when you're all said and done, like, even if it's just a basic Amazon virtual assistant or, like, a customer service representative

Speaker  192688:00
like this is how detailed it looks great.

Speaker  193792:00
Okay. The reason why you want to do this so this is the role profile template, if you want to like, implement this in your own business. The reason why this is so important is because a level talent is attracted to a level talent. Okay? So if you want to hire a level talent, they've got to see that you're an A level person to be working with. Okay, there's no a level talent is going to come join a organization that's a train wreck and be like, yeah, let me come clean this up for you. Like, we all want that in our minds as entrepreneurs to be like, sorry, it's a mess. I'm an entrepreneur. It's like, guys, that's a little lazy. That's like, that's the lazy answer, right? It's like, oh, I'm too busy. I'm just an idea. Guy, like, I'm sorry. That doesn't cut it. So a level talent is attracted to a level talent. So I also, so I did create a custom GPT that, instead of walking through all of that and manually having to think through it used to take me, like, 10 to 20 hours. Like I can do use the custom GPT and it'll, like, spit it out in five seconds. Then obviously I've got to modify it, but it will do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. But like I said before, if you do that work up front for the role profile, it makes your job 10 times easier, because what is a level talent attracted to? Right? It's the exact same thing. If you're a buyer on Amazon, which one are you gonna buy? The one somebody, like, put it together last minute, five seconds. Or I just need to hire somebody, or the person that actually cares and like, has a brand, has a culture, has KPIs, like you can see the difference. Okay? Then once you have that role profile, whether that person succeeds or not in that role, that's something that you could rinse and repeat over and over again, right? It's not like you're having to go back to the drawing board every single time. One of the things that we do is we'll add like a hidden task. This is fairly common knowledge, but we'll add a hidden task somewhere in that listing, and then we'll post the job. So the one place that's not on here that we're using a lot more of as of late is LinkedIn. So we're finding a lot of good candidates on LinkedIn as of late,

Speaker  231317:20
but we'll post the job on all of these sites.

Speaker  232565:20
And then one of the most important things that's that's where most people stop, right? They stop with, oh, I posted the job, surely they will come right false. So now you've got to put your sales hat on, okay? And so step three is you've got to go and source these candidates, okay, so on online jobs.ph, and this will apply to a lot of those other like platforms that you can hire for. So go in and set the you know, your filters will will tell people like, hey, we want you full time. I want them to be legit people, so an ID score greater than 70, and I want them last active within the last week or less, which means they're probably either currently employed but not satisfied there something's going on that they've they've or they just recently joined, which is, honestly, that's probably like one of the biggest tax some of the best people that we have hired and just joined Upwork that month, or just joined Online jobs.ph, and then we'll take them off platform, and they'll never see the light of day again, ever on online jobs.ph, or Upwork, those are some of the best people that we found. But you'll see here 904 job seekers, and then my EA will basically go into each of those profiles, contact the worker. This is the message we send them. Hey, I found your profile. You look great. Please apply for our job. So we're just caught, like, just messaging them, hey, please apply for our job, just basically letting them know, like we're hiring we think you'd be a good candidate. Now I don't know whether this is a good candidate or not. I just want as many people applying as I possibly can up front, and then we'll do that exact same thing on Upwork. So those are the filters that we use. Like I said, one of the big hacks here is on job success. We list it as any job success. The reason being is that if you choose 90% or above, anybody that just joined the platforms, automatically weed it out. And same thing for hours. Build

Speaker  266629:20
I've always filtered for like 90% above. Think I'm getting somebody good, but you're, you're aiming for someone who just got on there

Speaker  268506:40
because, because what will happen too, is, like, I'm confident in the rest of my process that's going to weed them out. Like, I'm not worried, like what their rating is from somebody else. Like my process is going to weed them out regard, I don't even look at their reviews on Upwork. Plus, if they're, if they got a bunch of reviews on Upwork, means they've just bounced around, yeah, which isn't a great sign the and then we'll go through on Upwork and just like spam, invite everybody to the job. Okay? And then we also use workable they have, like, an AI recruiter. So you put in who it is that you're looking for, you'll see in the bottom left hand section, their AI recruiter found like 3080 profiles that match it. I think it's tied into LinkedIn some way, somehow. And then what you like the big, important thing, like, when we're hiring from like the Philippines, the people that they're finding like, they're not just like common vas, like, you can look at these people like, this was an FP and a manager. Some of these people worked for Ernst and Young like these are, like, smart people. It's a different level of talent. It's not the one totally different level of talent. Like these aren't vases. This is just workable. This is workable. And their AI solution,

Speaker  290544:00
so workable. Ai,

Speaker  291295:59
are you doing the paper clip campaigns in these platforms? You know how like indeed, I think has the

Speaker  293072:00
we don't do it for indeed, we started doing it for LinkedIn because we keep finding really good candidates on LinkedIn. So yes, on LinkedIn,

Speaker  294965:19
that's a whole other thing.

Speaker  295797:20
No, it's very simple, like, it's like, it's like, $25 a day only, let it run for two weeks, okay? And if you want more candidates up front and, like, go to $100 a day, right? And it'll bring in, it'll bring in decent talent. Okay?

Speaker  299194:40
So you don't have to set keywords or anything.

Speaker  299882:40
No, no, no, not at all,

Speaker  300266:40
but I can auto add. But

Speaker  300938:40
the most important thing is, like, how detailed is your job description? It's gonna go out. It's gonna go off of that. Okay? And by the way, what do you think about your click through, rate on your job. Like is, how good your title, how good your like, introduction. That's why, what does success look like, and what's your vision for your brand? That's the first two things, because that's how you get people to apply for your job, right? Like, put on your Amazon sales hat when recruiting these guys, yeah, best candidates. And if you want a level talent, guess how much they're going to expect from you, top notch, right? Otherwise, don't be surprised when you hike. Keep hiring C's and D's because you're taking the lazy approach, right? Which was me back in the day, sitting in the car. I was like, customer service, this is going to be easy. $3 an hour. How much are you paying to people? Average is like $2,000 a month Filipinos. So it's great wage for them. Like, that's like a director level compensation for a Filipino in the Philippines, like you're a director level i.

Speaker  320320:00
That's where they're comfortable. Very comfortable.

Speaker  320928:00
Yeah, I've got people making even more than that too, but those are, like, my best ones. All right. Questions on that, how we're like, sourcing candidates, like, long story short is, like, my goal for my EA is like, I have to have 1000 applicants before I'll even move forward in the process or review anybody

Speaker  328341:20
questions. So what's funny is, I had the same approach. I built an agency on recruiting, and my main my thought process is before we to hire one person. You don't look at less than 1000 applicants. Otherwise you're looking at garbage. You got to filter through, for sure,

Speaker  333274:40
so, but then you're probably like, oh, 1000 applicants. You're going to review 1000 resumes? No, the answer is, no, I'll make it like super easy for you guys. Okay, before we can move to step four, you have to have a mindset shift in the way you approach hiring. And this was a big mindset shift for me, and this has made all the difference. Okay? So I had Michael E Gerber, the author of the E Myth, on my podcast, and I asked him, when it comes well, I asked him I was like, in your years of running businesses and coaching clients like, what, how do you find and spot and identify a level talent? And he was like, when it comes to hiring talent, do you have a vetting process similar to the Navy SEALs, where only the best will survive? Okay? And then I was like, Well, what is so I was like, what does that mean? Like, what's the Navy SEALs week Nay? Is like, there's something called Hell Week. And he's like, look it up and tell me what you think afterwards. So this is it. Hell Week is the defining event of budge training. It's early on in the third week of the first phase before the Navy makes an expensive investment in the seal operational training. Okay? Long story short, like you can read through all this at test, their physical endurance, mental toughness, pain, cold tolerance, teamwork, attitude, ability to perform work under high physical and mental stress. See, sleep deprivation, etc. On average, only 25% of seal candidates make it through Hell Week, the toughest training in the US military. Okay? So then I thought to myself, Okay, if that's what the Navy SEALs are doing, what am I doing and letting people into my business? Like, how easy is it to get into my business? Are you just a warm body and you said that you're a social media manager, so that's good enough for me, right? Not the case. So this is, this is now what we walk through. This is our hell week that we put every candidate through. Okay? So we're going to filter candidates. We're going to use assessments to filter candidates. We're going to go from 1000 applicants down to 100 so when, when somebody applies, my EA will immediately turn around. Be like, Thanks for your application. You have a great background. Can you please take this assessment to assess your skills and abilities to fit this job. Okay, nobody's looked at their resume. Nobody's looked at anything. I don't care what they sent in their application. I really don't care. We're just immediately sending them this link to this assessment, and then this assessment is criteria. Corp is what we're using. The reason why we're using criteria Corp is because, out of all of the different like hiring test platforms, most of them charge you per applicant that takes it. This one's a flat annual subscription. I want to say we're paying like two to three grand a year for it right now, but we're sending 1000s of applicants through this thing. So, like it are like, I'm paying like, $1 maybe, right? Or maybe, like, 50 cents, really, with the number of people that we're hiring. So what is this like? The criteria cognitive aptitude test. If you just read this like, point right here, cognitive aptitude is one of the most accurate job predictors of job success for any position. So it's kind of like, it's like an the best way to tell you, tell you guys what it is. It's more or less like an IQ test, in a way. But through their studies, they believe that cognitive aptitude is one of the most accurate job predictors. Now we don't just rely on this alone, but this is the first hurdle. So we then my EA will then go through and just filter all the assessment results based on this criteria. So you got to be in the 65th percentile or above for aptitude, your personality has got to match the role. That's fine. And then basic skills test like this is like first grade level math and English stuff. Kat,

Speaker  395770:40
are you doing any Amazon specific testing as well? Yeah, so

Speaker  396842:40
we will, depending on the role, yeah. So that's like the first thing, right? And then, yeah. So I presented this, what, like Brandon Young's conference. Um, last year, and then a bunch of people signed up, and criteria Corp reached out. They're like, what are you doing? Enough like, Oh, I just, like, talked about your stuff. And so anyways, they're like, I and then I was like, Hey, do you have a referral program or affiliate program? And they're like, No, we don't, but we can give you, like, a coupon code for your people. And I was like, that's fine, whatever. So anyways, I'm not an affiliate, but there is a 10% off if you mention my name. Okay, then the next thing that we will do this is the, this is one of the most recent things that we've added as of December of last year, is culture index. Okay, who's familiar with culture index?

Speaker  412490:40
Something similar. I do something similar. I do like a culture test of how their personality is, what sort of work environment they want.

Speaker  414250:40
Yeah, so culture index, like, I've heard about it at a bunch of different masterminds and stuff over the years, it's like a $15,000 investment. So I was always like, That's too expensive. But I kept hearing it like on podcasts, whatever the people that were like, really doing well and hiring really good people, they all were using culture index. I was like, there's something to this thing. And culture index, sure enough, like, has been like, this is one of the silver bullets for me to identify, like, laser in and be able to identify the right candidate, because it does more than just, like, look at their culture and like their personality. It's like, how do they natively approach work? Like most of us as entrepreneurs, you're going to have a really high a score, right? And then there's different, like, there's organization which is like, kind of like, do you follow guidelines? There's a pace one, and then, like, sociability and stuff like that.

Speaker  429562:39
Sorry to Kat, you does that help you kind of pin into those people that work in the same style you do? Because you know, when you're hiring somebody, they have to work in at least, when I'm hiring somebody, I'm expecting them to work a certain way, you know, move faster, or, you know, up close, me a certain way.

Speaker  433695:59
Yeah, it will tell you that. But I'm not trying to replicate myself, right? So what the nice part about culture index is like you you're assigned, like a rep or something, right? Or they're you're a coach, so whenever you're hiring for a role. You give them that job description, you'll sit down with them and be like, This is what I'm looking for. They're going to ask you the questions like, Is this more data oriented role, or is this like you need somebody like visionary constructing things that aren't even here yet? Like they have a good set of questions that you go through and then it's going to spit out, here's the ideal profile that you're looking for, okay? And it's that profile that we're looking for. So, like, when we just hired our Director of Operations, and that's why I signed up for culture index, because I was like, this is a big hire. Like, we're paying him over six figures, like this. This needs to be a baller. This guy needs to be on point. And sure enough, like there were, when it came down to it, because I didn't culture index kind of got added to the end of that job thing, and I already had, like, my final five candidates, the four candidates for the other candidates did not have the right culture index, and the guy that we ended up hiring had the right one man, it's been like a walk in the park, like he's been, he's been, like, hitting a home run. So anyways, big fan of culture index. There's like,

Speaker  455861:20
is it, sorry? Is it a company you're using to measure the culture index? There's culture index, just a a term that

Speaker  457509:20
no culture index is actually an actual, like company, an organization they're based out of here at DFW, actually. So, like, when you do that, it's $15,000 investment, and then you can send as many applicants as you want through this

Speaker  461482:40
to do the test itself.

Speaker  462890:40
But it's like a two day training, like you go through it like, so there's not enough time for me to, like, articulate it here in like, a short stint of, like, everything that's involved in this. Like, suffice it to say, like, this will tell you exactly, like, if you're ever frustrated with like, why doesn't this guy just like, follow the instructions, it's because he probably has a low D, which means, like, he natively doesn't approach work that way. And so one of my top performing guys is very high D like, almost like perfectionist level. But guess how he approaches work? He expects everybody else to maintain work that same way. So in our coaching call yesterday, our coach was like, if you look at this, your profile, you work harder, like, you work two or three times harder than 98% of the population. And I can read that just through this graph. It was like, yeah, he, he does. And so, like, you've got to be able to boil that down and be able to understand who you're managing and how to communicate to them in a different manner. I. Sense,

Speaker  480176:00
they train you for two days. They train you for two days, and then they vet your candidates.

Speaker  481904:00
Yeah, I mean, they'll walk you through like, so if you're actively hiring, they'll jump on calls with you and be like, if you do go with this person, here's the watch out if you go with this person, here's the Watch out, right? 15k

Speaker  485509:20
is mostly to train you how to Yes. That down,

Speaker  486517:20
yep. Okay, yep. It's, it is well worth the investment.

Speaker  487621:20
Okay, I can see that, because once you add higher

Speaker  488325:20
it all, it more than makes up for that. And if I you're hiring a six figure team member, like, why would you skip a $15,000 thing? So culture index, that's all I have on. That is just this one slide. But, like, Good grief, like, there's a lot that goes into it, but it's, it's pretty money, okay, but we're still not even done yet. All right, so now these people, these 1000 we've gone from 1000 down to 100 and then, even then, culture index wise, you're probably down to, like, maybe 5025, people. That's still too many people for me. I don't want to review those resumes. I don't want to jump on interviews with that many people. So what do we do? We have people, we give them a test project. Okay, so with this test project like this is like, one of our ones that we did for our creative director. And this to your point, like, this is an Amazon test, but this is, like, it's specific for every role. So for this, we basically assign them, like real life work like, here's our brand, here's our brand guidelines, here's the product. Go create a plus content for us. And that's what this was. It's like. Here's the if you're curious what Amazon A plus content is, you can learn more about it here, but here's access to our folders, our brand guidelines. I need you to go ahead and create some A plus content pages for us, and then create a five minute loom video walking me through the decisions you made to create the eight plus content page and then send it back to me, right? Okay, so if you're like, oh, I don't know, what would I like, every single role gets this even like a customer service or a VA and so how do you get the ideas? Just use chat, GPT. So what happens with the test project? 20 to 30% will actually even complete it? Do they do it for free? Yes, they do. And I'm unabashed by saying that, because when I what brought us down here to Texas is I got a job with American Airlines out of my MBA program. And guess what was one of the things they asked me to do in the recruiting process, do a test project. Did they compensate me for it? No, did I think, like, how dare they steal my intellectual capital? No. Like, we get two out of every 100 candidates that will be like, Wait, this is paid, right? No. And then they just, they

Speaker  527466:40
leave. That's what you want to filter up any days. Yeah,

Speaker  528122:40
of course, I want to filter that out, right? This is my hell week. Who creates it? It's the immediate supervisor, whoever's hiring for that role. And then who reviews it, the immediate supervisor. And then this is just like, if you use workable they do have like, a profile that, like does, like aI matching with like, their previous experience. That's helpful, but not like it's not make or break that you can see how it like will say, maybe some weak points that they don't have, that you have in your job description, which means the more thorough your job description is, the more helpful some of these other like aI assistants will help you. All right, then next. So now we've got from the 50, okay, about a third, 20 to a third of them are gonna complete it. So I've still got 10 to 15 candidates, right? So what we'll do is we'll break them into groups of five, and we'll do group interviews. This is where they're coming on. Like, literally, it's just me, five other candidates. Okay, they're joining zoom, and then we're gonna go around for each candidate, and we're gonna ask the same question to each of them. Okay, so these are, like, the sample questions. The questions really, don't really matter. I'm just trying to get a gage, like, because somebody with a crappy Wi Fi connection, or somebody that's just like, weird, that you're like, yeah, no. Like, not gonna cut it. Like, instead of you joining a one on one call with them, this is a mass approach to be like, Okay, I can easily pluck off, like, probably five of the 15 just because they're weird or something. Okay. But then the final question I do ask, this is my favorite one. I call it the peer picking probe. So I asked them, go around, who would you hire from this interview and why? And by the way, you can't say yourself so. And what you'll naturally see is like, they'll gravitate to who the like the strongest candidate is, wild, super. Yeah. Yeah, but it's actually like, like, it puts pressure on them, for sure. But here's the interesting thing, like, I thought, like, Yes, I'm turning up the heat on these guys. Quite the opposite happened. I kept getting responses and emails from people that were like, thank you for putting me in a group interview. It was really weird at first, but I'm actually like, I love the I loved going through it because I never get to see who I'm competing against for jobs. And I now understand where my deficiencies are. Beautiful idea. So it actually helps. Like, this isn't just like, hey, let's string them up. Like, let's make it as difficult as we can. Like, there's actually a benefit to them. On the on the opposite end, did everyone

Speaker  571562:40
get a chance to speak? Like, did they go through and introduce themselves? Yeah, so

Speaker  572650:40
we'll do like five. Like, this is the very last question, right? So this is I've asked these other questions. First, tell me about you know, the first question is always like, tell me who you are, what you're currently doing. I got

Speaker  575994:40
you. You're doing these five with this one, and then these five with this one, like, okay, they all sit through it. They all sit through they

Speaker  577856:00
all sit well. And I ask him, like, we'll go round robin, like we'll go Question one, we're gonna go in this order. John, Mary, Sally, Peter, right. Answer this question. You have 60 seconds. Okay, then they'll answer. Each one takes a moment to answer all right. Question number two, we're gonna go in reverse order this time. Peter Sally, like, does that make sense? And then how do they vote at the end in the chat? Or no, then I'll tell them. I'm like, this is the order we'll go in, okay. And here's the question.

Speaker  586357:20
Oh, okay, so they're just

Speaker  587125:20
gonna say, Yep. So that's live. It's live. Like, who are you gonna pick? John, you go first. Sally, next. Who are you hiring lunch and a

Speaker  589338:40
party? Person who have one kind of show on

Speaker  589978:40
average? Like, definitely. Like, it used to be, like, I was, like, batting like, 1,000% like, yes, they kept gravitating towards it. But then I started to find, like, we're probably down to like, 60, 75% of the time, it's, it's the person. Because sometimes, if you get somebody really charismatic, they like, does really well. But you're like, you can see through the test project, you're like, Yeah, I have to do whatever. Yeah. So, and then step seven, this is where we will do, like, a one on one interview. So from those the three group interviews, you're gonna have three, maybe five, like really serious candidates. You're like, I want to spend some time with you now. I'm willing to invest an hour of my time. Obviously, if you've done all these things, you're gonna show up for the interview, right? And you're going to be an intelligent person. So I'm willing to invest my time with you in the interview process, like the interview is the worst predictor of job success, period. So don't rely on the interview. The reason why you're going through the interview is what you're trying to do is just uncover a career success, track record, and what that means is, you want to see that throughout their entire life, like truly, like their life, they have always stepped into leadership positions, or they have always been promoted, or they have Always rose to the occasion in whatever it is, right? So like these are the ideal person. They've gotten into a job. They kept getting promotion after promotion after promotion. And if they've ever skipped job or hopped jobs to a new job, it was because their manager left for whatever reason, went to this new company and then brought them back over like it's either you've been either pushed to the top because of promotions, or you've been pulled in your career over because somebody else is like you're I want like you are so good over here, I want you joining me in this other venture, Right? So push or pull is what you're looking for. You never want somebody that's been stagnant, or somebody that's like, Oh, I got let go. They were just budget constraints. Look like all of us know, like we're gonna protect our best people, like they're not going anywhere no matter how like, devastating the business is, like you're gonna never let your good people go. So that's basically it. And then, like, we'll ask examples, like, can they drive real results? You want them to be able to, like, give you data and like the way they approach it, and provide ideas of ways that you never would have approached it, but you're like, that's a genius idea. So you're looking for them to be like an expert. Okay? Another really good question is like, how does what you do in the business, or how does what you do make the business money, even in a customer service role? Because if they can articulate that, they're really good, most people don't think about it that way, right? They're just like, well. I just do the accounting, I do the books. It's like, well, there's a lot more to that. Like, you save the business money, and you can actually pinpoint maybe if we put more advertising spend here, we could increase sales. That's how I make the business money, right? Two true serum questions that we ask, we ask for their names of their previous managers. And the reason we do that for each role is then we say, Okay, the reason I ask that is because we're going to reach out to John. When I ask John, how will he rate your job performance on skill one to 10? And now they're like, oh, it's that threat of reference check. They're not going to be issue on that, because what's John actually going to say? And then when I reach out to John, what's he going to say is an area of improvement for yourself. So then you're gonna get, like, more truth to like, how did you actually perform? We will follow up, and we'll ask the references those exact same questions. I just do it via email. I'm not jumping on phone calls unless it's like, six figure person, then I would be willing to do that, get responses from the references. And then from there, I asked the final question, like, if I hire this person, do they raise the bar the entire team or not? Because your team will only rise to the lowest level of competence in your business, whatever you're tolerating as like your lowest team member and their level of performance, that's as far as the majority of your team will rise to. So if you want to level up your business, level up your team and who you're bringing in every day. So that's how we select our management level staff overseas. And that's basically it. So there's, there's, like, the full slides, if you want to, like, dissect all of this, send it to it. EA, great presentation, man. So I.
