Michael Insalaco
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1408:00
Okay, great

Speaker  2192:00
for the few of you that stuck around. This is a really important presentation for some low lying fruit to increase sales, retail sales, specifically proven strategies. Last year sales for my company are Amazon attributed attributes about 99% this year it'll be closer to around 40% on account of growing the business outside of Amazon through traditional retail, but through some non traditional, unorthodox strategies.

Speaker  12906:40
Okay, a couple things about me.

Speaker  14154:40
The typical here went from corporate to e commerce. Created a patent line of products that started selling on Amazon in 2018 in our second year, we reached seven figures. In our third year, we reached eight figures. Oh, no, I'm sorry, that's fourth year. The product line is sleek socket. You may have heard of it. May not have heard of it, but essentially, it's a better mouse trap in terms of an extension cord, which now has an esthetic function, by way of a thin plate for a plug which completely conceals the underlying outlet, so no more messy cords, and esthetically, it's more pleasing and no tripping hazards from Tangled cords. So all right, let's get into it. All of the slides have subject headings, so we don't need to spend time on this. Okay, brick and mortar retail opportunities. Why is this important? Except for the obvious, in expanding places where we can sell Amazon has become increasingly difficult to sell on by way of increased fees. Me, personally, margins by Amazon are between 67 and 70% years ago, I poo pooed traditional retail because it's it's a lot of time. It's an administrative hassle, and the margins at that time were not attractive. Now you can have margins that are superior to Amazon up to 2020 points. And here are some benefits in retail, stating the obvious for some of these bulk sales, selling by the pallet or truckload, fixed return allowances, they tend to be, at least for my business, typically lower than the actual returns on Amazon. So that's attractive. Lower advertising spend, because you're not spending on a daily, weekly basis, but more on a monthly basis, but there's a low spend contribution, which I'll speak to in a couple of moments. Sometimes the shipping costs are much lower if the the retail partner is going to pay for shipping. Two large national retailers we're working with now, as of the last few months, have their own FedEx and UPS accounts, so they just pick up our product from our warehouse on their dime. That's huge. 30 to 60 day payment terms, pretty reasonable, I'll go into in a moment, items that are negotiable, including payment terms, but you can and I am using those receivables to loan against. There's a website here that I list, wholesale central.com, through this website, you can access a whole bunch of distributors, wholesalers, FBA sellers. So if you want to just sell a lot of your product to an FBA reseller, you can do it through finding someone on this website. You can access distribution companies that are specific for your company's niche. Let me see the next one, just a couple of things about the large retailers, some of them, let's say Home Depot, they'll purchase for most or all of their stores, Best Buy you can access, I access Best Buy through a distributor, companies like Ace Hardware, I would try to stay away from co ops. Co Ops are like franchisees. Every store is its own business. And with Ace Hardware, unless you negotiate out of this, you'll have to ship to. Be directly to each store, and that could be costly. I'll speak in a moment about negotiation, but we were able to drive a hard bargain and say to Ace Hardware, you need to buy in bulk and ship it to your own franchisees. We're not going to ship it directly to the stores. So there's essentially a few different models. It's national retailer, and that you access directly other stores you access through distributors. And then there's the co ops, less desirable for of the three costs, unique to brick and mortar, shelf displays. So shelf displays are typically required if you're going to be in a store. You may have the additional cost of hang tabs, that's an absolute pain in the neck, but shelf displays are typically the ask of retailers. That is a cost for us, which is about 12 cents additional per unit. Some stores want an end cap. That is a significant expense, because when you ship these they're very large. You can only ship maybe three or four per pallet, and you have to purchase what's called a shroud, which is essentially a big cover. So that's a cost that you want to try to avoid and go right onto the shelf. Transmittal of POS. You don't just get a PO through email, PDF, but these retailers require a electronic data, data interface, and that's a cost. There's multiple EDI systems, and not surprisingly, they're owned by the retailers, so you have a monthly cost, and then sometimes a per transaction cost per po marketing concessions, we spoke about this shipping prep. Unlike Amazon FBA warehouses, where you'll ship to maybe one warehouse, you'll have to ship to multiple regional distribution centers. Okay? Balancing Amazon with brick and mortar. I'll run through this fast because I really want to get to the action items that are going to help everybody protecting your Amazon business. Really, really important to insist on map pricing. So that's the minimum advertised price. You don't want to give any of the retailers pricing discretion. This is the equivalent of selling to on vendor Central, where you have no control. A couple of retailers we dealt with told us right out of the out of the gate, we don't honor map pricing. We said we're not interested, and then they said, Oh, okay, okay, okay, so map pricing is important. Exclusivity. I know this seems just intuitive, but an obvious but I'll point it out anyway. The same retailer told us that they wanted exclusivity, and that doesn't just mean the whole brand, but they wanted at least one SKU that we weren't selling on Amazon, and they told us what that SKU was going to be, and for a moment, I thought, well, that's actually superior to everything that I'm selling right now. I don't want to be competing with my own products and having inferior products on Amazon. So I pushed back on that, and they eventually gave in, and then there's a the the additional effort and cost of building awareness as it relates to the retailer. So let's say you're on social media and you tag Amazon with hashtags, or at the end of the video, like I do it has a couple of seconds of buy at Amazon. Now you have to build awareness for that retailer, whether it's a hashtag for Home Depot or geo targeting the store locations. I'll talk in a moment on items that you're able to negotiate. But for one of the stores, we did 120 store test. And what we did was we, through social media, geo targeted the 120 stores to kind of put our thumb on the scale for that promotion

Speaker  148800:00
mistakes to avoid

Speaker  149504:00
everything is negotiable. If you have an interested and reasonable buyer, you can reach a reasonable agreement avoid giving a retailer a guarantee of sale. This sounds intuitive as well, but vendor agreements are created by the vendor, and they want you to sign them in their proposed form. Got to push back on this. We did a promotion with Lowe's, and sales were guaranteed, which means at the end of the promotion, whatever we didn't sell, they had to sell back to us, and when they sell it back to us, they charge us more than what we charge them for labor and for shipping and the condition that the product came back. In was largely unsellable, so that was an absolute bust. Avoid providing any exclusivity. We spoke about this store location, if you're lucky, on a test to have input on store location, as we did for a retailer recently. That's important. When we did a test with Lowe's, we left it up to them, and they were sending the test promotion product to rural locations that really weren't a good fit for us. It's a premium product. And for example, they sent our product to like lubbo, Texas, which has more cows than people, and we did, not surprisingly horrible in Lubbock, Texas versus Chicago, New York, all the major metropolitan areas. We killed it and emptied the shelf within a few weeks. Okay, now the interesting or actionable stuff that I think you guys will appreciate. Rep Hunter, this is a website that allows you to build a sales team at no cost. There are largely commission only reps. Some people will charge like a monthly fee. Don't bother working with them. I found some phenomenal reps through this website, and what's really important about it is you can search the database for a certain term. So for me, it would be home decor. You could also search for, let's say, not so much retailers, but end users or buyers. So for example, with my product, I was interested in reaching hotel and hospitality. In that case, they are end users or buyers. They're not looking to resell. So the margin is going to be a lot higher, maybe 2025, 20, 25% discount to the retail, and they're happy. So it's attractive, because I can find buyers of my product that are not the obvious or traditional buyers. You can access distribution. People that have relationships with distribution, what's really important is two fold the reps on this website, they have established relationships with some of the retailers that you want to get into. So a little bit of diligence to peruse the database will pay off another thing. This is like a dating website, where you the matches the reps with us as the sellers. You are permitted to post your own profile so your products, what commissions you are interested in paying a little blurb. Reps will reach out to you. Otherwise, you can reach out to the reps. We also located a rep that had a relationship with the parent company of QVC and HSN, and we were able to get onto Hsn. So one thing that we wasn't even on, yes, how does that work?

Speaker  213733:20
In California, you're not really supposed to have commissioned sales reps. Is because they sell other wines that it's okay.

Speaker  215717:20
I have no idea the legality of commission only, but I've been taking advantage of it for about five years.

Speaker  217893:20
We're based in Houston, the other warehouses,

Speaker  218853:20
Texas a lot better, yeah, but you know, there's no, there's no, you know, it's not a function of where you are, like the database, you can just,

Speaker  222842:40
yeah, no, I totally understand.

Speaker  223914:40
There is a discount on membership. Just use the discount code at the slide deck, but in any event, highly recommend this. Another thing that we found like wasn't even on our radar. Universities and Colleges have bookstores, and they're pretty big stores. There's 4000 of them across the US. And another thing is, like Hudson news. There's the stores in the airports. There's so much interesting resources, not resources, but avenues to sell that you can discover through this database. So this, this has been an absolute boon for us. The ref that we've been working with for a few years. In the last six months, through Him, we partnered with Walmart and Home Depot, it was like $1,000 for each of the two months, more than paid for itself. So I'm a big fan of this website. Highly suggest taking advantage of it. Some of us use Amazon Multi Channel. All fulfillment I do as well. So all of our inventory is sitting at the FBA warehouses. We're paying warehousing fees in order to really take advantage of that. That situation, you can through this website called Go flow, and there's a couple other like channel engine, but basically this website is integrated to a bunch of online marketplaces. So basically, you're going to list your products. Orders will be executed. They'll be routed to go flow. Go flow will then route the order to Amazon MCF, which will fulfill it, generate a tracking number. Ultimately, it'll come back to go flow. Go flow will communicate it to the marketplace. And there's just a ton of marketplaces that go onto the website. You can see all that it's integrated with Macy's, for example, has the same capability as Amazon, with three piece sellers, target as well. Little hard to get into Target, but just by signing up to go flow, which has just a very, very reasonable monthly fee. I don't remember what it is, but it's almost nominal. And then you get access to those marketplaces, and then you're taking advantage of having your inventory sitting at Amazon that you could just push out the door or liquidate.

Speaker  263029:20
Just want to see the slide if there's anything else to mention here.

Speaker  264901:20
Okay, it's completely accident that this slide is up here and that these guys are actually here outside, but boosting sales through affiliated marketers. Is there anyone here that's an influencer by any chance? Okay, great. They're an absolute pain in the ass to work with, and dealing with with them directly is just a bear. So this website has about 4500 influencers that They vetted that work on commission. Sometimes the influences say, oh, I want a flat fee. So what's great about this is they're already vetted, and basically you just sent out requests to them, whether in connection with working with them, asking them to work with you. They the minimum commission is 20% seems high, but what they do is they direct traffic to Amazon, and you have sales that convert through a dedicated URL that levanta will generate, and for every sale, we get a 10% rebate from Amazon. So the net the net commission to the to the influencers, is only 10%

Speaker  284810:40
so this is a this is a great resource. Let me see

Speaker  286506:40
shoppable content. So we've heard a lot this weekend about how great Tiktok is but separately, you can, you can get conversions through shoppable content. So for example, on Pinterest, Facebook, Instagram, you can have a button that when it's clicked, you can have a call to action to actually purchase product. And you know it's better stating the obvious. Again, you're not only building awareness, but you want them to convert without having them leave whatever environment they are they're in. To have to go to Amazon. You can convert on the social channel, selling. Through liquidators. I did this when I had a discontinued SKU. So I had about 12,000 units that I wasn't selling on Amazon anymore, which is sitting in the warehouse. I did not want to sell it on Groupon or any other deal sites, because I thought it would really kind of dilute the brand and wouldn't be a good look, having our brand on deal sites while we have it on Amazon, while at the same time, marketing is as a premium product. So through one of the reps that we met on rep Hunter, we connected to Ollie's, and Ollie's took the whole 11 or 12,000 units. They issue a purchase order. They pick it up on their dime. There's no defective allowance. The margins are much higher. Yeah, I think they want, like, a minimum, 60% discount from retail. But, you know, you just inflate the retail price, and you know, get you'll get a reasonable

Speaker  316106:40
purchase order, amount

Speaker  316922:40
minimum. Okay, so it's on the slide, 60 to 70% off discount. So this is a really good option if you have inventory that you want to unload in ball. Book, and you don't have to worry about allowing defective allowances or returns. Yeah, so, all right, five minutes to go. Does anyone have any questions? Do all your

Speaker  325376:00
retail 100% follow map. I have, I have insisted on map. And the the retailers have, you know, tried to get us to kind of relax a little bit, but they understand. They don't that we don't want to cannibalize our Amazon sales. So no, I'm 100% successful with enforcing map pricing. It's a percentage today.

Speaker  332634:40
How much are your accounts on sales compared to, uh, great

Speaker  333834:40
question. So last year, we're about 99% this year, Amazon will be about 40% the reason for the big swing is these relationships were finalized in q4 and the purchase orders were cut in q1 for delivery in q2 so there's a bit of a lag, of course, but yeah, so I'm really excited to reduce the amount of dependency on Amazon. Diversity the revenue stream. What's the range? Some great, great question should have put in the slides. So some of these reps, like retailers, will go out with their you know, their best proposal, 5% of gross is what they're expecting. I've heard as high as 10% that's laughable. I now, I now get them to agree to four or 5% of net sales. Reason why that's important is if I'm paying commission on gross sales, I'm paying commission on a portion of the sale I will never see, which is about 50% so I prefer to pay a commission on the amount that I will actually receive, and it's a sliding scale. I make it dependent on what the margins are for the retailers. Some retailers like WalMart, we went aggressive, and everything's a trade off. So the margins were better for Walmart, they were interested in making a larger purchase sooner. Initially, they said, We're going to get you in the stores may of 26 their fiscal starts in May. After the proposal, they said, We're going to get you in May 25 and my rep, who I've been working with for a few years, initially, through rep Hunter, he said, you know, I'll well, it really wasn't a choice, but he he was amenable and flexible and understood that 4% of net sales on a larger number is better than 5% of net sales on a smaller number. So everything is negotiable, and if you find the right rep, they should respect that they get paid out of net sales versus gross sales. I may miss this person. Do you hire an agency or some

Speaker  370160:00
kind of consultant now the trial and error?

Speaker  371680:00
Partnering with Walmart was our third go around. So another message is, persistence pays off. Sometimes you don't have the right buyer, they cycle out. So a no today is ultimately a yes. You know, 612, 18 months down the road, you.
