Ben Salem
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Ben, hello, everyone. My name is Ben. I'm the founder of wave block, a company that I started by accident. It was never meant to be a business. I was just looking for a way to protect my kids from radiation during the pandemic, as they were constantly rocking ear buds, having their iPads over their lap and just on Zoom calls. And what I discovered was the solution wasn't there, nothing reduced radiation, nothing worked. And this led to my invention of wave block. You know, when I first started the company, I did not use Amazon. I was scared of Amazon and stayed away from it for two years. Just overwhelmed me. And I'm not from the E commerce world, so this is all brand new to me, but we did well. We did seven figures on the first year, and that was just on Instagram and Shopify. And something that's really exciting is that we just brought on our first investor and our first partner a month ago, Mookie Betts, from the Dodgers. And you guys are the first to know we're actually doing an interview with NBC next week, and then we're going to disclose it to the world. So we're super excited about this, and we'll see where it goes. But let's get to the fun stuff. Okay, so why are emails important? How to get emails and how to grow your email list, and how to make sure they don't bail, right? The key is to keep them. So our goal always with our emails, is to have at least a 70% engagement rate. And our business is not a supplement or a business that gets a lot of repeat, but we figured a way to get those repeat clients, and we're constantly at a 42% customer repeat. And the best part is our business is about 40% does not come from Amazon. Lot of it comes from our emails, and I'll get more into that. Okay, so emails are they're free. It's the cheapest marketing you could do. And besides that, the only thing you're really investing is your creative side. So whoever is the most creative gets the most amount of emails. And remember, when you sell your business one day, your emails and text messages, they're worth something. People are looking putting a value on those as well. And again, you own that data, which is key. So we know exactly, we know exactly who our customers are. We know their ages, we know how many kids they have. We know when they're going to buy, we know when they're going to buy again, and we know what emails are going to forward to their friends and families that will bring in the more emails we have. It down to like a science, and that's really important to us, because so much of our revenue comes from emails. And we look at our business kind of like a wheel, and a wheel has spokes in it, and every spoke is revenue, right? So we have Amazon as one spoke your emails as another spoke your influencers. Another spoke so if one spoke breaks, you still have revenue coming in from your other spokes, right? So we also use we have about 6000 micro influencers, and that's our family. Our micro influencers do everything for us. We have monthly calls with them, and we It's our little army, and we tell them, Hey guys, today we're going to go after emails, or we're going to do whoever could give us the highest gross revenue. This is your message. This is what we want you to do, right? And we give them the messages and we work with them, but we have these calls every month, because the key is, we don't want them to feel like another number. They're our family, and we want to make sure that they get the message, they get the vibe, and we've got to hold their hands. But I would say what's really fascinating is, out of approximately 6000 micro influencers, I would say seven or 800 of them. I would call them the rain makers, they're the ones that really move the needle, right? So it's a big number, but the key is to just keep working with them, keep rewarding them, right? So we like to give them rewards. We like to give the top five rewards and gifts, and sometimes we'll bonus them out of nowhere, but they're the ones that help us create hype every time we have new products, they're the ones that help us get new emails. We just have to guide them. So that's been a game changer as well. So something that we just started doing that's also been great is as free quizzes, quiz giveaway. So I'll give you an example, right example of how much, how much do you ever wonder? How much radiation your body absorbs per day? Do you want to know what your score is? One out of 10. How much radiation does your body get per day? A lot of people, especially mothers, will say, hell yeah, I want to know. What do I need to do? How do I find out? If they answer our questions, we capture. Email, and then most of the times, they'll also forward that to someone else that brings our that generates lots of emails. And again, we have our influence influencers help us push that as well, right? So if our goal is mothers, we'll have mother influencers that are just blasting, blasting, blasting. We also do giveaways. So we've given away e bikes. We've given away scooters just to collect emails. That works really great. All of our emails have a human touch to them, and not only that, but we're not always focused on selling, selling, selling. So we'll send sometimes three, four emails a week, one text message a week. But the goal is to have a lot of educational fun stuff that can help them.

Speaker  92618:40
And

Speaker  93162:40
we don't want them to feel like we're trying to sell them and they're a client, but we want to be like an educational source as well. Another thing that we added, which I wish we would have done a long time ago, is podcasts. Podcasts have been a game changer. So we will find people that we want to do podcast interviews with, and sometimes they will find us, but it's someone who aligns with us. So if we know that 85% of our buyers are mothers, and so we want the podcasts that have the mothers right? Guys don't buy our product as much. They just don't. They just don't care about the stuff, but the mothers care so, so we, we just did, I'll give you an example. We did a podcast interview with a doctor that has a couple million followers. Podcast did really well, and what we, what we did was, I'll show you we, we chopped up the best part of the podcast interview and we put it inside our email. So I'll give you an example. Doctor says, Are people getting less headaches? What's a solution, right? What's a solution? So we'll put that in our subject line, and then we'll put a video of that, and we'll see that convert so quickly, right? Because people like to watch videos and not read. But we'll also put in the subject line. Watch video. Now I'm going to get back into that. I'm not showing you a sample, but this is, this is my secret sauce, and I wish someone would have taught me this. If you guys know this, this is amazing. I just No one told me about this, but this has been incredible. So what we do is we'll partner up with a company that has the same kind of followers that we have, again, mothers, kids, right? So what we did was, please take good notes, because you're going to make fu money if you follow this. This is serious. This is going to be the best part. So we partnered up with a company that does a Disneyland giveaway, and in that giveaway. They're doing free lodging, flights, food, the whole thing for the whole family, right? Whole trip paid to Florida. So I participated. I paid $10,000 and in return, I also get those emails, about 30,000 emails with permission, right? So now we get those, we get up, we have all those emails. And what I do is I do a test email. So I'll start with like, 2500 at a time, and I'll drizzle it and the first email would be so sorry that you guys lost the Disney giveaway, but we have something for you. Boom. We just got them. We see if that email converts. If that email converts, boom. Copy paste, copy paste, copy paste. Let's go. After all, 30,000 now these emails are just huge. Because you see our Instagram account grow, you see our emails grow. We get so many new followers, and we'll see that 5x return, 10x return, great. Who cares about the money? That's not the exciting part. The exciting part is, I have those clients. I know when those clients are going to buy again, and they're going to buy for years that's worth gold, and by the way, the margins are amazing. These margins are sexy, but way better than Amazon, right? So this has been a game changer for us. So here is an example. This is Dr Josh ax. He did a podcast interview with me. We probably had about it went viral. We had about 800,000 views on this. It brought in about 15,000 in revenue for a couple weeks, 75% open rate, and we got so many brand new clients that never knew about us, but this guy, he meshes with us. This is our vibe, right? We found our guy. So the key is, who else are we going to work with that's similar to him? We know who our we know who our clients are, and that's all because of our emails, right? This works really great. This is fun. So we always want clients to buy more than one product, more than two products, right? So for example, here we said, hey, you left your body and your head unprotected from EMF. Like, what do you do? You covered and protected parts of your other body, but what about the rest of your body? Right? This always converts them, and they always forward this to, like, family and friends too. So that's a good one, too. I. Subject line, the hidden cause of your headaches and how to fix it. People love this. People also love anytime you put in your subject line a question, it converts so it could be a question, or it could be something like John no longer has body aches and fatigue. Read his review, watch his video. So we have all these amazing reviews that we constantly reuse and reuse and reuse of people saying, You changed my life. This is amazing. I never even knew this was a problem. So we want to brag about that as well. But that's really it. Does that make sense? Anyone have any questions?

Speaker  171850:40
What do you how do you suggest

Speaker  172826:40
you don't have any email marketing anyway? If you don't have any email marketing, any automated

Speaker  173994:40
photos, let's just say you're starting from zero. Do you suggest working in an agency? You suggest hiring somebody in house? What's the best way to jumpstart your email marketing campaigns and flows? Yeah, I think it's worth the money to hire like a really small agency that will focus on you, and there's no language barrier, right? And that really understands. Give you an example. I hired an agency in there where males don't work. It's never gonna work. They just, they just, they just don't get it. Our brand is more female based. The colors are female. Everything is female based, right? So then I found mothers that care about this product, and I said, Well, you guys are gonna be the best email team and text messaging team, and you really make sure they get the vibe, so we have calls with them every week so they really feel it right. And that's the key. And I am. I don't trust anyone with my emails and my messaging, so I review every email once a week, and I actually just put in chat, GPT, nice, and I write subject lines not catchy enough. Our clients are this, this, this, and this. Give me five options, and I send it back to them and say, please use that, and that's really the secret sauce. But I would start as fast as you can. It's a no brainer. Are you using the same templates over and over again? No, the team that I hired, they have a bunch of different templates. They do our text, they do our emails and but I give them the vibe like, these are the pictures I want, and then I will have our influencers give them photos. So many influencers, we could tell our influencers, let's focus on babies. This month, we're focusing only on babies or women that are have a baby that's due, right? And we we have a vision and the image, and we just go, but it's never too late to start. Just go, yeah, go ahead. We could have negotiated

Speaker  203317:20
a large podcast. They've reached out to us. What's the best way to

Speaker  206506:40
negotiate? Because they want to do a lot of big role, memberships, affiliates. What's your experience? I can

Speaker  208234:40
tell you where I made a mistake. Take our mistakes. Give

Speaker  209376:00
you a perfect example, like we had that podcast that did very well, so well, and I want to keep repurposing, and I want to keep using that stuff. And now they came back to me and they said, you could chop up our stuff, you could use our stuff, but you're going to give us $3,000 for every month that use our stuff. If we catch you using our stuff without we're going to come after you. But I you know, but I only had that I was in the fine print that could only use their stuff for two months. So watch out for that. Yeah, I don't know about white label. I've never done it the white label like they never done it. Yeah, you know what I would do? I would do, instead of giving someone a monthly retainer, just negotiate with them and say, how about I give you 15% rev share, 10% rev share, so it's contingent so you're not just being a monthly fee. Yeah. Go ahead.

Speaker  226288:00
Yeah, I could give you a couple referrals afterwards. Sure. Yeah, giveaway

Speaker  227696:00
like, is that a specific company?

Speaker  228992:00
Go to Instagram and start typing in giveaways. And then look at, look at how many followers they have, look at their engagement, make sure it's real. And then just call an interview, interview them, and, you know, ask about their emails. How many emails do they usually get on the average? It's pretty awesome. So 10 Kat for that. One done. 30,000

Speaker  235429:20
I got 30,000 emails from $10,000

Speaker  236218:40
and but the clients that we got forever is huge.

Speaker  238794:40
Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Maybe.

Speaker  240000:00
Do you believe that it's a price point for the product?

Speaker  241504:00
My price point is only $40 right? And I'm trying to get them to buy two or three. But I think, I think anyone who has a I don't even have a subscription business, so my model is not as sexy as everyone else's model. So if it works for me, I think it worked for anyone Yeah,

Speaker  246981:20
email landing pages, or where people opting

Speaker  247445:20
in, like on Shopify,

Speaker  248661:20
or is it just a pop up?

Speaker  249477:20
So on Shopify, we have a bunch of rules to capture emails, then the influencers also have landing pages that we'll use, and on the Instagram, we have the landing pages as well, but we'll have landing pages everywhere. Yeah,

Speaker  253290:40
yeah. What percent of sales are coming from these influencers versus the emails?

Speaker  255034:40
I know the hybrid, I could tell you it's 40%

Speaker  255978:40
comes from

Speaker  256624:00
organic, just organic, micro influencers and emails. 40% of our business. What commission Do you offer? Okay, in the beginning, if you want to ramp something up and you want to build hype and you want, let's say it's a brand new Tiktok account or something. You need it, I'd give them 50% commission. I don't care 60% commission because they see that, and now they want to work with you, right? And once it's warmed up, we'll do 15, 15% rev share on everything. Thank you. Yes.
