4. Jan Krapp
Date: June 06, 2025

Speaker  00:00
John, okay, guys, I want to talk about optimization today. In our business, we like to keep things simple. So I don't have any fancy black hair, gray hair stuff. We focus on making money and yeah, about me? Husband, father of two beautiful children. I'm living in Cyprus, so pretty far away, we are doing like 55 million in revenue. 25 people. I'm in the game since 2016 work in sales from Mercedes Benz before that. Why I'm cool, great family. I love what I'm doing. I still like it a lot.

Speaker  13354:40
I can work where I want, when I want, and sell great products on Amazon. And we were making really good money before terrorists. It's yeah. I like, yeah,

Speaker  18080:00
you're Nazi, but I like

Speaker  18784:00
it, yeah, absolutely. Well, I come through the club, right? So the power of product optimization, we especially now with the terrorist camp. Coming in, usually, our growth strategy is launching new products, and we always worked on optimization, but especially in the past months, we have nailed down optimization and got way more active. There's so much money in it and split testing things, what we always we did it, but not enough. So I want to show you an example where we made a really nice change and we thought we had a good product already. So this product is selling for six months, and we have made tests before, like seven tests, main images, lifestyle images, product title, we thought we had a pretty well optimized product. And this change that we did, I'll show it in a minute, got the product on a different level. So after the change, units went up from 28 to 40, we are making, like, $170 more in Daily Profit. All numbers went up. That's a product in home decor, and that's just a screenshot. On the top left is what the image stack was before. And we had actual lifestyle shots in the home really solid images. And like I said, we did some tests before, and now we're getting spring, and we thought like we were testing something and put the product outdoor. And this changed completely. The results, basically. So we're making now almost $200 more per day than before we do all our tests. I don't use the tools like in Tel Aviv or PickFu. We just throw them on Amazon and see what sales do. Basically, do we go out versus competition or not, and if we suck, we change it back immediately. What do you think it typically takes? Like, a week? I mean, you see it. If you look at the BSR and the node, for example, you see it within a day or two, especially the good ones and the bad ones, you get the result right away. If it does nothing, we either keep it or we change it back. But the issue I have with the Amazon testing, whatever it takes a week or two weeks to gather the information, it's very accurate. It's good, but it takes a long, long time, and this just allows us to test quickly, quickly. And I can do five tests in two weeks. Basically, which images are the old images, the old images on the top, and yeah, the new ones are on the bottom, basically the green ones. And we just do a screenshot, save it so we know what we did. And, yeah, that's it. So pretty simple.

Speaker  65760:00
Again, it's

Speaker  66512:00
the product. It's lanterns, so it's decorated. It's a decorative product that you put into the home, on the coffee table, or people like to put it out as well. And some of these images are AI generated, so it's you can do them so quick, like a day or two, and you get these and you just test. So what's the approach? It's like coming up with new product ideas. Obviously, you check the competition, but usually, if you do the same stuff like the competition, you won't improve. So what we do is especially for these products. But let's say you sell linen sheets or whatever. Go to Pinterest, you see all these fancy brands, Pinterest, Instagram, and they have. These great images there, and they put a lot of thought into it, skew their ideas, test it. Yeah, it's all out there. So we rarely come up with something completely new. It's there and you get inspiration. So it needs to be someone that has, like a creative mind, like a design, or someone that that person has to look into into this. And the person should have solid esthetics, so really know what's going on, basically. And then also that person picks these stock images or generates them, do the Photoshop and just test, upload them. The worst case, it doesn't work. You change it back. You didn't lose much. So it's very simple. It's almost too easy, but you just look at the numbers, and the numbers will tell you what to do, yeah, so, and this will make us basically additional $60,000 profit on one product. And the funny thing is, we made already $400 profit with this product per day, and this was more than expected. So naturally you get lazy and think like that, that's a good product. I don't need to work on it a lot, but then you're leaving a lot of money on the table. So especially the ones that are solid, tested, try to get it even better. Now we'll be getting all the bonuses. We get better rankings, we and this is not even factored, and we are just able to rise the price 10% and nothing slowed down, basically. So this is the key, basically, to offset some of the tariffs. You do. You optimize the product better, and you can charge a higher price. There's another example we are selling. These are failboard panels. All the competitors have the left image basically as main image. And you put them together, and it's like this one, pretty big, like a huge cork board. And we did a lifestyle image and put it into into the main image. It's against Amazon's tos. But who gives a fuck? The worst thing is basically someone reports you. You need to remove it, and you've got the same image like the other ones. So just this chain justice change from 15 to 35 one day. So we use these kind of decorated main images a lot. Again, I come to bed sheets. Decorate your bed. I have a nice bedroom in the back. Basically

Speaker  121893:20
you're selling the dream and the outcome of like, if you buy this, your home could look like this, yes, and people buy into

Speaker  123866:40
it, yeah. No one likes plain white main image on Instagram. But people like these, like the indoor decoration, no. So most powerful, most movement you got, you get from the main image. Basically, that's where you should spend most time of your testing. And the next things are the lifestyle images. So like slot 234, these are the ones to test. Everything else we do, titles and stuff, but it's peanuts versus main image and lifestyles. And then we just look at the numbers. Like I said, profit decides unit sold, decides if we continue or not. No tools needed for that. You just do a screenshot, and you check in next day, you check in in the evening, see how things going. And a key is try to make a change that makes a difference. So not just change the angle very slightly, try to be creative and make a powerful change, something completely different, and then go, like I said, on these platforms, Instagram and Pinterest, and do your research and get inspiration. Another thing, personal taste doesn't matter. Many times I thought like, Okay, this change won't help and screw you. It helped a lot. Customer will tell you if he likes it or not. So keep testing, even if it looks weird, sometimes you get surprised. Our struggle with this is the missing consistency. So the challenge is, you're not successful every single time. You're not successful every second time you do 10 tests and two go well. So if you fail 15 times in a row, you get demotivated and you test less. But one of these winners can change a lot, and this also gives inspiration for other products, so it carries through.

Speaker  157514:40
So this is something you can do immediately. You get instant rewards and an exceptional ROI. We have been lazy. Okay, but this is now our priority. Like I said, we have done mainly new products, and that's where we're growing fastest, but now with tariffs in places, slowing down. So that's our new focus. Basically, we want to optimize the hell out of our products and just keep testing a bonus value add. Most of our products are made in China, and we have a broad range like, like I said before, home decor, office, paper, storage, everything, like 50 different products. We started making contacts with suppliers in other countries when Trump got elected and we had some backup suppliers. And now, the past four weeks, we went really aggressive in reaching out to every kind of people, just making contacts, writing emails, calling people. And it's slow, it's difficult. It takes time. We're getting something back now. We're finding factories here and there, and it's a small amount compared to what you have in China, but we are able to make some contacts and find factories, and we get good prices in Vietnam and India. The best thing is to have people on the ground in these countries. So I sent my two Chinese sourcing agents to this Vietnam flair. We got, like, factories for five different products, and we got some good prices already. Again, it's slow, but we're getting there. So if you don't want to have all your eggs in one basket, we want to become an international sourcing company now. And luckily, I have people as well that I can send into every country. My one girl said, I'm not feeling comfortable flying to India. I'm sure if I'm safe here. Okay, I told her I'm paying a bodyguard for you. No worries. Then you go with that guy, and then she goes cheap there, yeah, absolutely, like we doing rocks and stuff, and it's like 50% of China prices. Wow, they're not

Speaker  192682:40
That's it short and simple. I like it. Any questions, what tool are you using for AI, lead

Speaker  196192:00
generation? I don't actually know. Some of our design team. I think it's the Photoshop tool they have, yes, I mean, proof show me something. So the best program is called

Speaker  199461:20
ideogram.

Speaker  199973:20
You said runway or something,

Speaker  200309:20
runway. She used to make videos. So she uses ideogram to make the AI imagery. She then feeds that imagery into runway in order to turn it into an AI generated video. And it's really

Speaker  204954:40
good. And I did the test. You said you use chatgpt. I use a sample image of our product, like just that. Kat, basically, yeah, I did chatgpt In two minutes. I got perfect lifestyle I made.

Speaker  209008:00
I did it for a friend to show him in Luma how easy it was. And I just he had sent me like a photograph of his packaging. I made a 3d rendering like that with a white background, perfect. Yeah, that has to change. And then I had him put it in all these lifestyle images. And you could create a whole image stack, and then you just take those AI imagery and put whatever copy you want. If you want to make infographs out of it, it's like so

Speaker  216005:20
you don't have to take

Speaker  217237:20
image models work better.

Speaker  219253:20
Lifestyle. Do you too, speak for that, into right, smaller products, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  221690:40
And pick who that stuff you don't like. Is that because it's like, wrong sometimes it says this,

Speaker  223098:40
I don't think those are ever right, because, like, not actually getting like, people purchasing it, you're just like, saying they like that better. And that's like, just very much not the same thing. Like, you have to test it live with

Speaker  226656:00
sales. Yeah, it is the old business, I agree. So we use it for new designs, where we split test and think, okay, which design is actually better? But for image content, like I said, actual buyers, they are not thinking when they are buying, but these people that are testing, they think so they behave differently. It gives you it gives you an idea, but it could be completely different, and this gives you an immediate result, like within days as well. So why going to this tool, having maybe wrong numbers? I don't want

Speaker  235429:20
to best seller, you know, yeah,

Speaker  236906:40
yeah, like a weaker product that's doing something, yeah, yeah. We are careful as well, so we're not taking our hero acing and. Go crazy, yeah, but a weaker product, yeah.
