Jabran Niaz
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1552:00
Hi everyone. Real quick. I'll be quick, by the way. So we started Utopia deals 14 years ago. We are top five seller at Amazon. Five years ago, I started my own manufacturing called Utopia industries, where we manufacture most of our stuff. I have lot of passion in product design. We have launched in last 14 years more than 10,000 SKUs and all design in house. Just a quick overview, we have lifetime sales of 4 billion, annual revenue of seven 50 million. Within our manufacturing, we have 15,000 employees, one 16 million units, lifetimes over 36 million annual units sold 10,000 plus

Speaker  16122:40
scales. So we sell we sell bedding, we sell bed sheets, pillows, mattress protectors, comforters, bed linens, plastic products, cookware products, Apple some outdoor categories, some of the smaller categories I didn't mention, but these are our major categories. Well, I only have two slides, so I'll talk about Tiktok. I think for many years, we have been trying to diversify from Amazon, because that's where, like, until last year, 99% of our sales were coming from. We have tried everything that came up, like in last 10 years, and then we gave up. Like, we tried Walmart, we tried jet.com, we tried eBay, we tried Shopify. Nothing worked. And I was talking for like many years like, only focus on Amazon and don't do anything else. But lately, like we have seen, like last couple of years, like the E commerce market is truly changing for for good, which is good for sellers. For example, due to the introduction of sheen, Amazon have lowered their referral fee for to, like, under 5% they almost like doing a break even on Apple now, and that's a big win for sellers. Like, when there are more marketplaces, it puts pressure on Amazon, and then you get lower referral fee, better deals, better commission and less competition, because right now, you only have one good platform to sell, and Walmart doesn't do as good as they claim. I mean, we have tried Walmart a lot, and we sell them. So three months ago, we launched in parallel to multiple platforms. We in parallel. We tried to launch on Walmart, Target, Sheen team, Tiktok, Shopify, eBay at the same time, and we just put lot of energies there. So in last five months, in Tiktok, we Tiktok is probably the far best platform we have seen among all of them. We have seen in five months, almost $2 million in sales. I think it has a potential to do we are at a run rate of like, considering our growth and other things, and based on our peak sales, we did almost 2000 units a day, almost 40, $40,000 a day sales when we had good inventory. Now we are little lower inventory, which we are, which will be live back soon. So I think we are on track to do 12 million on Tiktok, which still will be like 2% of our Amazon revenue, but account of our size. Doing 2% diversification in a year is a big but I think over time, we can make it more like five to 10% diversification. The other big platform we liked after Tiktok is Teemu temu. We have seen like we did, like much slower than Tiktok, but I think that the benefit with the Timu is, is slightly slow, is less viral than Tiktok, but it can give you the consistency. So you are selling one item 10 units a day the next day, you can also sell 10 units a day, versus in Tiktok, if, even if you have 1000 units a day, you don't have inventory to support that. So you can't actually utilize that viral effect. No one have unlimited inventory. So the Timu is more like Amazon, but they have better discounts, better Better Shipping discounts that you can use. And I think the key of selling in all these non Amazon platform is you have to build your own pick and pack operation, or have to use third party so there are discounts you can get with the carriers like FedEx, UPS on track and others and USPS, and you can actually beat FBA price. So there is a myth that you cannot beat FBA price. You can beat FBA price in many different products, and depends the type of the product, but in many products you do. And if you are doing Merchant Fulfilled by Amazon, it's so it's $3 more. Then, of course, you are so far in profitability that you cannot work. So, so, so we thought about using Walmart fulfillment center, Tiktok fulfillment center, but there's a downside that if you send your inventory, there's no good way to get it back, or if some products doesn't perform, because all these platforms are challenged. Changing. So one good approach could be that you have you manage your own inventory, and then you sell on all these platforms so that you have a single place where you hold all your inventory. You may not get all the incentives. Some of them still gives you, like two to $3 incentive per sale. The other challenge you will have is Amazon Buy Box. Concerned that, because all these platforms will ask you to show your Amazon listing and what price you're offering on Tiktok or team one, it has to be lower. But if, as soon as you do that, Amazon will take away your buy box. And I think the way we think, the way we solve this problem is by using completely different content and UPC, so even if your product is similar in your brand owner, you have completely different listing that just describes your product in completely different way. Don't share a single title or an image or even a lifestyle image between the listings, even we have separate folders for them. So for example, if I want to make one product live on Tiktok and my photo shoot is not done, I'm going to wait two weeks to get the new photo shoot done and use that. Okay? So other, other thing we have done is we have set up our own manufacturing five years ago in the Trump first era, that didn't give us much benefit, but now 90% stuff is being manufactured there. So the one technique we use is that we use our own manufacturing. It improves our supply chain. We don't have to deal with three to 400 Chinese supplier. It's a one big factory that makes everything. It makes distribution easy, consolidation easy, and of course, now we have a big tariff advantage. That's all from my side.

Speaker  106581:20
My e commerce team is about 400 people.

Speaker  107882:40
How many people in the factory? 15,000 how many in the US,

Speaker  109770:40
other than the warehouse workers? Maybe three,

Speaker  112138:40
including me,

Speaker  112928:00
right? And so do you manufacture just for yourself?

Speaker  113968:00
We used to just manufacture for ourselves, but now we are 10% diversified. We hope to do 5050, in three years.

Speaker  116560:00
You have a brick and mortar retail component to your business. We

Speaker  117440:00
are adding that now, yes, we are, we are built. We are hiring a team for sales, but it's going to do the work for both manufacturing and and the brands.

Speaker  120453:20
In terms of team who, you know, I try to get sit up there, and there are all kinds of like, price controls and back and forth and price controls. How did you like ever like solve that? Because it seemed like it seemed like it was just like an endless process that I could just never get approved.

Speaker  123642:40
You have to offer the lower prices than Amazon, and you have to show the difference. And for that if, again, if your shipping cost is lower and they give you, like, $2 $3 incentive, then you can probably beat Amazon price.

Speaker  127194:40
I've tried it just like, there's just like, some kind of like hurdle. They're just like, not approve

Speaker  128640:00
anything. We didn't face that challenge. Yeah. So do you use the different brand name for T moon? Same brand name, same brand name, branding, it's just different. So we have one, one set of content for Amazon exclusive and one set of content that we use across other platforms. You change up secret? Yes, yes, yes, we use different UPC course, of course, that's most important.

Speaker  134165:20
Do you do that? You do the different photo galleries because you think Amazon is is checking and scraping, or you just want to offer a different, a unique offering on each platform.

Speaker  136885:20
So we believe that Amazon is definitely looking for UPCS. But the other thing they can do is manually compare your images. They have no legal, logical way to actually compare the products. If they are, if they look different, and they're not going to physically check your inventory, they're not going to make order on Tiktok and compare with their order. So, so I don't think they can go that far. So if you

Speaker  142458:40
have two different GPCs, then your inventory is two different sets. You have Amazon specific and everything else. Yes,

Speaker  144234:40
sorry, sorry, it could be the same inventory. It's just that you use different UPCS for two different platforms. So like, when you ship it out, you just slap on the UPC button. No, we don't use UPC codes. We use fnsk Use so we don't put UPC on our products. Kat,

Speaker  148479:59
here's some super competitive stuff, categories and, like, kind of commodified stuff. So and you're always like, 20% below everybody. So how do you think of unit economics, tacos, ads in general, like Kat.

Speaker  151637:19
So we are super, super lean. We have our own logistics, we have our own software, we have our own manufacturing. We spend very low on marketing. So that builds a lot of margin for offering lower price. You.
