Women of MDS Monthly Call
Date: September 25, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Ones. I haven't been to San Diego one yet, so I'm in Orange County now, but I'm moving this weekend, so I'll be, I may be closer to the LA one. I'm not sure yet, so we'll see. Yeah, where are you going? Like, I'm moving up to Azusa by,

Speaker  4336:00
yeah, yeah, that's far. They're up, right?

Speaker  4960:00
So it's probably, it might be closer to go to the LA chapter.

Speaker  5637:20
Probably, yeah, definitely,

Speaker  6245:20
yeah. Oh,

Speaker  6549:20
good, when you move into

Speaker  7429:20
like now, oh, yeah.

Speaker  8725:20
So you got nothing going on,

Speaker  9173:20
nah, not much. All

Speaker  10165:20
right, we have some people joining. Well, we're really lucky. So I know some of you, Sharon, you went Dana, spent a lot of time doing a lot of really cool things last week in Seattle, and I can't wait to hear more about it. There's lots going on. Mesi, did you go to last week to Seattle?

Speaker  15146:40
I am in the car, and I can barely hear you like, it's already like, super dark story, and my son is sleeping in the back. But I think you asked me a question. I just heard my name.

Speaker  18192:00
Did you go to Seattle last week?

Speaker  18768:00
No, no, no, no. But I'm really eager to hear the feedback. How it was I only heard the things about it awesome joining I just go mute so I don't pick him.

Speaker  22213:20
No worries. All right, you want to just jump in. I can just, I don't want to. I know some people went to besides me, so I just the idea was just to share some of the highlights of what they were kind of was about for those who didn't go, and, you know, those who did go, for us to kind of chat about it really quick, um. So, my biggest takeaways was we met with a, W, D, so we So just real quick about me. So I run the women's group with Jennifer. I'm the head of I don't know what I'm head of events, or something like that. I don't remember my formal title, but we kind of do it together along with someone else. So what, what I was asked you today is just kind of summarize what we kind of went over in Seattle, what we experienced, etc. We experience it from two perspectives. One, we have our own businesses on Amazon, but we also have, we have an agency and a consulting firm, so we actually manage accounts in different categories. So, so we had all kinds of different seller seller cafes. I spent time in the sandbox a lot, which I'll explain what that is, if you don't know what that is. And then the opening session, some of the classes, as well as meeting with different people from Amazon. So couple of the key meetings we wanted to have. One was we had a meeting with a WD, and we wanted to know we have a couple of clients as well as ourselves, who use a WD and FDA FBA, excuse me. And last fourth quarter, Amazon warehouse distribution was really dysfunctional, and we couldn't get inventory transferred from a WD into FBA during, like the deal days in October and during November and stuff. And we had lots of problems with it, so they kind of seemed to gotten their act together in January. So we asked them how they were going to be in the fourth quarter, and they basically advised us not to depend on a WD at all for the fourth quarter. So they basically said, if you have stuff in Amazon warehouse distribution right now, you should be shipping it into FBA. Now. They said that they were kind of getting their act together in January. But then when with Chinese New Year ending and all the tariffs coming, people started massively shipping into a WD in like February, March timeframe, and kind of made them like they just don't have another enough space in a WD, so they're building two. They have five facilities. They're building two more. They didn't know if then those two are not at capacity or fully running yet. So they anticipated fourth quarter was going to be awful. So like I said, they recommended, if you have stuff in a DVD, get it into FBA. And then, if you're gonna ship during the fourth quarter, after October 1, ship into FBA directly. And then, of course, the just what we've learned and they confirmed, is you're much better to ship into ups, into ba come October 1, you're better to ship UPS shipments, because they get received and put in. If you ship in pallets or shipping trucks, you could sit on the dock for four weeks, five weeks, it won't be fun. So that's just a heads up on shipping. Not sure how everybody's shipping is going, but that's just a head up. Heads up from that perspective. The other thing that they're doing is they're controlling the capacity limits much more in FBA and in a W D, because they know, because a W D is dysfunctional, people are going to be pushing to move stuff into FBA. So just watch your limits as well from that perspective. So it's just some of the stuff on shipping. I don't know if anybody heard anything else, but that's what we got from meeting with our AWD people.

Speaker  80480:00
Did I hear you, right? Dana, you're saying it's better to ship via UPS than

Speaker  81440:00
Yes, truckloads, correct? Okay?

Speaker  82320:00
Because the truckloads so it depends on what you got to ship, right? So if someone's shipping, you know, 500 each of something, depending on the case backs, whatever, shipping UPS will be received much faster in the fourth quarter than any other methodology. It depends on what you're doing. If you're shipping a truckload, the truck could sit on the docks. What they'll do is they unload the pallets, but the pallets are not checked in

Speaker  88869:20
mesi had a question. She says, so getting out of a WD to FBA will be also an issue in q4 not just shipping to a W D correct.

Speaker  91194:40
The biggest issue, it's not you will not have an issue shipping into a WD. They said you're going to have an issue shipping from a WD into FBA. So if you are not loaded in FBA right now, you should be loading your FBA right now. That's what they told us when we met with them. So not sure if everybody's business model. Not sure if that works for everybody. But it was FBA. It was a WD. Directly we met with and they told us the fourth quarter was going to be really difficult, difficult to move product from a WD into FBA and to not depend on a WD to fulfill your FBA. That was the exact sentence they said to us.

Speaker  102325:20
They probably also just want to keep the FBA fees.

Speaker  103397:20
And I don't necessarily think that's true. Mesi, because we we ran into big problems. Last year. We could not get our clients a WD stuff released into into FBA for the holidays. So we ran into problems last last fourth quarter, so we experienced it firsthand, which is why we went and asked them, kind of, if they got their act together or not. Thanks.

Speaker  109978:40
Thanks for that update. We also had very big issues last year with that, so it's, it's good to know, yeah, thank you.

Speaker  112106:40
I'm having issues right now, moving, it takes forever. Moving. I'm having issues right now, moving shipment from a W, D to

Speaker  114768:00
Yep, taking forever. Yeah, not surprised, because it's remember, deal days are, like, you know, 10 days away. So not surprised. Remember, deal days are the seventh and eighth. So people, everybody's doing stuff right to get ready for deal days.

Speaker  118341:20
So not surprised.

Speaker  119237:20
So we, we met, we met with FBA, one of the manager at the meeting, and that when we were eating lunch, and he said, if you have a full truck and it's floor loaded, and it's what they call it, live, deliver offload, because they can offload the boxes onto the conveyor belt. So that's the only way, if you floor load for truck load, not in pallets. In pallets, they will need someone to move the pad, but if you floor load it, it's live offload, right?

Speaker  131552:00
And to get someone to floor load a truck

Speaker  132544:00
is impossible, impossible. Yeah, okay,

Speaker  133632:00
but yeah, thanks for sharing that. That's, uh, that is true. Because, remember, that's all robotics. So that's what the problem is. So when it's a truck called chips with pallets, they may go in and pull the pallets, they may just leave the truck there. Because, remember, people just drop the truck, the engines leave, and then they could sit there for six weeks before they unload it. Or what we've seen them do in the past is they'll pull all the pallets off and the pallets to sit, and then they have to break them, and then someone has to feed them into the thing. But that may be a new business model for somebody to learn how to floor, like a business opportunity to get a three PL that floor loads truck so that they can truckloads can be shipped in and go into the FBA.

Speaker  144416:00
If people are desperate, that's the only way, right?

Speaker  145984:00
Exactly, and it's and they only get desperate like three times a year, right? Prime Day, Fourth Quarter. And, you know, deal day. So it's really like four months a year out of the 12 people get desperate to ship in, right? Couple other things. So the big so I've been to every accelerate since they started. They started on the phone, virtually, and then, you know, after covid, they went in person. So I've been to all of them. The virtual ones were okay, the first one, when we first started going there in person, four years ago, it was it was astonishing. There was so much energy and so exciting and just inspiring to be there. I always felt that way. I did not feel overly inspired this year. It felt like to me, and this is my personal experience, and I did come from corporate America, so I have a little bit of background in knowing, like, just how the nuances can change. It felt like they didn't have a lot to announce. It was like they had the meeting. It's been a churning year. They wanted to do the meeting, but like, they didn't have as many like exciting things to announce as they normally do. They basically shared that their next five to 10 year strategy is all about AI, and they're dabbling across the board and how to figure out, I think it's so monumental, given the size of them and all of their systems to figure out how to use AI across their systems, right? So they're, you know, that's huge, multi year projects to, you know, to integrate AI into everything that they do, right? So they did introduce, obviously, they have the AI assistants. A lot of people should have seen that on their accounts already. It's like a little AI assistant that's there. It doesn't do a lot, but they talked about, they're working on introducing the next evolution of the AI assistant, and that it will the idea is that the goal, their vision, I heard, was that it will be more specific to your account. So the idea is, like, you know, I think their 10 year Jetson plan is like, to be like, good morning. Jennifer, I was reviewing this in your account today, and I observed these three things, would you like me to do anything about this? First one, here's your options, like, where it almost would like, manage your account for you. You know, like, almost like, do you to just like, be the brains of your account. I mean, I think that's part of what their vision is for this AI, Assistant bot thing. Obviously, it's gonna take a long time to get there. You know, they said it's their five to 10 year plan. This generative AI, couple of the things that are so the next iteration of that will be soon. They didn't say when. Again, they didn't give any dates for anything. And so it was kind of like, here's what we're working on. But like, is that January? Is that next July? Not very specific on the dates? The one thing that looked really cool that I'm excited about that is this, this creative AI module, which is where, if you have a rendering of your product, so let's say it's this can and you have a beautiful rendering of it, you would take that main image on a white screen, and then you could create a 15 second video. So what it would do is this creative studio would go in, and they would go read all of your bullet points and all of your description of the product and everything you have in your account on this, you know, this San Pellegrino lime, you know, spritzer, and then they would create a video. So basically, they're going to take it and they're going to put it in lifestyle pictures, and they're going to create stills, because the videos that work for advertising are 15 seconds or less, no words, music that matches the images, but the flash of the images that basically convey the story. So it was cool. They did it with, like a waterproof jacket. And, you know, it showed, like the waterproof jacket with the with the water beaded on it, and they showed the person hiking in the woods and and so they showed the stills, and then it made this video. But like, you could nuance it and give information and nuance it. So that may be really cool. We haven't had a chance to play with it yet, but that was the one thing that I think is coming sooner rather than later. That I think would be really cool. They have other things like write your bullets. Like, if you have a new product, it'll the AI will write your bullets and write your keywords and do other stuff. We've tested a bunch of it ourselves, and it's, um, it's kind of written for someone who's never been on Amazon and who decided to wake up this morning and sell something on Amazon, it doesn't it's not sophisticated. It's like first round in our experience. But I can't speak for anybody else. That's a lot of the AI stuff. The other thing was, they said that they have heard the Amazon community and the fact that their default when we've tried 800 things and gone to customer service or account health 800 times to fix something in the listing, like the title doesn't appear right, but it's right in the back end, or there's a glitch in the ounces, or this, whatever, their answer always, at the end of the day is to delete the listing and relist it. That's always what we all get told they put as big, they made this huge thing in the general session that said, we're going to get rid of the Delete and relist like their goal in life of this particular group is that they're going to empower everybody to not have to delete and relist when that's happening, how they're going to do that, what that plan looks like. No details shared. But the idea was they were just trying to share the idea that they heard everybody loud and clear, that the fact that that's the default when anything goes wrong in a listing. They hurt everybody. Because obviously when you do that, you take a risk on your reviews, you take a list on other things happening, and it's a pain, obviously, right? So there's basically a whole group of people working on all the 100 little things a day that we need to contact support for that we're not empowered to fix. So their idea is that they're going to try to fix all of that. And they just said that generally. So again, that's what I mean by like. It was like they introduced a lot of things they're going to fix, but no dates or times or when or how, or any of that stuff. It's almost like confirmation that they hear they heard everybody. They're changing some stuff with the returns. It was kind of interesting. There they again. They use this particular tent company that they created where they said, like the tent was scuffed, and then there was a little mark on one of the polls as an example. So customer, like in the past, you'd have, you only have the option of giving a full refund and having him return it. So what you can do, which is a pain for customers, what you could do is something like that you would give a partial return, like, give them 20 bucks off to say, oh, sorry. Esthetically, it's whatever, it still works, but it's you know, or like, say, a button was off of something. Or, depending on what you sell. So they're going to do that for returns. The other big thing was the returns that the other big thing they mentioned in the labeling was they're trying to put together something in the shipping where, and maybe someone else heard more about this than I did where. You know how you a lot of times, you know, you do your you have your UPC code on your product. So if I just sold this as a single my UPC codes on here so it gets scanned, whatever. But I'm going to put it in a case pack, right? So each case pack has to have an Amazon label, and then each palette has to have an Amazon label, so they're trying to do it so we don't have to Amazon label things. So that the idea is, like, if your UPC code was on the outside of that box that said, you know, there's, you know, 20 in the box, that it's your UPC code, that that you could just use your UPC codes for everything, and that you don't have to use Amazon labels again. Not sure how they plan on doing it. That wasn't none of the details were communicated. Those are some of the specific highlights. I don't know if anybody heard anything else who was there on those particular topics?

Speaker  288042:40
Who also, who owns call, I know Sharon, you went? Anybody else?

Speaker  289504:00
Amy, did you go? I can't hear you.

Speaker  290832:00
Oh, no, I didn't go. Actually,

Speaker  292528:00
Sharon, did you hear a lot of the same stuff I did.

Speaker  293168:00
Yeah, that it's refreshing. I just like something not interesting, but yeah, it's they, they're going to remove the commingle,

Speaker  295893:20
right? Program,

Speaker  296133:20
right? That's just like you said, Yeah, yep.

Speaker  297397:20
So, yeah. So it's um, it's a, yeah, it's interesting to see what they're going to do. One of the things that I told Jennifer before you guys should know is you're going to want to make sure your operations is really clean. Shipping into FBA or a WD, because they have people at the warehouses. So, like you mentioned, there's lots of robots doing things Sharon. So they have these teams that when, like, they unload a truck and like, let's say you scan the outside of the pallet, it doesn't match. And then like, or maybe the boxes were labeled wrong, or something right, or there's two ace and numbers it ties to because they used to have a 1p or like, anything. So a lot of that stuff, like, it'll get flagged, and then the robots won't do it, and then human beings come over and human human beings like, check it and see what the deal is, and then they fix it. Those teams, I forgot what they call them, but each warehouse, FBA warehouse, has those teams. They're getting rid of all those teams come January 1. So they announced it, like two months ago. So all those teams will be gone. So I'm not sure what's going to happen when those shipping discrepancies. It's going to be really interesting to see, because it makes it a much bigger risk for people to have lost inventory, shipping inventory. That's weird. The other thing I wanted to make you guys aware of, we had this happen to a client of ours. Have you guys heard of woot? W, o, t, yeah. Okay, so WOOT was bought by Amazon a while ago. So it's an Amazon company, so WOOT was like a wholesaler, like a lot of times. I think some of the liquidation stuff that Amazon gets from a lot of us, I think a lot of it goes to woot. Okay, and so WOOT buys it and then sells it. But what I didn't realize is, if WOOT gets something that's still listed on Amazon, let's say, for example, you had a product that had, well, I'll give you an example. Oh, it could be something that's discontinued. It could be a palette that Amazon loses. So for example, let's say Amazon loses a palette of your product, and they admit it, and then they pay you for it, right? So they pay you for it, but then what happens is that palette shows up somewhere, right? Because eventually Amazon finds it, right. They didn't check it in. It's sitting on a dock, whatever. They're now dumping that stuff to Woot, as far as we can tell, because what we had happened to a client was we have a live client who has a product that is proprietary, and all of a sudden, woot came on competing against our client on Amazon. It says whoop and actually says WOOT by Amazon went on their listing and then cut the price by $10 so it was Amazon competing against our own Amazon client, and it was because there must have been a box or something. So it we didn't discount anything. We didn't do anything. There had to be maybe two couple shipping boxes that Amazon lost, credited us and then decided to redo it that way. So we had, we had to let them sell through the 60 so that, because we knew that was all they had, based on what we could see. And then we filed a huge complaint with Amazon, because this is a current product. This is product that is proprietary. It has a trademark and copyright on it. No one else can sell it but our client. So Amazon should not have done that. So just kind of heads up on that, if you liquidate anything with Amazon, or you lose a palette, you need to watch your listings, because, like I said, they took over our listing. So just a side note on that one, and when we talked to them about it at Amazon, they said they shouldn't have done it, but, and they were going to investigate it, but it's kind of like, who knows where that will go?

Speaker  358997:20
Um, recommend Dana on that those cases to just buy the inventory yourself, to get out of the way.

Speaker  360869:20
Well, we didn't know that they had lost it, so we had no notification. All of a sudden, 60 bottles, 60 units. So it was like a set, like, it was like a package set, 60 units showed up at, we have no idea how they got it. Oh, I see. So the only way we can think is that Amazon must have lost a couple boxes, or misplaced a couple boxes and then just thrown it to go to woo,

Speaker  367178:40
gotcha. Okay. And so

Speaker  367482:40
we, we didn't know until it showed up on the listing.

Speaker  368336:00
But when it showed up on the listing, would you? Would you then decide to buy it out right then? So you don't just to make it go away faster?

Speaker  370576:00
Um, we could have, except it was 140 a piece. So we could've, I mean, it was an option, but we instead went to Amazon and filed a case. And quite frankly, our clients probably going to file a legal case to say, not only did you break patent and a trademark, but you also have to pay us back for this. So I think they'd prefer to do that, because they know they'll win in court, and Amazon's not going to want to go to court. So right, yeah, but yeah, you could, I mean, it was a $10 item or something, yeah. I mean, could you go buy it yourself for 600 bucks? Absolutely, buy them out, um, but I would highly encourage you get on Amazon, because if you don't know that it's gone, and then all of a sudden it shows up, and Woot, and you have no idea how it got there, and then there Amazon selling against you on Amazon. Think about that as a three PL Amazon selling against you that goes against everything Amazon stands for. So I would definitely file a Kat, a big case if that happens. The other thing is, I don't know if any of you go, but sandbox is a thing they created three years ago, and what they've created, they formalized it, they didn't even call it anything, three years ago. They bring all these programmers from all over the world who are dying to talk to sellers who can give them real feedback. So they formalized it last year and this year, and they call it the sandbox. And what it is is, you go in, you sign up, you go in, and you go in and you give someone be like, Okay, we're redoing account settings. Do you, you know, do you set up account settings? Do you work at account settings? We'd love your feedback. So, like, they'll have all these different topics, and you could pick which ones you're more passionate about. And you go and sit down with the two programmers that are in charge of actually rewriting and redesigning how account settings work, as an example. So I went and sat with these two people in account settings for about an hour, and they're like, Okay, tell me some of your issues. I said, Okay, well, I'll give you a great issue. You know, we had a domain, a domain name changed on the key person on the account, right? So sometimes emails go away, right? So if your email is the main, email goes away on that account, or you forget which one it is, or something happens. Amazon makes it like an act of Congress to get the domain name changed. And then when you have to go do your account health verification, if you can't verify that domain name, because, let's say it went away, they'll just suspend your account. Like, there it's crazy, right? So, like, if there's any issues with the original data that they count was set up with. And then when you go to do your RE account verification, your account, you know, health and everything in account health, they'll just suspend your account. Well, the problem is a lot of people set up those with original things and like that email doesn't exist. And then maybe they started small, and then they got a different email address, or the person who sometimes an employee, goes and sets it up, and that person's gone from the company or whatever, and so what they said they're going to, I said, you need to redo it so that that stuff can be changed by the owner of the account, like it can be verified in different ways, so it can be changed and updated. So we just talked about the ease of working through all those things that you need to go into settings for to see in terms of what's going on. But the other piece we talked about is all the different countries. So one of the things they're looking at is they're going to put like, this dashboard that shows like, which countries you sell in, and then, and then they're talking about, Well, should we recommend countries? And I said, Absolutely, you should. But I talked at length of them. I said you need to recommend them appropriately. So for example, if you're selling baby care, you can't just go into the UK, right? There's certain codes you need and everything else, right? There's certain new certificates and tests and everything else. I said you would be really helpful to people if you actually said to them, okay, if you're in healthcare, you know, or supplements, whatever you know. You could go to Canada, but you need these three certificates, and this market would be good for you. Or you can go to Mexico and do this. Or, hey, if you're going to go across the pond, UK market is different. And then Germany is the second biggest market after that. But then look specifically by category, which country would be good to expand to globally. And then I said to them, and list where Amazon ranks. I said, because, like, you know, in Australia, you rank three, so people shouldn't be rushing to Australia, because Amazon's third in terms of this type of selling right now, maybe you're working on getting to number one, but you're not. So I said, you know, maybe you should say all the countries you're number one in, and then what are the categories that would be good for those countries? And then what are the actual requirements to go to those countries? Because people don't know. And so we talked probably for an hour about it. So they're working on all that stuff, which was good. Again, I said to them, when is this going to be done? You know, six months to a year, maybe. So again, that may be stuff that's introduced next year at the next year's show in September. So, but it's really good. I'd encourage you, if you go in person, to definitely go to the sandbox and definitely spend some time there. Because one of the things you can do too, is, if you're someone who likes to give feedback and does and has some time and is pretty experienced in Amazon, you can sign up to do it virtually too. So there'll be opportunities to go in and give feedback. When you come back home like, they'll be like, Hey, we're working on this. You got any thoughts about it? And the more they can hear from people who actually know what they're doing and who can give them good feedback, the better, right?

Speaker  457621:20
Is there a way to sign that up for that Dana not being there, or you have to go in person and say, Yeah, I want to be one of those people.

Speaker  459290:40
I had to do it there. It was interesting because I tried to see if I could sign Jason up, and I couldn't, because I had to scan my phone, and then I had to, like, do the application when I was there. I don't know, but I can ask, I can, I can see on

Speaker  462906:40
this call where had a curiosity about that, because you learned a lot, because you said you spent a couple hours a day there?

Speaker  464496:00
Yeah, yeah. I spent a couple hours. I spent about two hours two days in a row. So I did, like, four different topics, you know, that I four different topics. I gave feedback back in different places they were working. I gave feedback and some of the AI stuff that they were doing because, you know, like, I said, some of it, they're just, you know, like, like, some of the titles they were trying to generate from Ai, just from taking a product, it was like, you know, I had all kinds of questions. Like, okay, well, how do you know that title is good? How do you know this, is this? Where is it pulling from? Where's the data from? Where's is it coming from Amazon? If it's coming from Amazon's global world that says this is what the title should be. Well, then maybe it should be that, but where is it actually pulling from? Like, you know, so I don't think there's sophistic. I mean, it would make perfect sense in the long run, if, when you went to an AI title generator for your product, if they went in the worldwide of Amazon of the United States, the market you're in, and then your category and your exact product, you know, area and generated what was the best title, that'd be great. But then the problem is, then wouldn't everybody in the category have the same title, right? So if everybody had a 16 ounce shampoo that did all the same things, that everybody would have the same title, right? So there's a lot of stuff that has to happen before, you know, the differentiators and all that other stuff. So I just, I asked more questions that I got answers for, but that's what they need, because the programmers are sitting in bubbles making shit up, basically, right? You know, they don't have people. None of them work on the platform. They're coding, right? So they don't, you know, they don't know what it's like to actually the user experience, if that makes sense. But it'll be interesting to see what happens. So the

Speaker  495866:40
President showed up at some point, right? And gave a little some

Speaker  496656:00
Yeah, he actually was interesting. So it was, it was kind of weird because they did not announce him coming till the day before. So they announced it on Monday, and then they shoved it in the schedule from four to 430 before the opening reception. The opening reception was 430 to six on Tuesday. They shoved it in right before it so it was almost like they were trying to get him. It was unplanned, but they thought, they thought they should do it. It was 30 minutes. Dharmesh let it. It had no substance. It basically was like, Oh, you've been here for 29 years. So, you know, 25 years ago, we we made the decision to allow third party sellers to come in. So what was that experience like? You know? And he explained, like, Hey, um, yeah, it was revolutionary. At the time, we were watching eBay, we were watching what was going on in the world, and we thought maybe we should do this. We tried, like an eBay type of thing, and it failed. And then we tried, like this cul de sac thing. We're like, we excuse me. We allowed third party sellers on but we kind of kept them separated, but then nobody would go see them. And so he just talked a little bit about the evolution of it. But I was disappointed, because I would expect a man who they did not release Prime Day results, you know, the economy is, you know, although they said the second quarter, GDP grew 3.8% today, Trump fired. Trump administration, fired all the people that generate those numbers, and now all of a sudden, the numbers are great. So the integrity of those numbers, I think, are going to be called into question. Considering every other leading indicator in the world suggests we're already in a recession, you know, from the price of beef being three, three times higher than it was just, you know, 18 months ago to, you know, you go through the list, the cardboard is one of the leading indicators, the cardboard consumption. Cardboard consumption leads directly to grocery stores because they're the ones that consume the most in the food supply, and the cardboard consumption is at markers equal to with what happened before the 2008 recession. So those ended micro indicators, like there's micro and macro indicators all over the place, but you would think I would have respected him more if he would have come up and said, Hey, we know this year's been choppy. We know Prime Day was choppy. We know that the economy is kind of squirrely this year. We know the world squirrely this year. You know, thanks for being with us. And you know, as a company, here's some of the struggles we're facing, just like you are, like that would have, to me, been more beneficial, because they basically just talked about their culture and that their culture was a why culture that rather than EQ, they have EQ, but more importantly than EQ is why Q, meaning everybody needs to ask why they do things the way they do, to make them new and Different and to change and different and to change and expand and grow with people. I don't experience that day in and day out. I think they do a lot of things because they're a big corporate machine, and it's what makes them more money, rather than asking, they've lost a little bit of their customer obsession. I feel like this year, the seller cafe was just packed with people. The seller cafe was bigger than it's ever been in terms of a ballroom packed to the gills. They even added a secondary section where you could, if you couldn't get a seller Cafe appointment, you could go for a they called it a triage desk. Tell you that's interesting, where you could go and try to get people on the phone that were on call to try to do different things while you were actually there too. So people were, I mean, that place was the busiest place. There was the triage desk and the cellar cafe, basically people having major issues with all kinds of things. So, yeah, I mean, that was kind of my take on him. I don't know. I don't know if you felt differently, Sharon, if you went to same speech,

Speaker  562144:00
everyone says we learned basically nothing at the meeting. Talking to other people learn we learn more, right?

Speaker  564512:00
Which, it's normally not like that. Sharon, that's what was disappointing to me. You learned more talking to other people, sitting like, we went to the open reception and stayed longer. You know, it was from 430 to six, but it was maybe 630 we just learned talking to other people. And everybody was like, Yeah, I'm just here to fix problems. I'm just here to find out about this. Like, so it was kind of interesting. And the other thing that was weird this year is they normally have so many great classes, and so many great classes to go to and attend, and so much learning that we're normally so excited to sit in, like the classes that my partner goes to, like the advanced advanced classes, and a lot of the AI generative stuff and a lot of the marketing stuff, and all of the PPC advanced classes and those classes, literally, we would go get in line 30 minutes before the class, and the line would be like, five blocks long. And you could get to the door and they'd be like, sorry, we're at capacity. They wouldn't

Speaker  578000:00
let you in. Yeah, wait for an hour. Yeah, yeah, an hour

Speaker  578944:00
to get into class Exactly. Just think about that, like it's just, it was just, it was not as well organized. This the food was horrible, which is never like it is.

Speaker  582085:19
It was, yeah, late.

Speaker  582901:20
Everything was late, like it was. Things started late, which never happens. It just it was almost like they got a cheaper company to run it than they did in the past, to try to save money, and it was a day less than it normally is, and and then what they did was they must have charged their API partners, who did the trade show, so much money that they presented downstairs a bunch of classes on the main like vendor, vendor floor, but the you were just being it was sales pitch after sales pitch after sales pitch. Rather than in the past, they were educational. You were being sales pitched at all of them. Normally, they kept it really clean where those vendors had to do an educational presentation. It was more of a sales pitch. So they must have charged them just way more money this year to be there. The trade flow, though, was really good for all the Amazon direct people. So it's like we met with Amazon freight, we met with a W D, we met with FBA, we met with like, those teams of all those Amazon people that were in all the Amazon booths. Those people were really good, because we would strategically be like, Okay, we're gonna talk to like, five Amazon people this morning, and like, go have appointments, and we'd go at seven in the morning, when it opened, when nobody was there. And that way they would be able to talk. And then we'd be able to, we kind of go until about 830 and then when it got busy, we would kind of try to get them at different times when things were busy, so that we could really, like, meet with somebody and talk with somebody and get contact names.

Speaker  607866:40
Basically. Do you find when you go Dana that the contacts are actually legit contacts? When you leave, you can actually get a hold

Speaker  610240:00
of people. Yes, they've always been in the past and but you have to try to really nurture it when you're there. Like, you know, Jason went and talked to a W D at seven in the morning. There was nobody there. He sat down with this woman, and they talked for about 45 minutes, and he was not in a rush, and they talked, and, you know, he commiserated, and you have to try to build a rapport and a relationships. And so then they give you a business card, and they they tell you, yeah, please call me if there's an issue, and and you can build a relationship. That's what you have to do. What was really different this time, though, is there which indicated to me that there must be so many problems. The seller Cafe people normally would give you like their email address and their contact information. Interestingly enough, this year, none of them did they actually didn't even have their last names on their badges. They were removed. They had their first name and their last name initial. And I asked this one guy, because we had a great meeting, and he's trying to help solve this problem. He said, so it depends on which seller, cafe people, they count, house people. None of them were allowed to give their emails or their last names, and he shared with us that they were harassed there so much after the conference by people that they couldn't even function, because people would just take their email and give it to like, 1000 other people, or, like, publish it in a group somewhere, or whatever, and then all of a sudden, it's like one person got help, and then 1000 people had their email. And so because people did that, the count health people, the triage people, they they basically said that they would communicate back through the account rather than give their information. So this one that I met with an account help that I have not heard from yet. I went through the Amazon support seller cafe where my appointment was and said, you know, Lucas hasn't gotten back to me yet. That's my only means to follow up. And they responded back today and said, Yes, Lucas is working account. The response will be in your portal, but he is working on it. So they put a layer of protection for some of the people at Amazon, which was That's new. That just tells you that people were over communicating, unfortunately, people who helped them, so which kind of ruined it for now, we have a couple other people we met with that did share their email addresses and were communicating and, you know, did want us to contact them for things. And, yeah, the other thing that we met, we met this great guy who's the head of the special support. So you know this? I don't know if any of you know about this, but like, there's like customer service, but then there's like, this level up of like customer service specialist it was offered, it's only offered to limited people in limited situations. It's like a beta test they were doing. So we were talking to this one woman about how, yeah, we'll have an issue, and we'll call customer service seven times for the same issue until we'll get someone who can respond and like, we'll just call all day long. And she was like, let me introduce you to the gentleman who's an ahead of all of the specialists for customer support. So this gentleman came over. He's been of Amazon, like, 12 years. He was lovely. And we explained that, you know, we have lots of clients. And we explained that we have our own stuff we do, and we also have lots of clients, and that, you know, how much time we waste, you know, calling to try to get somebody and everything else. And he said, you know, they are beta testing these specialists. They don't want to open up to more people, because, again, things will get flooded, and then it won't be efficient. But that he actually gave us his email and wants us to email him, because he may stick us in a beta for some of that stuff. Because they're, they're trying to figure out how to expand it, if they should expand it on like, size of the account, or if they should expand it on what criteria. And we said, hey, we've got a couple big accounts. It would be really good to have for, you know, we'd be happy to beta test a couple of our bigger accounts to, to have that kind of expedited customer service. So we'll see. That would be

Speaker  679733:20
beautiful thing. If that actually worked,

Speaker  680261:20
it would be, I agree. I agree.

Speaker  681189:20
Was there anything else noteworthy? Um,

Speaker  681925:20
I had to, you know, I, quite frankly, I'm moving, so I came home and we've been packing, and things are a little insane, so, but I will tell you what they did do for us. They gave us, interestingly, in the past, they normally publish the decks for the classes and then the decks for the presentations and everything they're doing in our app. They didn't do that this year, which, again, was very strange. So because normally I would have the notes and I could share them with everybody, what they did instead was they, I just got it yesterday, they gave us a link to YouTube. So they created a private YouTube channel for accelerate where they posted, I think because so many people got turned away from the different classes and stuff and some of that stuff where they supposedly posted everything. So I have not had an opportunity to go in and dig around, but I do plan on going and digging around. I know my partner, Jason will as well. So I'm sure those are going to be stuff in there I can pull out and we can I can share once I go on there, I don't know if I don't think I can share the link to it, because I think you had to attend, so I think I have to put in my credentials and email to go in, but, but let me check, and then I'll see what I can share with the group.

Speaker  703258:40
So that'd be amazing. Yeah, thank you. You're always so, so smart. I always have so much to share, and I really, quite, really, really appreciate your now, no

Speaker  705568:00
problem. It's just, you know, it's kind of, we live in the world, right? Every day. This is what we do. So I don't know if I'm super smart or just, like, do it every day. I'm not sure.

Speaker  708208:00
It's probably all, it's probably all, all, yeah, it's all really noteworthy. I think we have, you know, a few minutes left, and we'd love to have a round table conversation. Is everybody ready for prime are the questions or any struggles that anybody's having?

Speaker  712885:20
You ready for? Should we? Should we set up AMC? We have access now. And I went to the session. They showed you how to do it, and you can do a human language, natural language, and they write the SQL code for you. But I didn't play with it yet. So should we set up those ads using AMC? Because you can say, Okay, I want to target these people. They did something, you know, viewed our pages and stuff.

Speaker  720624:00
Yeah, I would test it. I mean, my thing is, like, we're in the process of testing all that stuff that we what we found, and it's new. So, like, if I would test it, I wouldn't do it across the board. That's my opinion. I mean, if you want to test it on one thing or something, I would test it and see what works and see what doesn't work. I mean, that's kind of, that's kind of our mode. Whenever Amazon introduces anything new, we we get excited about it and we're hopeful for what it would be. But then we go and we play around with it, and we test it, and we experiment and we we measure it before we go all in.

Speaker  731237:20
And I go ahead. So sorry, go ahead. No, go ahead.

Speaker  733034:40
Do you plan to offer promotions for the Amazon event two days, October, 7 and eighth? Are

Speaker  735882:40
you guys getting ready? Or Dana?

Speaker  736832:00
Dana me, yeah, yeah. I mean, we are. And so our take on it, after seeing what happened in July, what we're doing for ourselves and what we recommended, everything else is, if you had qualified to do the best deal promotions, even though it's $1,000 and it's 25% off minimum. We recommended everybody to do it, because basically, the $1,000 you're paying is you're paying for Amazon advertising. So you're gonna appear on their best deal pages, and you know, random times all over the place, you're gonna appear on Amazon as part of the best deal. So anytime, at least this year, based on what we saw for Prime Day in July, anybody who qualified for best deals, we recommended they did it. We do it for our own brands as well. So that's number one. Now, if you didn't qualify for best deals, definitely do the PED because it's like, it's like 100 bucks for the October 7 and eighth. I think it's 250 bucks for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Again, you've got to do the 25% minimum. We recommend that as well, because the what we saw during July was people were buying what they needed. So like, depending on what you sell, if you sell stuff people need more than one time, people were canceling subscriptions. Subscribe and Save, because Subscribe and Save maybe 10% but it was 20, you had 20% off, or 20% off, and then they were loading up on the deal for the product. So we saw that. We also saw people. People had things that they thought were too expensive, but because it had the 25% off, they could justify trying it. So we saw that behavior. And then last October, we were kind of, this is just me again. We're kind of seeing some of the behavior of covid, meaning people are worried that there isn't going to be all the stuff for Christmas and Thanksgiving and Hanukkah and all those other things. Because, you know, everybody keeps talking in the news about, because of the tariffs, all people didn't bring as much stuff in. Like, are there going to be enough toys? Like, are there going to be enough stuff that people want? Like, is there going to be enough because of the tariffs? Did everybody bring in stuff because all the big guys said they cut orders, they're not going to have as much spy. And if you do go to target, you do go to target specifically, like, they don't have the stuff they normally like, the the abundance of stuff they normally do. They don't have that in their stores right now, which is weird. So I think people are a little worried about, like, getting what they need for the holidays, but at the same time, you know, people justify spending money for happy times, right? So for the holidays with their families, even if things are tough, like that's where they'll spend money. And so the deals really generate things. So if you can't do the best deals, we do the PDS at 25% and if you can't do that, we recommend you do a coupon at 25% and if you don't qualify for a coupon, do at least a slash you price at 25% so we recommended everybody to do the 25 because just from a visibility standpoint, what we saw in July was when people didn't do the equal percentage off to what was going on. The best deals, their their click through rates were down, their conversions were down, their impressions were down, and people who didn't do anything, they bombed during Prime days, they didn't sell hardly anything. So that's our strategy. I'm not saying it's right. People have different strategies, but we're also going to dial down PPC, because we've everybody's going all in on the deals, we're going to dial back PPC, because there's going to be so much traffic, so we're going to watch PPC, you know, basically hourly

Speaker  803376:00
during the time period.

Speaker  804351:59
So that's kind of what we're doing. I don't know if anyone else is doing anything different, or

Speaker  806149:20
I'm just curious to ask, how have sales been, because I'm seeing like so last year, I was maybe about 15% down from the year before, and this year is also trending about 10, 15% down. I'm wondering if it's just me or if that's just the market, what

Speaker  811546:39
category you're in?

Speaker  811850:40
I'm in clothing, which is very tough.

Speaker  812522:40
Yeah, my sales are down too. I'm selling, like, accessories, and it went down like 18% from last year, even though, like, I'm lowering my price, I actually have a question, like, I just got, like, a new PPC agency, and they're like, your creatives are not good, and like, you're paying all this money for people to come to your page, and you're not like, you have no infographics and all that kind of stuff. And I was just wondering if you guys have any recommendations of, you know, like creatives help. I mean, I I'm pretty new to this. I mean, I joined MDs, but I've been so busy, like, I just my first meeting, but like, I I'm not very resourceful, like, I've been doing all the creative myself, and that's kind of my plan. But, you know, with all the things that are going on, I was thinking maybe I should get some help.

Speaker  830922:40
Yeah, I did my creatives four rounds. First round is, you know, I supplement some other people, and then second, third. And now I got someone who recommended through MDs, and he redid almost all the images. Now this is almost, almost a year after. And, yeah, the conversion improved, great. Yeah. So you need good images.

Speaker  838709:20
Yeah, you definitely do need to have someone do your creatives. And I know maybe people can drop in the chat or whatever to you, some people, resources and whatnot. The other thing is, I was just going to tell you in terms of people being down the biggest transformation this year that we talked about at Amazon and that we've experienced with our clients, as well as this, Google and Amazon are fighting. And if you don't read kind of really specifically into some of this stuff in terms of attribution links and some of what's going on is if you really when the AI is created, now what used to happen is, when you would go to Google, you would type in like, accessories and like, let's say, I say, like an accessory, hair clip, if different ones would come up. And then it would say, let's see if someone knew your brand name. You could type in your brand name, like, your hair could clip up, and I say, Oh, you could buy it at Walmart. You could buy it at Amazon, and then you could link right to Amazon. Okay, they're not. Google's not doing that anymore. So Google is going to AI. So you get the AI first sometimes, and then Google is fighting with Amazon about like, how they compensate each other. And so Google stops sending when people search a brand name, they stopped sending that to Amazon. They actually will show other locations to buy it, but they're not providing the Amazon link. They used to provide the Amazon link, and it used to be first. They're not doing that anymore. So people who rely on that Google across the board that impact on everyone's account, no matter what you sell is about 25% in terms of attribution from Google going to Amazon. Now, I can't say what it is for accessories or what it is for other categories, but that is huge. Okay, number that's that's impacting people greatly. Nobody's talking about it. People don't realize that, but I have heard a ton of people talk about, oh, I was up, you know, 20% last year. This year, I'm only at five or I was up, you know, I was down 10% last year, but I'm also down 15% this year. Like the conversation across the board at the conference, it was the same I probably say to me. Two thirds of the people I talked to were down at Amazon.

Speaker  874837:20
Feel better. Huge.

Speaker  875274:40
Okay, so the Google thing's huge. So the biggest transformation about Amazon is, and this is the biggest thing we're working on now, for our own brands and for our clients, is it's way harder to sell on Amazon because that all those give me drive into Amazon that were just freely floating out there that you didn't know don't work anymore. So Google's not there. And I have a friend who has an agency that does meta, and all the stuff that they're doing to design the meta campaigns and to drive into Amazon, two thirds of it isn't working anymore. So that's just been in the last couple months. You shared that with me. So this AI transformation is changing all that external traffic into Amazon, paid or unpaid. So that is impacting Amazon sellers greatly, but it's very difficult to measure. It's kind of like you just have to read a lot to see what's kind of going on, and kind of be in the thick of it. So what, what we're doing right now is that you every brand has to have a brand presence off of Amazon, and a lot of brands don't, okay, and so what we're trying to do for our clients right now is we're basically creating contacts with YouTube people, Tiktok people, meta. This is why I'm talking to this friend who has a meta place to talk about the campaigns and the meta piece, and trying to create a portfolio podcasting where we can look at a brand and go, Okay, continuing to just pay more for Amazon advertising isn't going to get you there, but organically, you will grow substantially if you could get off Amazon traffic. And so trying to, we're trying to basically build a whole Resource Bank of all these different places to help clients attribution links go into Amazon. And so that is going to be the biggest thing in 2026 as far as we can see, is controlling your own destiny in terms of you cannot depend on Amazon to drive to Amazon, which is what everybody historically has done, and so now Amazon, it's another way for Amazon to make money and Google To make more money, and meta to make more money, they're just not driving in Amazon anymore. Amazon is not driving in Amazon, and so every single brand has to look at what is their off Amazon strategy in conjunction, just like you can't just look at PPC and not look at SEO. You can't just look at Amazon and you're off, and you can't not look at your off Amazon deal. So that's what we see as the biggest thing that we need to solve for ourselves and for our clients for 2026 so if that helps, I don't know if that helps, but that's kind of what we're seeing.

Speaker  927946:40
You know, Dan, you should present on our Wednesday. Calls that exact thing right there, the off Amazon strategy, which?

Speaker  929936:00
Jamie? Oh, which, oh, MDS, yeah. Well, yeah, I haven't formed it all yet, yet, so I'm working on it, yeah. So, I mean, that's what I've been working on, yeah? I mean, I have the podcast person, I think I found the tic tac people, because basically, we've been vetting best in class, and we've, you know, yeah, we're betting we're vetting best in class people in all these categories to to figure out for ourselves, for the consulting side of Our business and the agent side of our business, we're probably going to, we're probably going to white label because it's just providing those. Some of our clients, we could just provide who that is, but most of our clients are like, Yeah, that's great, if you tell me, the person says, I don't know how to manage them and how to integrate it into Amazon, where we do so what we're trying to do is figure out how to almost white label it so that we could be like, okay, hey, we think you should have Tiktok and this and this and based on your product. And so based on that, you know, here's who we partner with, here's what the cost is that, you know, we're, we're integrating them as part of your team, but we're managing it for you, because it again, it it can't, you can't hire those people separately and not have a part of your Amazon strategy. There has to be integrated, right in order for it to be successful. Yeah, that's what we found so far.

Speaker  952213:19
Anyway, awesome when we have, well, we're out of time, ladies. Uh, Dana, thank you so so much, always.

Speaker  954357:20
Thank you. Thank you. No

Speaker  955082:40
problem. Thank you.

Speaker  955594:40
Feel free to here. Let me just put my email in the chat. You can email me anytime. I just I don't always go out on MDs, because, just in the interest of time, I don't always go on an MDS, but I'm happy to put my email here if anybody has questions or just wants to chat.

Speaker  960608:00
And then next month, come again. We'll be talking about how prime went. What are you doing for Christmas? Any issues we're all running into? Because this is also sort of a town hall, right? Bring your bring your thoughts and concerns, and we're here to help each other be successful, great navigate this world. Who are living? All right? Thank you, guys.

Speaker  965477:20
Take care. Thank

Speaker  965749:20
you. Bye,

Speaker  965989:20
guys, bye.
