Shinghi Detlefsen
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1344:00
All right. Good afternoon. Everybody who here owns a supplement company. Let me see how many hands we got. Quite a few. Who has a consumer packaged good that's repurchased full All right, who has run, Subscribe and Save coupons, who can tell me how they perform for you? Couple people, all right, who could tell me with like data, how they perform for you couple? All right, great. So my talk today is focusing on optimizing SNS coupons. If you have a product that is subscribable, this is like your biggest lever to affect downstream LTV, but also subscription rates at the day of subscription.

Speaker  12122:40
A little bit about me. I have four kids.

Speaker  13290:40
Love my children. They teach me everything I know and also teach me how to optimize my time like nothing else. I run three different businesses. I run a dietary supplement company. It's called wholesome story. I run expandify, which is this software. And then I also, we just launched abo, which I kind of took over the hack thing to talk about. Won't go on that right now, I used to work at Amazon. I worked at Amazon for six years, so taught me a lot, especially on the writing side. And now I an AI vibe coder. I'm not a true coder, but I'm a product manager who can use AI to code. Expandify was built we have a team of four developers, so don't worry, I'm not the ones touching your data. The developers are, and we built it to solve problems that I have. So how many of you can tell me how many customers you acquired last month? Okay, a few of you can. How many can how many can tell me how many subscribers have customers? You had a sale in the last month? We have a couple, right? So the majority of people don't, actually, we don't really know about our business. We know about sales. Amazon's really good at giving you sales data. How much you know? What was your ops last month? What is it this month? But we don't really know customer data. So expandify was built for me, actually to understand customer data, and we build reports basically to understand customer behavior. So every time I show someone the app, they're like, we've never seen data like this before, and I think we have a few. Maddie, are you here? Can you confirm? Is that true? OK, it is katriel, yes, it's a cool app. I know, I know, but I'm not here to sell you software, right? It's this, I love the data, and the data is what's the most interesting point. And the thing I love to reiterate to people, like, sometimes people are scared, like, oh, but you can see the data. The data doesn't matter. Every brand is different. Every asin is different. And every test that like, if I optimize something in my business, it may not work for you, but if you optimize something in your business, it may not work for me, but there are things that we can all learn from. We have a ton of reports. Again, I don't want to show software. I'm not that type of person, but we can tell you things like, how many new customers you have every month. What's the growth rates of those customers across Amazon, all Amazon channels like Amazon Canada, Amazon US, Mexico, wherever you are, and Shopify so you have a single view. We can tell you how many subscribers have, customers you have per month, new versus returning. We can tell you the LTV of a subscriber versus a non subscriber. We can even tell you the LTV of a subscriber versus a subscriber who came with a coupon versus a non subscriber. We could tell you how your sales break down by cohort, so you can see that, like you know, the majority of your sales are actually coming from repeat customers versus all new customers. Tons of stuff. You can go to expandify.com you can literally watch our video on every report that we have. Who here is tracking the expense of promotions every month. Couple people who here attracts ad costs every month. Majority of people. So if I was to ask, like, what percentage is your promotion cost, your ad cost? Does somebody know? Would anyone know that? Answer? A few people, promotions are, like, the sneaky expense that you don't really know, like in this month here, and it's kind of you can't really see much here. We spent $117,000 on discounts in one month. My ad spend in that same month is about 200,000 so if someone was to tell me that my ad spend went up 50% I would be like, what? But promotion costs are those types of costs that kind of costs that kind of just like sneakily go by and they take directly off top line. So you wonder where your top line goes. It's often to promotions. So this is why it's really important for us to understand promotions. If you're in any sort of repurchase business, like Subscribe and Save is your lever. It is the most beautiful thing. I would not be in any type of business ever in E comm that did not have a subscribe component? Do you agree with that? Would any of you start a business that does not have s and s? I don't think anyone.

Speaker  78234:40
One of the things is that Amazon has not yet allowed you to enroll product. Ask something to subscribe, which I don't interrupt, but I don't

Speaker  81184:00
understand why they

Speaker  81760:00
you have to be you have to have proven repurchases before they allow you. It's kind of a messed up system. So anyway, the focus on today's talk is thinking about the cost of a promotion. If you're running a coupon, like, who's running who's Tetsu? Subscribers have coupons? Has anyone done a 40% off? Done a 40% off coupon? Who's tested a 20% off coupon? All right, what's the delta between a 20 and 40% coupon? That's 100% more expense promotional wise. And again, it's an easy expense to not think of. But what if I told you you can optimize how much you spend on promotions, and I could save you depending on how the volume is on that asin, like, hundreds of 1000s of dollars. So we're gonna do a case study. We're gonna look at like, what's better a 20% off coupon or a 10% off coupon? Have you guys ever asked that question when you're launching your 40% off coupons? Like, is that better than the 20% off one? You know, and the data Amazon gives you is, like, I don't know, like, it sucks. So we need to know three things. The first thing we need to know is, what is the difference between a non subscriber and a subscriber? If there is no difference, you are throwing money away. Does that make sense? You will not have any LTV on the customer, you just gave away 40% what is the impact that the coupon has to new subscribers at different discount rates? So everyone you have a subscription rate per day, which is the amount of new subscribers you get on that day? Make sense? You add a coupon on there. Is your subscription rate going up, staying the same or maybe going down. We have to know that. And then the third thing is, which discount amount has the greatest efficiency? So if you have a 10% off and a 20% off coupon, and they perform about the same, which one should you keep 10 Exactly? So let's go and look at this. So one of our reports, the first one we're going to look at, is the difference between a non subscriber, a subscriber, and a subscriber with SNS coupons. And what we found was that non subscribers are worth about half of a subscriber, makes sense. So you get about 100% more Ltd with a subscriber, but a subscriber with an SNS coupon, in this case, was worth more. And let me tell you the reason why are only new customers using SNS coupons, no your existing customer base. So when your existing customer base also uses an SNS coupon, they're pushing if that customer is 12 months old, they're now pushing that LTV up at the 12 month mark for if they use it, do you get more subscribers with a coupon? So what we do in expandify is we calculate a baseline rate. So what is your rate of new subscribers per day, per asin, per sales channel, which in this case is about 7% and then what happens when you add that coupon? And what we found in this case study was the 10% and the 20% essentially performed the same, even with the 10% slightly higher. So it's not necessarily you need the 40% coupon. You just need a coupon, right? That's all you really needed here. And again, I want to caveat this. It depends per Asin. So each one of us are in different niches. Each one of us are in different markets. Your competitor may be doing some sort of crazy price stuff. You're you know, you may not, it depends. There's no one size fits all answer, but that's a big change, like that's 50% more subscribers per day, and you annualize that through the entire year, that's a huge change for your business. So let's look at efficiency. So going back to think of that promotional cost chart, right? That's $100,000 we're spending a month efficiency at that scale matters. And what we saw was a 10% off discount. We got the 50% increase in subscribers. 20% off gave us 4445 the cost per incremental subscriber with a 10% off was $7.72 and the cost with 20% off was $16.68 so who's running a 40% off coupon right now? A couple people, right? Like, literally, if it's live like it's live, right? I can save you a lot of money, likely. And the only way to know is to test though, right? So coupon efficiency, we measure it like this, for every dollar of discount, how much percent change do you get? So in this case, the 10% off was like, you know, $2.05 or 50 cents. So for every dollar of discount, we got 18.31% improvement in our subscription rate. And the 20% off was more expensive, was like five bucks something. So. Eight so our coupon efficiency rate was cut in half. You could save a lot of money optimizing SNS coupons. So what were the final results of this case study? So we got a 50% increase in subscription rate if we annualize that out for this asin, in this case, it's 12,500 subscribers. If you analyze the revenue of what a subscriber is worth, minus the cost of the promotion, so the cost of the coupon, we're at $1.1 million so should you run Subscribe and Save coupons? It depends. Look at the data, but in this case, like Hell yeah, that's an extra million dollars from just having a coupon on your page, and how much money did we save? So if I had not looked at this data and done this analysis, I would have thought like, oh, yeah, some of my buddies are doing like, 40% but that seems kind of high. I'll just throw it at 20. And if I ran that, it would have cost me $84,000 $981 of net profit. Like, that's direct from the bottom line that I did not need to give in order to get these results. So what we've also built for you is now you can make the trade off. You can make the trade off. Let's say you have a 10% off and a 20% off, and the 20% off coupon performs slightly better. You can actually do the math now and say, Is it better enough that it outweighs the discount or the savings that I would have got, like the $84,000 here, and you can actually determine that, like, Okay, in this case, it is worth it to do that extra discount. So this is a view in our tool. And again, I'm sorry you guys can't really see it with the lights here, but what this does is, like, it measures every single day that your asin is live, and we tell you how many new subscribers you got, how many total customers purchased that asin, what your subscription rate is, and whether or not Subscribe and Save coupons are active on that day. So if you see, if you can see kind of these red lines, these are all of the days in which Subscribe and Save coupons are running and then running until now. So the way you have to think about this is like, this is new testing grounds for you. So if you've been running subscribers of coupons straight for the last two years, you have no baseline. You don't know what happens when you turn them off. And if you turn them off and nothing happens, then you've been throwing money away for the last two years, if you turn them off and your subscription rates go down. And you want to think of this like, you know, you have a hypothesis. This is a statistical analysis. So you need a good baseline. Let's say, like, two weeks. You turn them off for two weeks, you can understand what your baseline is, and then you have to methodically now test into what is the correct amount. So you can start if you want, like, you can go Max like, let's test 50% off, and we're gonna run that for a week, and the higher volume your asin is, the faster you can reach significance. So you test it for a week. Okay, cool. You get a nice improvement. Then you go straight into what's a 40% impact. And I always recommend people do if you're gonna run a test, like, do Sunday to Saturday. So it's very clean data. What's the impact of a 40% off? You can do a 30% off, you can do 2010, etc, and then go test into the dollar amounts, because Amazon lets you do either percent discounts or dollar discounts. And this testing alone is worth it, worth its weight in like, literal dollars, like it's you will save, you will either save money, or you will optimize and make more money. There is no like, nothing happens between these two. So the key takeaways is you can't test what you can't measure, and we can now measure it. Results are not one size fits all. So if you hear in a mastermind that like, yeah, 40% is the way to go, don't test it. Number three, promotional spend is optimizable, but it truly does add up quick, and it eats your bottom line if you're doing it wrong. Number four, test and learn, test and learn, test and learn, always be learning and don't even take you know, like, if it's one ace and that does really well or performs this way. I would not even attribute that to all of your other ASINs. I would test and learn down that your line of ASINs until you get to a point where you're highly confident in which Subscribe and Save coupons work the best, and then number five, like expandify is way cheaper than a BI team. So like, you know, there's that too. So one of the values I wanted to add giving out discounts to everyone. So if you want to get these discounts, there's only a limited number of discounts per tier. So there's one 50% off, one 40% off, one 30% off, but you can scan that code. It's very easy. It's MDS inspire, 5040, 3025, yeah. And I'll take questions, any questions, and then I'm happy to demo the tool if you guys want to go look at it live too. Yes. Dimitri, yeah.

Speaker  235738:40
So we just signed up last week, so we'll see you tracking. Yeah, we signed up maybe 40% our sub state numbers have gone through the roof, like just adding lots of customers. I don't know what the numbers are before we signed up for you, is you notice that we have. 16 or now a 17% drop off after that first time purchase. So we can't get data out of month to month drop off. We just want to change it, because it's a 12 month drilling compilation on Amazon, right? We have the ability to see a month over month first purchase only, and then you lose extra seven. We're taking those numbers and figuring out, are we profitable on that second purchase, and if so, how many people

Speaker  246517:20
are running around? We don't have a direct report for that, but that I could build that for you in a day. We have the opposite, which is, I'll just show you here. So like, if you wanted to see, for instance, Subscribe and Save coupons. So let me zoom in so you guys can see. So let's just take one Asin. So what you're trying to understand is like, what's the difference between a subscriber with a coupon, a subscriber without a coupon and a non subscriber? And we have that view right here. So what this will tell you is like, Okay, you have, you know, for this asin, you have subscribers without coupon, subscribers with coupon, and then non subscribers. And what we'll show you is the LTV differences, and we'll show you the one month LTV. So we'll show you what's the LTV difference at one month, three month, six month and 12 month. And I kind of like 12 month as a benchmark. But also, if you haven't been running coupons for that long, you won't be able to see it. And in this case, like for this specific asin, a subscriber with a coupon and a subscriber without a coupon are the same. So the delta is only going to be in the contribution margin, which is the difference in the promotional cost. So on our roadmap for the end of this month is we're adding in ADS. So you'll have the cost to acquire a customer, you will have cogs, so the cost of your product, and then you will have Amazon's fees. So once you know all of those things and promotional costs, we can give you contribution margin, which is a common thing that people are talking about now. But what that also means is that within our tool, I can literally give you a slider to say, I want to be profitable contribution margin. Why is it three months or one month or day one? And I can tell you exactly how much you can spend to acquire customer. So in terms of optimizing your business, there is truly no other better way.

Speaker  274512:00
Yeah, go ahead. You have a way of tracking, LTV for a customer across sales platforms. So like Facebook ad. You know, first one product shopping else is a suitable product. Let's see if they're on Amazon, buys it, buys it again. There.

Speaker  278933:20
We have an algorithm to do that. We haven't launched it yet, though. The closest way we can get it is Amazon doesn't give you full customer addresses anymore. They used to do that, and some apps still can, but they're a little bit like you gotta put on a different kind of hat to play with them. But the way we do it is, like, there's address or zip code plus four, right, which is a postal delivery route, and the chance that you have two customers that live on the same postal delivery route is very small. So we'll never be like 100% that's the same customer. High probability, same customer. Yeah, that's what now we prioritize it if you want it to take it up, yeah, yeah. But again, our focus is mostly on the Amazon side. We integrate with Shopify, but we're not doing all like, the link tracking the view through attribution. Like, yeah, the QR code,

Speaker  292272:00
and it's unified platform, which is awesome, yeah, at least in my opinion, lifetime doesn't do that. Well, Amazon

Speaker  294117:20
data is really hard selling

Speaker  295173:20
on multiple channels, with all those troubles customized by the Tiktok, just not the other thing we look at, Kat LTV, yep, everyone ideally, whether we get, you know, for an email on a consumable in 90 days. But part of the problem is our LTV gets lost. And we know from the survey data that next purchases are happening elsewhere, quantified, and that would really impact the decisions we're making to acquire new customers in terms of what's an acceptable Kat. How fast can we scale? Right? So that's why that would be amazing, yeah.

Speaker  304122:40
Another way you could do it too is like, have some sort of Rewards App which counts Amazon purchases, but if you put in their order ID, you can match them right away too, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was curious, after

Speaker  307952:00
you do the week by week test, get baseline and do the week by week test, and you figure out the optimized discount amount, if you want to know how often are you going back to re optimize it, assuming your competitors also are optimizing as well and

Speaker  313765:20
drop offs and whatnot, like on a quarterly basis, annual basis. So

Speaker  315109:20
I would always monitor it right? And the way our software does it is like, when you launch a coupon, you can forever see what the performance is, right? So it's just adding days to that performance, and it'll show you the historical performance of all the other coupons. Like I can show it to you, actually, right here, if you guys want to see it, i. So right here, like, let's pull up an asin here. So here's an asin with a bunch of different coupons that have run right and you have your SNS discounts here, and you have all the different pricing for the coupon discounts. So into perpetuity, you'll have your baseline rate, and it's a trailing 24 month look back for the baseline rate, but you have your coupon rates, and your coupon rates are going to be, if the coupon has ended, it's planted in time, but if the coupon is still running, it will change over time. So that's going to be your constant check. You can be like, OK, this coupon is now underperforming what my initial analysis said, which can happen, there's seasonality, there's other factors, and you feel like, I need to retest. You can just retest, but you have all of the historical data to compare against, too.

Speaker  332346:40
Yeah, what's

Speaker  332650:40
the strategy with, like, prime days, where you're already throwing out another discount and just peak holiday in general? When you say, have a lot more traffic coming to your page than normal, are you increasing trying to the subscribers. Or, you know, I mean, we're just kind of looking past the circle data.

Speaker  337568:00
I think I always like to think back to like a subscriber is worth 100% more than a non subscriber. So if all the promotions that I could choose to do, I want them to become a subscriber. So I would keep it right, like, I mean, you could maybe lower the move it to like a 5% off coupon or something, but I would never trade it for a different discount. Yeah, again, Ace independent, you know your subscribing say, maybe only be 10% more. We don't know one ace at a time. Oh, you'd

Speaker  347013:20
run them all at the same time?

Speaker  348250:40
Oh, all right. Well, if you don't want to again, it has an impact to the business, right? But you also need to understand your baseline. And if, if you only really need to do that, if you've been running for like, the past two years straight, okay, then you probably should do it. Yeah, I would. I would turn them off for like, a week, and you can do it like staggered. So it's not like a huge impact your SNS business. Yeah. So

Speaker  355008:00
my question is, what's SNS keep up with our like, what the trend rate is? Have you seen that? Like, what percentage of people are just claiming as an SS discount and just can't.

Speaker  358757:20
So in that LTV view, that was like subscriber versus non, subscriber versus subscriber with coupon, the subscribers with coupons are basically the same, right? So what that also means is that people are just using your Subscribe and Save discount, your normal discount, in the same way that they're using the coupon, right? They're going to come in, they're going to get their discount, but they're going to come out. The unique thing, like we have another view in our tool, which is all about promotions, and it's promotions alongside customer cohorts. So let me go to

Speaker  367178:40
Subscribe and Save coupons,

Speaker  368138:40
and let's go to this Asin.

Speaker  369984:00
So what this is going to show you in this view is we break out. Okay, here's the total number of orders related to that Subscribe and Save coupon, but we're breaking out who's using the coupon. So by you can see new customers. So these are the number of new customers that use that coupon. This is the number of active customers and reactivated customers. So the users of your SNS coupons are not just brand new customers, but it's not a bad thing either. Like every time you get a customer to come back, and if they're subscribing, it's going to be a net benefit for your business, even it's reactivating we have some interesting views with brand tailored promotions, because some of those seem like you're just giving money away to your active like, if you look at the brand tailored I think abandoned cart promotion, it's just like all going to active customers, which kind of makes sense, because your active customers have it sitting in their cart, and then they're just, you know, checking out when they hit that promotion. And what we also do is we measure LTV across these same groups, so you can see, you know, what's the new customer, LTV versus an active customer, LTV versus a reactivated customer. And then we also compare that versus a baseline, which is customers who've bought that asin but never used that promotion. So if there's a lot of green here, it means you're beating a baseline which is better than the alternative, right? Go ahead. I'm saying same,

Speaker  391477:20
actually, okay, yeah, thank you. With this, with the grand cap Bucha, brand new customer. One like,

Speaker  393269:20
pretty much never green, yeah, the

Speaker  393589:20
other ones probably like,

Speaker  394245:20
you say, like abandoning cards, like you should get money right

Speaker  395429:20
now. Money right at that point. Which ones have you seen getting most effective? So

Speaker  396362:40
here. So here's brand Taylor promotions. Here's a bunch of different ones that we've run. And you can look at the new active and reactivated customers. So let's look. These are mostly hitting actives right here. And these are all brand abandoned cart abandoned. Chip, re engagement, declining, top tier. This is all mostly going to new. So let's see what that one is, new customer acquisition, high intent. So their targeting is not bad, but Amazon's targeting also, I think, has like a 12 month look back. So a lot of your customers, I can go on and on with different views we have. And I'll just show you the cohort one really quick. This is sale cohorts. So you can see where in any given month, where are all my customers buying. So like, for instance, these are we had $728,000 of new customer sales in the month of April. How much did they spend in the following month? I can just follow the color, and I can see they spend $100,000 a month later. And I can keep following it all the way to the right. But what it also shows you is there's a large percentage of customers that are more than a year old that make up 25% of my sales. So like, you know, when you're talking about all these different promotions, like, it's not a bad thing to reward this customer group because they they're still sticking around. Yeah. But anyway, we're giving you a platform to test and learn, right? You can see which brand tailored promotions work, which ones don't. You can see subscribe to coupon effectiveness, everything, yeah. And the other great thing about our platform is, like, if there's a report that you want that has to do with data that we have, we could build it within a day. And like, a report like this, we could build that within a day and publish it.

Speaker  422789:20
Yeah, does this work with, like, products that are not supplements, like

Speaker  424357:20
promotion to online products

Speaker  424853:20
Ibo from

Speaker  425045:20
China, let's say, yeah, it, I mean, it definitely does without LTV, though it's not as meaningful as how I would

Speaker  426922:40
say effectiveness, conversion rate of like, changing prices. Those are kind of the manual.

Speaker  428314:40
Yeah, there's some, like, price, elasticity of demand, things that we're building. So for at least I can help you, like to say, like, Okay, I lowered price, did demand go up or I raised price? Did demand go up or down? That stuff could be helpful. But for the most part, it's really focused on repurchase products. Yeah, awesome. Well, again, here, let me just throw up the discount cards too, so you guys make sure you get those. But thank you so much for your time. I hope you enjoy the tool. And the last thing I'll add is, like, I do this because I love the data. Like, it's really fun, it's really interesting, and I'm always happy you book a demo. It'll be with me, and I'll look through your data. I'll tell you, like, good, bad, great, and it can be really helpful for you to learn either way. So excited to help you guys, and I hope you enjoy the tool. Thanks.
