Mogul Call with Brandon Young on Tarriffs
Date: April 17, 2025

Speaker  752:00
Um, all right, Brandon, I know we've got a lot to cover, so I will pass it over to you, and let's get let's get rolling. Absolutely

Speaker  2816:00
good to see everyone. So many awesome, familiar faces and names I can't see, but I see Alex and Jonathan. Spector. What's up, brother, good to see you. Franco.

Speaker  6277:20
Franco, yeah. See some cameras on,

Speaker  7109:20
yeah. Always atn, good to see you. So we're, we're just trying to solve, like, what we can do to reduce or mitigate these expenses. So there's a few things to talk about. We've got, you know, some Data Dive updates. We've got camp e com, but the first thing is, like, how do we kind of reduce, you know, this, this massive hit we're all taking. A lot of you, it's really urgent, because you might have stuff on the water or about that you're about to ship out. And so these strategies that I'm going to talk about today, you need to do them the right way. Jamie, you brought up something privately, you're just like, Well, why not just do DDP and lie? And, you know, it seems to be what Chinese sellers are doing, and a lot of sellers are doing. The reality is, I think audits are going to get really intense. I think that you're going to get you have to be very careful who the at the end of the day, the buck stops with you in that case, and you don't want to be, especially if you're a US based company, you don't want to get on a list, because what ends up happening is they start stopping and seizing every single container that has your brand name attached to it, or your products attached to it, and you you'll rack up a ton of expenses every single time a container gets stopped and inspected or held up. You know, it could be 10s of 1000s of dollars per container. So if you're shipping any amount of containers, everyone in the group probably is, you know, dozens or hundreds of containers a year. It adds up really quickly. So I wouldn't take that route. So we're going to talk about a few basic strategies. Let me go ahead and pull it up. I'm

Speaker  34480:00
so I don't know, do you want

Speaker  35216:00
me to do the commercial beforehand? I'll jump in. I'm going to show you guys sqp and data there, uh, seller systems. So another thing that we're doing is we're doing an academy for PPC managers. So for the first time ever, we're going to have a 12 week program where we're giving a certificate and we're training employees. So we're going to give a discount to MDS members to put your people into it. So this is specifically to train your PPC Manager. It will have an initial assessment, a midterm and a final exam, you will they will have two classes a week. It's run like a college level course during the program, they will be actually doing homework and actioning what we're teaching them. So first month is all conversion optimization and and indexing optimization, SEO, and then you jump into some pretty advanced strategies for different types of products. By the end of it, we will level up your PPC. People. The beta is only $1,200 with the discount, and there are only 50 seats. So if you guys want a certain number of seats, make sure you DM me to grab them. I have about half full I haven't fully announced it, but you guys, you know, just let me know. DM me. A lot of my friends in here. I'll put your people into it. Make sure you get a seat. Camp ecom. Camp e comm is coming up. We do have a virtual ticket for the first time ever. It's really uncertain. Times, a lot of you guys are based overseas, or it's tough to get to Cancun for whatever reason, it's more expensive. It's at a five star resort. The resort is off the chain like it's crazy beautiful on the beach, and you can add extra days and bookend extra days, either way, we'll help you with that. But if you want to just do the virtual you'll get both sides. So the feedback we got last two years on Camp e comm was that it's, if you guys aren't familiar with the way we run camp e Comm, it's actually two days of workshops you are in your computer, in a worksheet, learning and doing while someone's talking to you from stage. There are two sides, there's two tactical sides, there's pre launch and post launch. So you will be working on product development, designing products that actually will make a difference, you know, and win. And then on the other side, you're doing traffics and traffic and conversions on the PPC and the post launch side, you get both sides in the replay. Now, since we're doing the virtual we're actually recording it. You get a workbook, you get the worksheets, you get the SOPs. You get to follow along. It's 28 hours of workshops, basically, that you get when you sign up. So check that out as well. You get 35% off if you use the code for MDS. That's the biggest discount we offer, besides inner circle. So check that out. Okay, let's get to what everyone's here for. So the reality is this is low. I think that what we're seeing and what we're able to save people, if you use some of these strategies, is anywhere from 40 to 70% on your tariffs. So there's a couple main strategies. The first is going to be the first sale doctrine, and I'm going to provide everyone here with a worksheet that you can use so that you can break down your products. But basically the way that it works, if I were to break it down, is that the manufacturer is selling to a trading company for $6 this is super, super high level basic, and I'm going to break it down into components for you in a much more detailed way, with the workshop, with the worksheet, right right now, but the trading company sells it to you for 10 you do not pay the tariffs on the $10 you pay the tariffs on the $6 so what ends up happening is, if we were to break down your product into multiple components, let's Say you're selling a diaper bag, which is a pretty easy example, the outer liner, the outer material, the inner liner, the plastic base for to protect from water, the cooler pocket, inner liner, the buttons, the zippers, the odds are your manufacturer is not making any of those things right. They're buying all of these, all of these, all of these different components from different factories, and what you need to do is work with your factory to negotiate with them that all of their profit is really being baked into the to the to this process, to this flipping. You reduce the amount that they're charging you for labor, and you increase their margin on these goods, and the way that in what you're able to do is kind of offset what this expense looks like. So let me, let me pull up that worksheet so you guys can see it.

Speaker  112666:40
So if you're not actually buying from a trading company, you need to be talking about what their raw material supplier, or whatever, and set it up like that.

Speaker  115440:00
Yeah, so you're going to sit down with your logistics company, you're going to sit down with your supplier, and you're going to have a private conversation with them around your product, right? So you're gonna you're gonna say, Let's list out all the components that go into my product. Let's discuss every single element of it. Now, there are other things that are not dutiable that I'm gonna break down for you. There's some additional strategies beyond just components in your product, because there are non dutiable expenses that we'll get into. And what you'll be able to do is you'll say you're buying those buttons and zippers for $1.50 and you were charging me $3 right? So I'm gonna pay the dollar 50. My cogs are now $1.50 on those buttons and zippers, and that dollar 50 that you up, that you charged me, the additional dollar 50, is where your profit was coming from. I don't need to pay for that. I don't need to pay duties on that profit, right? And so you're going to offset and renegotiate where your factory was making their profit, essentially.

Speaker  131760:00
So I'll provide everybody with this worksheet.

Speaker  132832:00
I'll get get a copy to you, but let's, let's take a look at this example here. So we had the outer materials, the inner liners, the zippers, buttons, insulation, pocket, pocket, plastic bottom, and then the changing pad. This is what the actual factory cost was. Now you had instructions of packaging and labor, labor. You have to put it and include it, and you can that is duty able, that is part of making the goods. So you just reduce this amount. Let's say the factory, you know, because the factory probably has never actually line item these things out is the reality of it, right? So you're working with them to do that. Now, the reality is, their labor might actually cost them two or $3 they're making a loss on it. That's not your problem. Your problem, and it's not the problem of the government. So the reality is, you just you make this amount, so it's reasonable, right? The packaging, you have to pay for the packaging. It's part of the cogs. But if they bought the packaging from somewhere else, or if you can, I line item and invoice that somewhere else, and then they were marking it up. That would be another place you can save. But packaging is, is really part of it, the instructions, again, also, but these other components, what you were able to do is save $4 on your cogs, your Declared Value. So if we were to look and we go to the next, the next section here, I

Speaker  155466:40
we're talking about what is dutiable and not doable.

Speaker  156810:39
And you look at the cogs carried over, you've got your $7 your packaging design. I had it twice, so I mean, you can. Of it. It's over here. But and your inserts, manuals, stickers, labels, you've got a total of 785, you've got services here that you can also that you're on. You don't have to pay duties on. So if you get these done from a third party, not your factory, it can't be. It can't be like the same the same factory is owns both sides. That's against the rules. It needs to be a third party that is doing some of these things. Your photography and video needs to be offset your the tool, tooling and molding, especially if you own them, the testing and certifications are an external lab. So these are costs that are often built into the product, cost that can be extracted out. Right? So instead of building them in and amortizing them over the over 1000 products or 5000 units, what you're going to do is you're going to build them separately and reduce your cogs so that your cogs are saved. So what often happens is a factory will work with you and say, Hey, I'm going to give you this design that I made for this for this product. And you're like, that's great. They're baking in the fact that they had R D expenses. They're baking in the fact that they had tooling and molding to develop that right? What you need to do is talk to them and say, What did you invest into that? Let's take that out over the cost, over 2000 units, right? Or 1000 units, and let's take that out and Bill it separately. And now that's going to reduce that cost even further. So you can, you can even reduce, reduce even further. And at the end of the day in the example that we had. And all of these are formulated from those other those other fields. But the

Speaker  188858:40
where is this pointing? 85 cents.

Speaker  191226:40
Oh, maybe it doesn't. I don't know this was additional additional savings, but give me one second,

Speaker  195952:00
and you guys can feel free to make this better, but obviously you're much better at spreadsheets than I am, so even if I have this over so this, you reduce it even further by taking these things out. So now you're saving an additional 85 cents. So now it's $6.15 your old tariffs were $15.95

Speaker  202101:20
no tariff expenses here.

Speaker  203354:40
Total tariffs, new tariffs. This is total cost, tariff savings.

Speaker  206666:40
How do you gage? How would you gage how aggressive to be? I

Speaker  208042:39
think it's just reasonable, right? Like, like, like, the at the end of the day, if you get audited and you have paperwork to back it up, I think you're going to be okay. You can't say that it was two cents in labor to make your product, right. Like, like, you've got to be reasonable here.

Speaker  212224:00
So I guess what this is like for a baby bag or something, right? And yours cost $11 but it's reasonable to it's probably reasonable to assume that some people, some people, are making baby bags at $7 so you're within, like, a reasonable, a reasonable price of what something like that might cost, right?

Speaker  216885:20
The reality is, you can make diaper bags for $4 depending on the material and the quality of the materials, like they're not going to know that you're using a better thickness of, you know, Canvas, right? So you've got to, you've got to be reasonable. But at the end of the day, by you line item, doing this line item, and then you have the paperwork to back it up. The factory shows an invoice like you're going to have to submit this invoice as part of your paperwork that says, This is where the raw material came from. This is how much my factory paid for it. That's why I'm paying that amount, right?

Speaker  226879:59
But it's a deep but the the only invoice they're going to see is going to be one that just says the bag costs $7 or five or whatever. And then if you and then if it gets checked, you then got all this other stuff to support it, or it would all be in one go. You're

Speaker  230917:20
submitting, I think you're submitting as part of it. So there is, there was, give me one second, I'll pull it up.

Speaker  233237:19
Also related to that, does the factory now have to show overhead allocation as well?

Speaker  234901:20
That's where they built in the profit on the the markup of the product, right? So, like, where their profit goes to pay their bills is not, not any concern of yours or the government, right? Because who knows what their overhead is that they have to cover what, what acceptable margin they have? Right? I.

Speaker  241375:59
So Albert saying, so we only pay tariff on the BLM, course, and

Speaker  243215:59
and some other things. I'll get it. I have another sheet to show you, but All right, so this was actually shared from an inner circle member, and I think it's really good, and I'll paste it in to the chat,

Speaker  249589:20
over over characters, so I have to cut this up. Yeah,

Speaker  251610:39
any more questions. Put them in the chat, guys, I can see them, and we will. We'll get to all the questions. So keep putting, keep putting them in the

Speaker  255146:39
chat second.

Speaker  256778:39
I All right, there's two two chats there. I don't know if you could pull up the chat window, but I can copy, let me just copy this over to this sheet here as well. I

Speaker  262405:19
All right. So

Speaker  263605:19
compliance tips, this was a follow up. So clearly, you have to clearly indicate the customs at the time of entry that you're using first sale valuation. You have to, oh, man, give me One second. There was more to this. I

Speaker  274432:00
I'm pasting apologize for that.

Speaker  277503:59
While you guys are waiting Bell and putting a link to the WhatsApp group for the mobile call. Some of you may not be on it. Yes, I'll put it right. Join that. Join that. Join that while we're waiting. But yeah, key to questions coming as well, guys. So yeah, we will get to we'll get to everything.

Speaker  283445:20
I I just wrap that.

Speaker  285610:40
All right, so there's two genuine sales. So the eligibility, eligibility requirements are that there's two genuine sales, so there must be between two different companies. The manufacturer cannot be the same company. So it's an intermediary to you, and that intermediary is basically the one putting the stuff together, right? That's your factory, the arms length transaction. So the first sale must be at market prices, is what they call it. Who knows what market prices are? But if I go on 1688, I can find buttons for 10 cents. I can buy find buttons for $4 right? What's market price? As long as you can point to a listing on a wholesale site for a product, you can probably say that it's reasonable, right, unaffected by any special relationship between the buyer and the seller. Must be a US destination. They must be intended for export to the US from the moment of the first sale. And the documentation needed. So you do need both invoices, you have to submit both the original manufacturer to middleman invoice, and your final invoice showing the difference.

Speaker  305936:00
Okay, so your supplier, so your supplier would be the middleman, and then you would need the invoices of them buying the raw materials, etc,

Speaker  307648:00
exactly. And this is where you have to sit down with your factory and say, Look, I'm reducing this, or this is a partnership. This is what we're going to do. Let's look at the product and component costs for everything, and then you need to have them create invoices with their supplier. Don't get into the details as to whether that's really their supplier, really the cost they paid. You just need to sit down with them and negotiate with them and say, we need an invoice that shows these prices, right? Like we need to show where this is being built in. And as long as you get that from them, you know you're the burden of proof is, is not on you in that in that instance, I don't think, as long as those prices are reasonable, this is my understanding to take, interpret that and do with it as you please. Is my my thing, right? And. Go have a lot of tea with your if you can get over to China, go have a lot of tea with your suppliers, and sit down and take out a scratch pad and write down the two columns, right? And then say, I need an invoice for these things from your suppliers. And then they'll spin them up so you you provide those, you'll have the purchase orders and the proof of payment. I don't know that. You know purchase orders, proof of payment. I don't know proof of payment to your supplier, maybe, but you have to maintain the records, proving both transactions and payments, shipping records, bills of lading or other documents, demonstrating us bound shipping, that's normal, and then supporting documentation. So additional contracts, correspondence, production records. Try to keep a lot of this stuff. Keep a paper trail of your communications. Talk to your factory. Hey, I see you bought this stuff over there. What was your cost? Spin up some communications with them in Slack or WeChat, or whatever. And then you can, you can print those out as additional evidence as needed. The odds are you're not going to need a lot of the supporting evidence, unless you're audited, and then you'll spin a lot of that up. But the two invoices, you do need a few of these things you do need right away. So it's a lot more work. It's a pain in the ass, obviously, but, but at the end of the day, I mean this, I've seen this being on the low end, 40, 44% I mean, you're, you're able, depending on the type of product and how many components there are, you're able to do quite a bit more here. So that's the first step. The second step that we're going to talk about, like, I think, is a deferral. So I spoke with Spencer over at Bloomberg, and then he published his article yesterday. I don't know if you guys saw it, but it had to do with bonded warehouses. So the way bonded warehouses work is you send your goods directly into the bonded warehouse, even though they are on the United States State soil, it doesn't count as the goods entering the United States until it leaves the bonded warehouse, meaning you don't need to pay the tariffs on the goods as long as they stay in the bonded warehouse and don't leave the bonded warehouse, you only pay once they leave the warehouse, so you'll Be able to basically kick the can down the road and manage your cash flow. Because I think a lot of us getting a surprise million dollar, you know, tariff bill would put a lot of us out of business, right? I mean, ideally, we're running as lean as possible, but we're, you know, we're pushing, we're always pushing for growth. That's a very big bill that a lot of us can get. You know, 100,000 $200,000 container just became 450,000 or 500,000 Right? Like, it's, it's a lot. So if you can reroute to bonded warehousing, it's, it's, it's ideal, but most of the bonded warehouses are just slammed right now with orders because of it. And in America, it's a shitty six month process to get bonding but in a Canada it's literally just they submit some documents and they can have it next week. So if you have stuff that's ready to ship out, and you you can't find a bonded warehouse in the United States, consider going to Canada, send it in through Vancouver, and find a Canadian warehouse to store it in and then that way you can truck it across the border as needed, to kind of defer your your expenses here as well. Let's go back to the first sale. I think we had some other questions, John. John, you okay? So

Speaker  378341:20
yeah, John, to your question. Yeah,

Speaker  378709:20
sure, I was just wondering. So this is essentially, it's a little bit more transparency, because you're, you're remaining the importer of record, but you're, you're bringing it in on that lower rate, basically because of the profit margin, etc.

Speaker  382202:40
And you can't call it, you can't call it the profit margin, okay,

Speaker  383290:40
so they're, they're, they're markup from the cost of goods, the real cost of goods, right? Yeah, exactly, yeah. So I guess your first statement before you started talking was that you didn't want that using DDP was in some ways not legal. No,

Speaker  388016:00
DDP is fine. But I think what a lot of DDP sell companies are doing right now is just lying. Got

Speaker  389749:20
it so. But essentially, if I'm going DDP, and the importer of record is my factory, and they import it and do what they do, ultimately, why do I care? Isn't it them, that's the importer of record, and, you know, obviously I'm not advising them to lie or manipulate. But if, if they come in and somehow their their container is flagged and inspected, yes, I would be potentially the one responsible for the inspection, because they would come back to me, but they're the importer of record, not me, and, you know, it's on them, it's not on me.

Speaker  399930:40
Yeah. Think at the end of the day, like you would get flagged

Speaker  401008:00
so as the final recipient, like, how does, how does that? I mean, like, you know, there's many large corporations that use DDP, and ultimately, what that supplier is bringing it in as and claiming on their invoices is not necessarily a reflection on how I do business or import. Well, keep in mind also,

Speaker  405877:20
you're not just dealing with the US government. You're dealing with the Chinese government with VAT. So if they're, if they're not being accurate on VAT exports, that's that used to be like a capital punishment in China, up to a certain degree, like death penalty. And so if they decide to link you and, you know, like, ban you from doing business in China, or, you know, anything like that, that's their prerogative, right? Again, chances are likely that's right, unlikely, but if you want to play that game, but sometimes if, if they're doing that for a lot of customers, then the reliability of that exporter over time may be right

Speaker  414394:40
as well. I mean, let just assuming the actual legitimacy of this, right? Like, if I'm buying something for $10 clearly they're making a markup. So if they're exporting it at $7 they're not necessarily lying. It's their cost of good. Well, the

Speaker  418400:00
reality, the reality is what they're doing is they're, they're telling, they're telling the US customs that it's $1 they're not even saying it's seven, right? Like this is this, is this, is the problem, right? So, and you can't just say I didn't know and plead ignorance, because you're, you're a Consignee, like, like, when you do a DDP, like, the convert, the fact that you're a Consignee, like, is where they get you.

Speaker  424661:20
So it's like, the you knew or should have known,

Speaker  425813:20
right? And you can't, you can't plead ignorance. So

Speaker  427626:40
I mean, I guess it's, quite frankly, it's not black and white. None of this stuff is black and white, but DDP is a legitimate legal process for receiving shipments here, and so, you know, assuming they are marking it to their cost of good, whatever that may be, here's

Speaker  432026:40
what you can do, here's what you can do.

Speaker  434080:00
And I don't know that it would work 100% but if you were to get your supplier or your your your DDP logistics company to sign an indemnification clause and to provide you invoices that say that show what they're declaring at right, even if it's not real, right? Which most of them will never give you, like they just never give you paperwork. They refuse to do it. But if you get them to give you some kind of paperwork and you you can show I did my homework. I saw that, you know, they said they were doing something, they lied to me, you know, and I have then signed this indemnification clause that if anything goes wrong, they're responsible. Maybe that's enough to where you you don't get super fucked. But got it right. But the reality is, like, they don't often do that right. Like, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll never give you paperwork. They refuse to do it most of the time. But

Speaker  451216:00
I feel like this would work well with DDP, right? Like, because you can still do this strategy with DDP, or no, yeah.

Speaker  453024:00
I mean, this is you're basically going to report the cogs to to your even in DDP, they're supposed to be accurate with your cogs. The reality is, the reason DDP is cheaper is because the importer is often lying. But I think that the number of audits is going to go through the roof. Now, number of people they have to actually handle these audits, but I can see a massive spike in audits happening, and I think DDP will be the first place they attack, especially

Speaker  460170:40
because the importer of record will be a Chinese company, and so they'll just assume they're going after a Chinese company. Well,

Speaker  461594:40
I just don't understand how to reconcile the invoice that I have with my manufacturer for for what I pay, for my cost of goods, and for the record of this strategy that we're talking about first, do you want to give me an example of a product that you have? So I sell a dog seat cover, right? So there's a lot of components to it, massive amount of all that data, yeah. How does the invoice look? Does it? Does it have a separate line on them for like, there will probably

Speaker  468544:00
be four or five invoices from your factory from different places. They bought different things that you need to provide. Yeah, a different, different cost to what they charged you.

Speaker  471301:20
Yeah, exactly, because they have a markup on it and everything like that, right, right, right. But, and we, and we remove all of those things out of it, even, you know, you, you order 1000 clips, a few of them are broken, yeah, but I don't want to pay for that at the macro. I want to pay, like, if it's two cents a clip, then I want to pay two cents a clip, and then you bill me for the clips that are broken, that show up, that you can't use, or whatever, in a separate invoice. And we can deal with that separately, right? But, but it's like, and, and I, I get that a little bit, but, like, I need an invoice, right? Of this is what I'm paying my manufacturer with my current terms. And then this is what I'm claiming for my import. And it's perfectly fine that I have these two different invoices.

Speaker  481584:00
Because, of course, because that what you all you're showing is the like, the difference between the two is the profit of the factory, like, essentially the markup of what they're marking me up for, yeah, but that's, you know, you don't call it that, but I think that's, that's, that's how the factory stays in business, right?

Speaker  486101:20
We need separate payments too. What's that do? We need to have separate payments for those two or can No, because

Speaker  487989:20
you're not making the initial sale. So they are the initial purchase the factory is, or your supplier is.

Speaker  490037:20
In the case of this strategy, you just show us, can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, I got you, yeah. So can I just give this to them, since I'm doing GP, and then they ask them to do it, and then send me a copy. So they're gonna do this and push the information GP, and they also have a copy for me for my for security purposes. So if you need to show something link, would you work?

Speaker  496672:00
Yeah. I mean, I think if, if you're just gonna, you know, have them do it, you need, you still need their invoices, is the thing, right? Like, so you need to show, you need to declare that you're doing first sale doctrine, and you need to show the two, the two invoices is basically what they're telling you you have to do, yeah.

Speaker  501392:00
But in this case, since it's GDP, they're going to do it, because GDP, they do the dispatch,

Speaker  502949:20
I think what you would be doing is just telling them that what your cogs are, and then the DDP importer is going to is going to use that amount, supposedly. But the reality is, they use, like, 110, like, you know, this is why they they're able to do it cheaper.

Speaker  507610:40
Got it okay? I'm gonna try the supply, right?

Speaker  509114:40
So we got a question from June, which is, how does the first sale doctrine apply to unfinished goods?

Speaker  511114:40
So

Speaker  511786:40
I think any component and any unfinished good, it works. It works the same. So, like, if you can do it down to the component level, like finished or unfinished, I think it works the same. So if where, where are you bringing the unfinished goods to? The difference is, you have an initial supplier or manufacturer of the goods. You have, where you bought it from. Those are the two places. And then you have what you paid and what they paid. And then the difference, no matter what the good is or what the product is finished or unfinished, is you pay the tariff on the first purchase, not not on what you paid.

Speaker  521157:20
Jennifer has a question, if our factory has vers integration to mill the cotton into fabric, then they use that to make the finished product with the first sales doctor, and go back to the raw cotton.

Speaker  524330:40
So if they're spinning up their own materials, maybe not right? Like I think that maybe the initial cotton cost, you can try to build something into that you would still have some kind of labor, labor in there, the same way I showed you there. I had a line item for labor. But I think that if you can probably get the raw material, and maybe that's what you were talking about, June is, like the raw material, or unfinished material, you could probably get that reduced as well, because they're marking that up. So you would say, you know, there's a bundle. It makes x amount of products. We're paying 10 cents a unit to our supplier for this cotton, and I'm charging you $1 because we spend it, or whatever you might you might be able to save a significant

Speaker  537653:20
amount there. Brandon, this is not the same as the IP concept of first sale doctrine, right? Because in intellectual property, there is a concept of that, but it's more for finished goods.

Speaker  540698:40
Yeah, that's gonna be different. Okay, gotcha, yeah, Greg, look who popped up here. Beautiful bald man. I miss you. All right.

Speaker  544218:40
Okay, so if you did, what if you did get audited, what would that look like? What would happen, and how much would it cost to put defense together

Speaker  547008:00
if you were audited? Yeah, so, I mean, we had to get a an attorney, logistics attorney. Well, not logistics attorney, but, uh, I don't know if it was called the importer attorney, importing attorney, but it was a specific probably, yeah, whatever. Like, he wasn't that expensive. I mean, hourly is reasonable compared to most. You just negotiate, right? Like, you just, like they, you put all the paperwork and all the stuff together in the case together, and then submit it. I imagine it's going to be anyway. To be anywhere from 2500 to $5,000 a drop in the bucket, compared to what you'll probably save. And as long as you've got your ducks in a row, and you're, you're following like the strategy, and you get, you actually get the invoices, you know, and the these, the evidence that they're looking for, I think you'll be. All right, I think it'll get approved and cleared. Just be reasonable on the expense, right? Like, don't say, you know, that's something that is normally $5 you only paid 30 cents on right? Like, just, just be careful.

Speaker  564000:00
Okay, so what's Do you have any bonded warehouses you recommend? Or, like, a resource for finding bonded warehouses?

Speaker  566085:20
There was one mentioned

Speaker  567125:19
in the article from Spencer. It's, it's like a, you know, a site you can that warehouses advertise on, and I think that a lot of them are getting full really quickly.

Speaker  570853:19
I don't know, really quickly,

Speaker  571818:40
okay, what was mentioned in the article? Yeah.

Speaker  572778:40
So someone's saying, if, like, a 30% discount wouldn't be too aggressive, right? I guess you're saying most people are going for more. Most people are going for 5060, on this

Speaker  575962:40
I've seen 50 to I've seen 40 to 70 be the range. So I think it's, I think it's reasonable to save a significant amount.

Speaker  579087:59
Brian and I miss what, what you were talking about, you're talking about importing under the first sale doctrine. So what, what your sourcing agent will be buying for versus what he's selling to you for

Speaker  582597:19
correct, and even at the component level, right? So you might even go back, you'd be able to go back a layer, layer earlier, to that like so if you were to break down. So let me, let me share again. I'll share it. Share the worksheet with you in the example really quickly. Yeah,

Speaker  587418:40
it's I can speak to what happens if customs audits you, because I've been through it.

Speaker  589514:39
Greg, how likely do you think it is that they're going to go after DDP shipments?

Speaker  591338:40
Very likely, very I was actually just on a call with, with, with the chairman on my auto parts business, and we were talking about some of this because we have, like, the biggest competitor in our space is, like, declaring auto parts as, like textiles and paper and all sorts of weird stuff on DEP terms as well. So they're, they're probably going to get whacked, right? But

Speaker  599397:19
presumably they would need a ton of manpower to to order, even 0.1% of what's coming through, right? There's boats and boats and boats coming into the US, right? It's even if they get all the people in the world, it's going to be a drop in the ocean while drop in the ocean, what they're actually going to be able

Speaker  604266:40
to look into, yeah. I mean, who knows what Elon put them as

Speaker  605466:40
somebody who worked for customs and border protection in DC. Yes, that's absolutely correct. The amount of stuff that gets checked at the border is like one straw out of a whole pile of straws. You know, it is, it is probably, it's way less than 1% or point 1% probably, and Customs and Border Protection,

Speaker  610687:59
really, you know, the the problem with that theory, though, Brandon, is that it is for that now. But the problem is with that theory, Brandon is now they have AI, yeah, so also

Speaker  613589:20
have, I mean, they get a lot easier amount of and as somebody who worked for customers of Border Protection, I can tell you that they're tracking absolutely everything and putting in tons of algorithms, and that things randomly pop up on your computer screen because there's, like, discrepancies and, like, what has been, yeah, I think it's only going to get more sophisticated. They follow all the money if you're, if you're making bank transactions. And then they're looking at every you know, piece of cargo that's coming through that runs to a an invoice that has that same name on it.

Speaker  621242:39
Okay? So, I mean,

Speaker  622106:40
are they, are they going to go back and start checking old shipments? They stopped.

Speaker  623450:40
They did that with us. I mean, they do,

Speaker  624431:59
they will look back also,

Speaker  625375:59
yeah, go ahead. Was one of those look back people. I could look up everything in your bank account and everything you've spent money on, and every how it's crazy how much information they have, and it all links together with just clicking through stuff. And so they can follow the paper trail. And it's all money, everything, and the criminal world is all money. You track the money, and you track what's happening. So, I mean, I think the Brandon, Brandon strategy sounds pretty reasonable. I mean, everything seems reasonable the problem, but I do see I've had a couple people reach out recently. Oh yeah, we just have a middleman. There's a couple layers of buffer. We're just claiming less. And I'm like, No, I don't want to go to prison.

Speaker  635898:39
So obviously, Americans need stakes.

Speaker  637642:39
So what, what ended up happening with with us is we've, we've done this for years, exactly what you're proposing. Yeah. And the way we got flagged, and this is speculation, is someone on the team submitted the actual invoice of like, with everything included, and then they went back and filed an updated entry with customs. So

Speaker  645717:20
it reset, it reset your cogs, and then, and then, then they thought that you under, you were under, declaring previous invoices.

Speaker  647925:19
Yeah. So it's like, just, just as an example, it would be like, Okay, you sent a customs entry in at $100,000 and then you're like, oh, wait a minute, that was wrong. Let me send you an updated we're updating that entry. The value is actually $60,000 right? And what that triggered was that triggered they wanted a they wanted an internal five year audit of every single shipment. That's insanity. And we got back to him with, uh, with a sample internal audit. You needed documentation from overseas. They wanted all the wire transfers tied out, and they wanted, they didn't give you a methodology to use. They wanted you to come up with a methodology that was pretty much universally applied to all those shipments, and then a calculation of what your what, what they would view as an underpayment, and then they want a payment for

Speaker  664469:20
that right, exactly.

Speaker  665813:20
So, I mean, in our case, the underpayment, we calculated it, I think it was like, somewhere close to $200,000 but we couldn't get a confirmation from customs. If they were, like, satisfied with the audit, they were like, oh, pay us that $200,000

Speaker  670842:39
so

Speaker  671594:40
you do run the risk of kind of opening

Speaker  673072:00
a five year box of warms, yeah.

Speaker  673663:59
Well, the other thing is this, right? It can go the other way as well. You have a look back period, apparently, of up to 300 days where you if you were overpaying for the previous year. If you get your ducks in a row, and you can, you can get the methodology lined up, and you can get all these invoices reworked with your factories. You can go back and apply for a refund for the last 300 days of shipments. So that's a possibility. If anyone wants to spin up a business that does that for people and then takes a percentage, you can be the next getida.

Speaker  683578:40
I've actually done that one as well. We had a whole bunch of tariff codes that back when the exemptions were there, those weren't applied, and we did a 360 day look back and updated those entries and started getting checks from US Treasury in the mail.

Speaker  688026:39
That's awesome, yeah. And so being able to automate that in some fashion, or creating invoices, or, like, you know, that's, that's the way to go. So, I mean, basically what, what I was saying, Greg, is, you know, the individual components of every single part of your product, you know, can be drawn out with two invoices or multiple invoices. You'll have the first sale, you'll have what you pay and then that, presumably, that difference is where the profit of your factory is, but it doesn't matter to you, and you're going to pay the tariffs on this. But you can also deduct additional things. You can deduct, you know, the packaging design, whether that was built into the Kat, the cogs, the inserts and manuals. You can print them separately, and then those can be backed out, the stickers and labels, the product photography, the molding, the tooling. If all of these costs, those initial costs, were just baked into the cogs, you pull them out, you pay those separately, and then you reduce the cogs further within your invoice. And so you can end up saving additional savings here, and this is part of the servicing services that that are not duty able, and then you end up here. So I mean, if you were to even reduce significantly, let's say that it was

Speaker  708400:00
even even going even further, right? I

Speaker  710453:19
you know, the more you can get this beat down, you know, the the bigger your savings get. So I think reasonable, just from first sale doctrine with the right paperwork, is 40 to 70% savings for everybody as long as you can, you know, you get the right people to do the right invoices. But you gotta, gotta have some tea with your supplier, and you gotta, you gotta really sit down and say, we're going to do this together. We're going to figure out what these root costs, these costs really are for these invoices, and and get them, get them hashed out.

Speaker  718602:40
Okay, so I.

Speaker  720159:59
June sent a link saying, is this it? So I don't know. Brandon, could you check that to see if that is the first sale doctrine that we're talking about? It?

Speaker  723119:59
Way Lynn says that there's an article on fortune

Speaker  724480:00
about DDP. Put a link in there. I

Speaker  726101:20
And Alex said there was

Speaker  727013:20
apparently someone on MDS is being audited.

Speaker  729765:19
Albert's saying he thinks, aren't there many Chinese sellers doing if they form an entity in Hong Kong came to buy inventory for a supplier in China at a very cheap price. The company from the Hong Kong entity, used the first sale rule to lower tariffs.

Speaker  733946:40
Have you heard of that Brandon?

Speaker  734298:39
No. What is that?

Speaker  735242:39
He says that Chinese sellers might be forming a Hong Kong entity and then claiming to buy inventory from supplier in from a supplier in China at a very cheap price, and then become and then the main company will then buy from the Hong Kong entity and use a first sale doctrine.

Speaker  740463:59
Yeah. I mean, that's that's another way to that they're going to get around it for sure. It's funny enough. I opened up a Hong Kong entity last year. I haven't used it, but that might be a good, good reason to use it. It has to be separate, separate owners, or whatever it have to be. So you do need, again, any it has to be arms lengths transactions. So that's basically just different, different owners. Can't be the same owner with two different entities, so you have to be careful

Speaker  746981:19
there. So if my widget was previously $5 I was previously doing it for $5 but I'm now importing it for $2 is that the sort of thing that might attract attention?

Speaker  749946:40
No, the reality is, we didn't have, a lot of us didn't have tariffs previously, and we just weren't bothering to do this and break these costs out, and now that, now that there's a huge tariff, like, we're incentivized to do it, and that's, that's enough of a case for them to understand why the numbers are different, right? So you're just like, previously, it didn't matter, like, I wasn't paying tariffs, like I was. It was like, you know, $7 $7 but the reality is, what's dutiable is only $3 of that, so I'm gonna pay you on your $3 and as long as you've got the paperwork to support that. I think it's reasonable.

Speaker  758485:20
All right, June's got another question. Do you want to ask it on you? June,

Speaker  759893:19
I have a Hong Kong entity, and we are not related. So how would that work?

Speaker  761333:20
Maybe you can open up a service where you are a trading company, June, and you're just taking a percentage of all the money you're saving people in tariffs,

Speaker  763882:40
you can open up your your new trading company,

Speaker  764634:40
and I live here, but

Speaker  765466:40
there's a requirement about fixed pricing established before export. Does that mean that the supplier always has to have the same price? Then,

Speaker  768282:40
you know, I think that it's

Speaker  769024:00
for for each order. Obviously, place prices fluctuate, and so you would, there was also something around that the initial purchase was for intended export to the United States. The reality is, what percentage of that initial order was for us versus, like, maybe domestic customers, who knows, right? So, if they bought 1000 units, but we only needed 200 zippers, and they bought 1000 zippers, 800 were for other bags going to other locations around the world, who knows? Right? Like, it doesn't matter to us what? What matters is the cost per unit for that purchase.

Speaker  779397:19
So, I do want to, if there's anything else here, I'll get this worksheet. It's super simple worksheet, but it breaks down some of the rules. There are some additional rules there that you guys can do research on, and I'll include as well in an additional document I wanted to get also to show you guys the sqp that's within Data Dive that we just released. I don't know if everyone had a chance to see it, but I can do that really quickly. And then I know a lot of you already use rank radar and Data Dive, but a lot of people don't know that. There's a few things you can click on. So one of the things is, if you have your PPC data pulled up, if you click on the individual box, like this is exact phrase, broad and auto, the keyword is over here, so you're basically, this is the data for the keyword, your heat map for the keyword, your conversion rate, your this is all your PPC performance. If you click the exact number here, it'll pull up the exact campaign. It'll actually pull up the campaign. But if you click any number in the PPC data, it pulls up all the targets and all the campaigns that target that keyword. So that way you can see where those where the This performance is coming from. So in this example here, you can. See that the majority of the clicks and sales are coming from the exact campaign, if that that makes sense. So that's just an update there that a lot of people weren't aware of in the in the rank radar.

Speaker  804096:00
So now, yeah, that's what we're going to cover on the we'll go deep on this in the next call, right? Yeah,

Speaker  805589:20
we'll actually do a class on sqp And why it's useful. I think this is just so people who know how to use sqp already, or at least want to get out like they already have data dive. I just want them to know where to click and what to do, so make sure you activate it. So this one, here's the sqp data. Once you plug in sqp data, you can drop you drop down and hit the button, and then your sqp populates. But it's only a partial sample of it here. If you click on any of the numbers right in the sqp data, at the keyword, it pulls up your sqp now, sqp. The funny thing about sqp is that it's weekly, right? So at any given time you're only going to have three or four weeks of data, and you need to know what's happening week to week, so the trends of those weeks are also important. So if you click on any of the data points, it pulls up the entire sqp report down here for you, so you get all of the data, and so you'll be able to see and then the biggest reason to use sqp, really, is as benchmarking to see how you're doing versus the competition on a keyword for, you know, for different you know, whether it's click through rate, conversion rate, add to cart, so the ACE and share percentage and the total click through rate. So the average click through rate for everybody on this keyword is 2.33% and you're at and we're at 5.61% so we're significantly better here. So that's a good thing, right? If it was less than that, then there's some issues, right? Then that tells you that you have maybe, maybe a relevancy issue, a price point issue, or a view issue, like the the the spec, the specificity or the relevancy of that keyword might not be right, and so you need to look at it. Maybe you're wasting money. And then you can see how you're doing on purchases here. And then, you know, you look at the entire line, and you can really understand the health of this keyword and whether you should be spending more or less money, especially if you look at like your impression share. So impression rank here for this keyword is three, which means two competitors are spending more money than me. All of this information here is telling me I should probably spend more money on this keyword. I should probably push from number nine or five to four, right? But if you look from week to week, it goes from oldest to newest. You can also see, am I improving or or am I getting worse. So if I look at my my asin conversion and the total conversion, you know, am I trending in the right direction or the wrong direction, and am I beating the competitors as well? So you could really see the difference. Here's another keyword as well that isn't converting on sqp, and we're not indexed for it. And that's the that's why there's no there's no organic placement. We have a huge indexing issue, and so we're able to identify that in another way, right besides looking at the heat map. So that's available now in rank radar, and we're, you know, going to be teaching classes more around like how to use sqp to make better PPC decisions, identify gaps and opportunities to spend more, more or less money or fix some things. But you're next

Speaker  855861:20
on 21st of May. So is that what we'll be focusing on? Then?

Speaker  857141:20
I can't do 21st because I'm going to be at Camp econ 21st

Speaker  858021:19
Oh, that's right. No, that's I hope it was a different date, sorry, hound, yeah, an old an old message. Yeah, we did a great day. I'll look it up one sec, but yeah, that's what we'll cover on the next call.

Speaker  861002:40
Yeah, yeah. And I'll have a workshop that I can lead everybody through. It'll be kind of like what we're doing for camp e comm. So we'll, I'll do something with everybody, but for everyone that missed it earlier, campy come now has a virtual ticket. So if you don't want to go to Paradise and Cancun and hang out for a few days for workshops, then you can just buy the workshops, the virtual workshops you get both sides, pre launch and post launch. So and the discount code gives you guys 35% off the MDS discount code.

Speaker  869775:59
That would be nice.

Speaker  870437:19
Hopefully you guys save 10s of 1000s or hundreds of 1000s of dollars today. You know, fuck taxes. I'm not a big fan of taxes and tariff. Tariffs are taxes, so let's, let's not pay those.

Speaker  874341:20
All right, yeah, so I think that may 28 is going to be the next call guys. So may 28 we'll go we'll do a deep dive on this sqp And the new features on data type. All right. Thanks, guys. Good to see everybody. We'll just put a link to the feedback form in a. Sec. So please give us just a quick feedback. Do appreciate those as well? So that should be in the chat in a sec. Oh yeah, that's in the chat. There you go. So if you just give us a quick score out of 10 for the call, really appreciate feedback on these calls. Yeah, all right, see you guys later. Bye. Guys, bye.
