Coaching Call with Steve Taylor March 2025
Date: March 07, 2025

Speaker  00:00
We had 20 some odd people.

Speaker  896:00
All right for the recording. My name is Steve Taylor. Thank you all for joining this conversation. We are going to talk about chaos to clarity, the three biggest founder challenges for context. I am a business owner, a business operator, a tech founder, and now an executive coach. So I have a, I think, some, a depth and breadth of of insight into what founders and CEOs deal with on a regular basis. I have a few slides that I'm going to share. But before we begin, just some added stuff. I think we have, I said, 20 or so people registered. It seems to me that the cohort in terms of revenue, is doing anywhere from 2.5 million to north of 5 million somewhere around there. But I think this conversation will apply to really anybody, whether you're bootstrapped, whether you're venture backed, whether you have 15 employees or you have no employees, the things that we're talking about here are going to apply again, as a as an operator and owner of businesses and an executive coach, I have a perspective on what executives and founders of lots of different stripes are dealing with, and I've I bucket them in this presentation into three different categories, which I'll get into now. So let me share my screen and we'll get started. All right, everybody should see should see that. All right, great. So I introduce myself again. Steve Taylor, I'm an executive coach. I also own and operate businesses, and I've been a tech founder. I'll get into a little bit more of my background shortly. We're going to talk through the goal of this discussion, I want to level set up front, what this is, what this isn't, what you can expect from this discussion. I'll get a little bit about my background again, what some of the credibility that I think that I bring to this discussion. We'll get into the three biggest founder challenges, and that's where I really want there to be a conversation. This shouldn't be a monolog. I would love to be able to learn as much as you all from this conversation. We're going to talk about challenges. We're going to talk about symptoms, causes, and then tools, and some of the tools that I have personally used, that I have coach founders to use, but if there are other tools that you all are using, would love to hear. And then we'll do Q and A at the end. And then again, we'll do Q and A throughout. I'll take time in between each challenge to have a discussion. So goal of the discussion so learn, and I should also include discuss the tools to solve the most common founder challenges that we have. Brief overview on my background. I was in the Navy for 10 years. After serving in the Navy, my last job was at the White House. I've worked in the Bush White House. Worked on Contin government, continuity of operations. I left the Navy after 10 years as an aviator. You can see up in there that for upper left hand side, that's me off the coast of Iraq in the Persian Gulf in 2003 I got into consulting. I was a management of consulting, a consultant for 10 years, or excuse me, for five years during that time, I started doing some angel investing consulting. I realized even as I was doing it wasn't really for me and the consulting. I started doing angel investing as a way to scratch the entrepreneurial itch that I had. It was through the angel investing that I met the early team at Lyft. So I was hired as one of the first general managers at Lyft in DC to run the DC business, I over five years, I grew that business from just the little box around DC to the entire Mid Atlantic to all of New York to the majority of rides on the East Coast. I had a $500 million p and l ran everything from product to policy, retail operations and everything in between. I left nine months after we went public, great learning experience, and since then, I've been a three time COO, a two time founder. I've had two exits, and I've worked in everything from transportation to health and wellness to technology repair, and now I do executive coaching for executives at publicly traded companies, heads of investment firms and startup executives and founders that are backed by some, some of the top tier VCs out there, Founders Fund Sequoia, Bessemer, Lightspeed ventures, etc. So that's my background. That's the experience that I'm now bringing to this conversation. I will say also, just to level set on the coaching stuff, I I meet right now with 48 different CEOs and executives each month. And the to sort of scale it out, the about eight or so are doing anywhere between one and $5 million per year. About six are doing five to 20,000,022 so the largest cohort is doing anywhere from 20 to 75 million per year than I have about a dozen that are doing $75 million plus. And again, I share that, not just to give more more background on me, but to share that what we're discussing today is really relevant across all different sizes of companies, whether you're a veteran. Back whether you're bootstrapped and whether you're a controller, whether you're the CEO or whether you're the chief technology officer at one of these companies. All right, so let's get into the three biggest founder challenges that I encounter. The first one is overload. Overload. People are overloaded. You all are overloaded with too much to do. It's difficult to prioritize, it's difficult to focus. You're likely feeling overwhelmed, and right now, a lot of you are probably in meetings. Chad, you and I talked earlier, you you maybe only have one person on your team right now. Maybe you don't suffer from this problem, but if you have any sizable team, or even if you're just dealing with clients or investors, a lot of your time is spent in meetings, and not enough of your time is spent doing deep work and strategic thinking. You're not sitting in that visionary role that you need to be. You don't have an integrator. You don't have an operator, or you are the operator spending way too much time focused on meetings and not enough doing the visionary, deep work that you need to be doing to continue growing the business. The second is uncertainty. And really what this comes down to is a lack of confidence in the decisions that you are making. As a founder, as a CEO, as an executive of any stripe, your job is to make good decisions like full stop. That's That's what your job is. You are not paid for output. You are paid for judgment. And so one of the challenges that I find is that people lack certainty in the terms of the decisions that they are making. And there are several root causes for this, which we'll get into. And then finally, it's distraction. We live in a very distracted world, emails, customer requests, boards, the need to invest, to raise capital, all leads to the fragmentation of our attention. Hopefully, everybody identifies with these different different challenges. So the first one, overload. Symptoms of overload, bad prioritization, lack of strategic focus, feeling burnt out, feeling like you have way too much to do, not enough, not enough time in the day to do all this different work, the causes, firefighting, personnel, management, transitioning from Doer to leader. And I will say this last bullet right here, the doer to leader. One is the is one of the most difficult things I find. The founders struggle with. If you're a repeat founder, you maybe struggle a little less. But if you are a first time founder, especially oftentimes you are a strong individual contributor, you are now moving into a leadership role, and that transition that turning the bend is often very, very difficult for people, and so you feel overwhelmed. You're not thinking about delegation, you're not thinking about empowerment, you're not thinking about hiring a players. So the workload just continues to build and build as you sit in that Doer spot. You're the doer CEO, not the leader CEO that you need to be. And then solutions. This is really about prioritization. How are you thinking about segmentation, segmentation and delegation of the work and the developing and operating rhythm. And what we'll get into this is not just a discussion on solutions. We're going to get in some actual tools. And at that point, in two slides from now, I want to open up the discussion to understand how you all think about dealing with overload and solving for this overload problem, I put a screenshot here of this Elon's five step algorithm, and I do so to share that what I worked for one of Elon's presidents, the president of sales and support, a guy named John McNeil left Tesla To become this Chief Operating Officer at Lyft and I, and I worked for him, and he taught us this. So this is now sort of a popular meme on on on x and on LinkedIn. People talk about this algorithm that that Elon has, questioning every requirement, removing unnecessary steps, simplifying and optimizing, accelerating cycle time and automating. It's a really great clip if you haven't seen it, but, but this, to me, captures what you can do to help solve for overload, how you think about how you think about eliminating different steps throughout the process, how you think about simplifying and how you think about automating your processes. And it's something that John McNeil brought to lift, something that I learned directly from him, who he learned from Elon. And here are some of the tools that I have found to be extremely helpful, both in operating businesses and coaching others who are founding businesses as they think about how to overcome

Speaker  147632:00
overload, overcome overload. So the first is, you know, you look at peep. So this is an acronym prioritized to become effective, to be efficient to be productive. If you think about what these three things mean, it's easy to glance over like, Okay, I kind of know what that what all those words mean, but the way to think about this is prioritization. Is about choosing the right thing to do. Being effective is doing the right things to get the results that you want. Being effective is doing things the right way, and being productive is doing more with less. So that is how I like to think about overcoming workload, and that's how I like to think about the steps that I need to take to get from prioritization to productivity along the way. We're going to get into the one thing review process shortly, but the first thing I like to do when I'm working with the client is at the beginning of the. Each week, I send them three questions, and I simply ask them, What accomplishment this week will make everything else in your business easier or unnecessary, what challenges if solved, would accelerate your progress, and what new idea if implemented, would meaningfully impact your work or your life. And it's a five minute very quick thing, usually over text message. And those three simple questions, what is the one accomplishment? What is the one challenge? What is the new idea or insight that, if implemented, will make everything else easier or unnecessary, helps the clients that I work with really focus on what is the one thing that I need to prioritize this week, especially as the founder, especially as a CEO, there's lots of things to be doing, but how do you overcome overload? Is making sure you are hyper aware of what the priority for that week is. We can go into effectiveness. We talked a little bit about subtraction, automation and efficiency. The efficiency bullet here, if you look at operating rhythm. So this operating rhythm is something that I took from a digital therapeutics company. I built this at a digital therapeutics company. We raised $75 million from Softbank, and this is how we ran our year. So this operating rhythm here, you can see across weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual across the majority of the team, the senior leadership team, the ELT and the board. And this simple screenshot is how we ran our operating rhythm. This is how we drove accountability. This is how we communicated. This is how we ensure the information was passed correctly to the right members of the right of the team. And this is how we essentially reduced the workload on the planning process. This is how we thought about how we would execute each week, month, quarter and year. And then finally, on the RACI we talked about one of those solutions being, how do you think about segmenting and delegating responsibilities the RACI chart. So RACI stands for responsible, accountable, consulted and informed. And so if you look at the spreadsheet here, this is essentially what you're doing is breaking down individual activities or tasks within each department within your business. Maybe it's supply chain, maybe it's operations, maybe it's marketing and sales, break down each task and each responsibility or each each activity, and then within each department, break down the person that is responsible for that, and as the founder, the most important thing you can do is ensure you have the proper number of things you are responsible accountable consultant informed for. When you look through this, most founders say, Well, I'm responsible and accountable for all of it. And yeah, I should be consulted as well. And I should probably be informed before anything gets done. If you have any team at all underneath you, you should be actively thinking about, what are the things that I can delegate? What's the responsibility I can delegate? I may hold ultimate accountability, because it's my company. I am ultimately accountable for everything that comes out of the business, but you need to think about, how do I delegate the responsibility? How do I maybe and then on the consulting informed? Am I consulted on decisions or I'm am I informed after decision is being made? And that is one of the first steps you can take to start freeing up your time and delegating the responsibilities within your businesses. Alright? And as we get here, too small and blurry, okay, cool. Thank you. Alicia, anybody can anybody else see this slide? Is it too small? Too blurry? The details aren't as important. And what I will say is, I want this to be actionable. I have, I'm happy to share any of these frameworks. I have one pages for all these, and I could share the screenshots for each of these after, after the session today. Can see the text and love. Text and left. Okay, cool. So with that, I'm going to pause real quick. What are other people using? What are other people seeing in terms of overload? Are other people feeling overloaded? Are other people resonating with these tools? How are you all thinking about dealing with too much on your plate, too much inbound, delegating and removing some of those, that feeling of overwhelm.

Speaker  227952:00
Lot of you is EOS. Kayla, you want to talk a little bit about Eos, and how you think about EOS. I can you hear me?

Speaker  230949:20
Yeah, barely.

Speaker  231685:20
Oh, wait one second. There you go. That's better. Oh, you can hit

Speaker  232773:20
Yeah. I think a lot of us try to use our entrepreneur operating system, and I think it's or, I mean, I've been doing it for a number of years now, but it's just it's consistently having a cycle of improvement and working out how you can do it and how it works for your company, putting the meetings in. So some we've set up, like, weekly departmental meetings, and then we're saying, Actually, we don't necessarily need that. Like, let's cut that back. Make it monthly. And then, like, see. Which ones are helpful the most, but then cutting where it's not and just continuously, like testing and, you know, be willing to scrap it and start again.

Speaker  242656:00
Yeah. How long have you been using EOS?

Speaker  243888:00
Probably about four years. I think

Speaker  244528:00
three, four years. Still work with that, that integrator, or that, or, excuse me, that instructor,

Speaker  245605:20
not anymore, but did previously,

Speaker  246277:20
got it? Did you so have you also used the it was the delegate and elevate framework? Yeah,

Speaker  248565:20
I think

Speaker  249541:20
it's something I'm still learning, though, and I think it's like where we've had a smaller team, then we've, like, tried to increase the size to of the team in some places to be able to delegate and then, yeah, just choosing the right team members to be able to do that.

Speaker  253770:40
Fantastic. Anybody else, anybody else on the call, using either RACI, an operating rhythm, Eos, or a different prioritization system?

Speaker  258528:00
George Chad, what are your thoughts?

Speaker  260160:00
I say again, it's I'm not using anything, really.

Speaker  263253:20
Only ADHD, meds, yeah, I get it. I get it. Alright,

Speaker  264629:20
great, alright. And thank you all for the comments here. This is the we all need help. Yeah, I listen. This is, this is one of the things that I I've been using the executive coach by for 15 years, and I pulled a lot of this from him, a lot of from John McNeil, who I mentioned, came from Tesla. A lot of this isn't difficult, like it's not difficult stuff, but it's taking the time as the founder to implement and to Kat point, to iterate. How do you constantly iterate? And something we're gonna talk about as you scale, what are you thinking about doing with your communication plan? How are you thinking about operating rhythm and cadence? How are you thinking about driving accountability as you go from like Chad has got one employee to five employees to 15 to 25 employees, because things will break along the way. You know, I if you if you've read Eli Gill's high growth handbook, it's a great book that captures a lot of the challenges that happen at the different points of scale as you approach like the Dunbar number of I have 150 employees. I don't think anybody's there right now, but things start breaking at different levels of scale, in terms of revenue and employee count. And these the types of tools, the prioritization tools, the thinking about how you delegate and elevate, how you subtract and automate how you think about RACI, how you think about operating will really, really help. The one thing I want to dive into real quick also is automation. The I've done some work at at Hampton, which is another community group, one of the first, one of the first hires they made was a chief automation officer. So in this world of AI tools, like thinking about how best to automate, right thinking about, first, how to to eliminate steps in the process and eliminate requirements, then optimize, to simplify and then automate. But that automation tool, as you think about hiring and staffing, finding somebody who, is primarily focused on AI tools, automations and simplifying systems is a really great way to kind of get ahead of this feeling of overworked and overwhelmed. Great. All right, let's get into the next one, and now you understand sort of cadence that there are three of these. I'm going to ask the same question when we get to the uncertainty tools, the tools to overcome uncertainty. So uncertainty, as we talked about before, this is really about, you know, the symptom here is constant uncertainty around making difficult decisions. So how am I making better decisions in the absence of perfect information, something that, whether I was an aviator or a tech founder, those are the problems that you're always first of all, those are the problems you're always facing. Always facing, and as the founder, those the problems you are, you are there to help solve causes, decision making, struggles, understanding, you know, role, clarity, bottlenecks, matrix organizations, no real, clear understanding of who owns the decision. If you're, you know, if you're more than just one or two people, and then obviously budget and resource constraints, which I think we all feel. And then solutions here. We're going to get into these tools here. But how do you think about increasing your mental clarity in order to have better in order to have an execute better judgment? How do you think about improving intuition, meaning your gut? And then, how do you lean on heuristics, or that's a fancy way of saying, frameworks. What are the frameworks you are using to make better, more informed decisions and then trust increasing the certainty of those decisions. One of my favorite quotes here from from Naval Ravikant here is uncertainty, not outcome. Is the root of stress. This really captures why. Certainty is such a problem, especially when you're an executive, especially when you're a founder, alright, so let's get into it. So we talked about clarity, intuition and heuristics. So clarity, the first thing I'm going to mention, it's not captured here, is, is, and I'm not a health and wellness coach, but clarity, especially when you're dealing with things like overwhelm and distractions, your sleep, your exercise and your diet. I'm not a coach on those specific topics, but I will say having an eight sleep and being able to measure my sleep score, understanding the impact of alcohol on my rem and deep sleep has been a huge unlock for me personally, also having a personal trainer and making sure I'm exercising as a way not only to be be in better health and better better shape, but also to help with my decision making and help with the clarity that I have. Another one here. Has anybody read Paul Graham's essay maker versus manager schedule you can put in the chat, or just raise your hand if you haven't. This is a really no check. This George, you should check this out. It's a great article that really helps you as a founder, understand and by the way, Paul Graham is the founder of Y Combinator, which is a very successful, if not the most successful, startup accelerator in the world. Great article about how founders need to be thinking about protecting deep work, that strategic deep thought that you all need to drive the business forward by batching meetings and the execution of your time. So if you think about a manager, managers are back to back. 30 minute, 30 minute, 30 minute, 30 minute, 30 minute, accountability, awareness, one on ones, that's a manager. Schedule, a maker. Schedule looks a little different. It's blocks of time. Ideally you have thank you for Thank you, Chad. It's a great essay. I would encourage you all to read it. After this, after the session. What he argues is, if you are a maker, meaning if you are a visionary, if you are a founder, you should have larger chunks of time in your day to think. This isn't just a luxury. This isn't I'm being lazy. This is again, your role is judgment and clarity of thought and focus, having more of a maker. Schedule two at one hour. Start with one hour block, one day per week, then expand it to two days. See if you can get to every single day, having at least two hours of free time where you are actively thinking about the problems within the business. That's the goal here, and that's the lesson from from this essay the Eisenhower metrics. This is a great you've probably seen this. It's a great two by two, great two by two that talks about how to distinguish between what is urgent in your business, what is important in your business, delete and delegate the things that are not important and less on the urgency scale, and then decide and do now the things that are more important and more urgent. It's a very, very simple framework to think about the decisions that you need to make and how to prioritize those decisions as you go. Intuition. This is the OODA loop. I was in the Navy. We talked a lot about OODA loop in the military, when you're dog fighting with jets, how do you think about observing the current reality or reorienting, orienting yourself, deciding what to do next and then acting? This gets you in the mindset of regularly thinking about and analyzing the decisions that you've made in the past and adjusting the next decision based on real world feedback. All right, so I'll say that again, this is regularly analyzing the past decisions you've made, what has gone well, what has not gone well, what context within your business and the macro environment, competitive landscape has changed. And then how do you rely on past decisions to inform future decisions? Very simple framework. A lot of us are doing it naturally, but knowing what the OODA Loop is, keeping this top of mind will help you reinforce your gut intuition. I'll give an example. I have a client right now. He is he builds products in, you know, he's built products in the the live event space and the music festival space, and he had to decide between two design firms on a new product. And he had a very, very large company, design firm that he wanted to work with that was costing less money, or he had a smaller firm where he had direct access to the two founders of the company, but they were more expensive to use based on this, based on how he thought about previous decisions made based on him working with smaller organizations the past, having more levers to pull more direct access to the decision makers and the founders, he decided to go with the more expensive option. So that's a very quick example of how one client has thought about what past decisions have I made based on previous context. What's the new question I have, and how can I rely on past decisions to inform future decisions? And then finally, heuristics. So first principles, Elon has made this possible. Renee des popularized this originally, the idea of, how do you think about breaking down problems into. Core truths, instead of relying on assumptions, right? Don't rely on analogy. Rely on how do I break the problem down to its simple, simplest principles, and then make decisions based on those principles, not just assumptions or analog pretor principle. This is the 8020 law that you're all familiar with. How do I think about identifying the 20% of effort that will result in 80% of the effort or 80% of the results. Occam's rather a is another one. How is the most likely solution? Likely the right solution? Thinking in bets. This is treating decisions as probability stacking rather than seeking certainty, especially as a founder when you're dealing with with low information or lack of of accurate information or low data. How are you thinking about stacking probability rather than seeking ultimate clarity? Right? So this is ready, fire, aim, not ready. Aim, fire. And then simplifying the scale. John McNeil is the guy that I told you that I worked at the lift. He used to report to Elon. He talked a lot about, how do you remove complexity in this system to make better and faster decisions as you go, all right, I'm going to pause uncertainty, judgment, honing judgment, intuition, building heuristics and frameworks. I'm curious to hear what you all think of this and what you what tools you all use to gain clarity. I'm

Speaker  422293:20
I'm also looking at the chat.

Speaker  423621:20
Eric Morris, any thoughts or go ahead, who's that

Speaker  424565:20
I was gonna say about the maker manager schedule? Because I haven't read that article, but I think I've watched a video that explained it, and then so my whole team has changed how we like do our meetings, and like pushing them all into one day. Then Wednesday is like, no meeting day. I think Fridays is no meetings. And then, like, just how we like to schedule them. And so that's been good, just to get more time, just to think, which has been really great. That's amazing. Was

Speaker  432688:00
that something you pull from EOS as well, or just something you an article you came across? So

Speaker  433776:00
Alex for Moses, wife Layla does loads of videos as well, and she did this whole thing about makers managers and also how different people need different schedules. So it was just really helpful from that video. I'm guessing it's based on this Paul Graham article,

Speaker  438821:20
so just implementing it from that

Speaker  439221:20
amazing

Speaker  440373:20
thanks. Kat Morris, Eric, curious, you through your thoughts. Any thoughts here?

Speaker  442981:20
Nope, I don't have anything. I'm sorry.

Speaker  443434:40
No. All good, all good,

Speaker  444714:40
all good. All right, let's get into distraction, distraction. All right, this is symptoms distracted from the highest impact priorities, right? We all deal with this. We're dealing with too many inputs. It's very, difficult for us to be focused on what matters most. Causes this is lack of prioritization. You know, I like to be able to walk into an office or talk to somebody on a zoom call and ask the lowest ranked person in there, what is the priority of the company this quarter? Everybody should be able to answer that question. That isn't how you what is one way to ensure that the team doesn't get distracted, and you, as the founder doesn't, don't get distracted when you have a clear understanding of what your priorities each day, each week and each quarter are other causes, including ineffective meetings, not protecting your deep, deep work time, which goes back to what we talked about before makers time versus managers time, and then solutions, the One week review, which we'll touch upon again shortly. Better scheduling and boundaries working on versus in the business, and then going the analog, which is one of my favorite things, the when there's so many distractions with your browser, with your phone, what are the ways that you could potentially go analog, go pen and paper, go phone lists, going monochrome on your on your tablet, on your on your phone, or even using a great tool if you haven't seen the brick, the brick is a really great tool that I have found to lock away your phone so you're able to get really, really into the focus time and prevent distraction. All right, Ryan Holiday, one of my favorite Stoics, a world of in a world of distraction, focusing is a superpower. And then here are the tools that I have found to be very, very good at eliminating distraction. I don't touch upon the analog, but again, I mentioned that earlier, the one thing review, what accomplishment this week will make everything else easier? What challenge, if solved this week, would accelerate your progress, and what my new idea or insight could meaningfully improve if implemented your work or your life. So again, that those the questions that I like asking my clients, those are the questions that I ask myself at the beginning of each week as well, to ensure I. Focused on accomplishments, challenges, what I need to overcome, where I need to focus my time and attention and my energy and resources. And then what new ideas I have? Plenty of ideas. I got a apple Notes app full of new ideas, but what new idea or insight, if implemented, would meaningfully improve my work or life, and that helps me focus on the ideas and the insights that are most meaningful time blocking. Kaylee, you, you mentioned this. This is you could see here, and I'll send this out later. You, if you're not able to see this, the manager schedule, excuse me, the manager schedule is usually consisted of Back to Back meetings, 30 minute meetings, hour long meetings, back to back. The new way of thinking about this is, how do you create larger blocks of time on your calendar to be able to do the deep work that you as a founder needs your as a CEO, your calendar should look very differently than everybody else is on your team. More open time, more blocks to do deep work, more time to think strategically about the business, less time doing one on ones, less time in just busy meetings, more time thinking about the business. If you're in a physical space, moving around the office, being at the place where the economic exchange of value occurs within your business, meeting with customers, but thinking about time blocking is a great way to ensure you're eliminating the distractions that you have throughout your day, and then balancing working in the business versus on the business. This is probably one of the biggest insights that I had when I worked at Lyft. The Heath brothers popularized this expression of working in versus on the business. When you're working in the business, you are driving the economic engine of the business forward. You are producing a product. You are, you are executing on something that's going to produce an outcome that will, that will provide value to customer, customers or clients. When you're working on the business, you are thinking about, where is the business heading? What is the the the efficiency of the meetings that we have? How are we thinking about communications as we scale? How are we thinking about driving accountability properly our meetings, accountability or awareness meetings, and then the RACI. How am I what are the roles that I'm still responsible for that I need to delegate responsibility to? I hold on to accountability. But I'm thinking about, how am I actively involved in the business and delegating as much responsibility to other members of the team that are ideally better qualified and better skilled and better resourced to do the job than I am, so I could be thinking more effectively about where we're heading as a business, and again, going back to judgment and having better more clarity and more confidence in the judgments that I have and the decisions I need to

Speaker  521909:20
make. Cool, all right, last

Speaker  522389:20
time to ask questions here, distractions. How are you all thinking about, what tools are you using to overcome distraction within your business? In your day, Has anybody used the brick before or monochrome on your phone?

Speaker  527306:40
I do the monochrome on my phone and I have it the accessibility thing that you just triple tap and it will go black and white, so you can turn it on and off. And then I use Opal, which I'm guessing is similar to the brick. Well, anyway, Opal, like, locks down my phone so I have it like, I can use it during lunch time, but then I can't access apps during like, the work time, and I can, like, that kind of thing. So that's been helpful.

Speaker  533445:20
How long have you been using

Speaker  534277:20
Opal? Um, I think the end of last year, I started

Speaker  535397:20
off good, highly recommend, or meaningfully, oh,

Speaker  536725:20
yeah, definitely. Because

Speaker  537909:20
you can make it hard, or you can make it soft to like, come out of it and stuff. So it makes you feel bad every time, if you want to come out sometimes there, I'm like, I actually need to get on Tik Tok for work. And I'm like, right? I actually like to take this. I have to wait 60 seconds to try and work, to do some work on Tiktok. But no, I think it's, it's really good, because you're putting the parameters on yourself that you want to have, like, the best version of you and then so you just can't get into it. So, yeah, I think, I think we need it, because social media is too good. I love it.

Speaker  546975:59
Any other thoughts on distraction?

Speaker  549440:00
Okay, all right, folks, that's that's it for the presentation. Curious, if anybody has any questions about about the presentation, anything we discussed? And again, where I pull this from is I meet with 48 clients each month talking about these problems, and I have bucketed all the problems that I've seen, whether you're ahead of investment firm Bootstrap, of investment firm, bootstrap founder, venture backed founder, whether you're a technologist and accountants, these are, these are typically how I bucket each of the challenges that I work, that I help clients with. So I hope this was helpful. If you don't have any questions, that's great. I'm going to send this deck. I'm going to. Send maybe a few frameworks as well. Courtney, maybe you could help me coordinate sending that out to folks and individuals, but I'll give you access to sort of my library of tools and documents and frameworks, including this presentation.

Speaker  563792:00
And with that, if there's no questions, I'll let you all go.

Speaker  565264:00
Thank you. Steve, right,

Speaker  565717:20
thanks. Gordon, thanks everybody.

Speaker  566181:20
Thanks guys, thank you.

Speaker  568341:20
Thank you. Bye.
