Betsy Johnson
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1312:00
Bets. So, oh yeah, I have to click here and do all things. Okay, I'm Betsy Johnson. I started my brand almost 15 years ago. I was diagnosed with skin cancer, and no sun protective swimwear product existed on the market, so I wanted to make something for my kids and my family that provided us some safe swimsuits, and that's kind of what you see. And this is me and my kids in Costa Rica, like four days ago. Okay, so my full time job is being a mom. I do this as a side hustle, which I absolutely love. We are an eight figure brand. I started it with $4,000 and literally cut and sewed swimsuits in my our tiny apartment. I worked at Boeing in Seattle for a really long time. Worked on F 20 twos, anything that you have questions about, airplanes, I will be your human I traveled all over the world with them. It was actually the best way to start my career out of college. And again, we're an adventure family. We live in our Well, we lived in an RV for a year and travel, and we just tell our brand story and our products through influencing all the people to buy my product because I love it, and it's super easy to tell, and I think that that's my biggest share or takeaway as we go forward, make this slide. Okay, so first of all, you guys all make products because you care about them. You saw a space that needed to be improved, or you found a product that no one was selling, and so you found a spot and a niche, and you're obviously making a lot of money, and I'm jealous. So now you have to share it with the world. And I think there are a lot of ways to do this. You can do it social media. You can tell your brand story on a plus content, or anywhere no one knows your brand like you do. And I think that's the biggest thing that you guys all. Everyone comes up and tells me what their product is, and I'm like, No, you need to go. Let's make a video. Let me edit this. Let me try your product. Let me show you exactly why this is beneficial. So whether it's like clothes like I do, or breathalyzers that you can do in your car, or stationery, I can, like, call out a whole bunch of you guys about your products and what you do, but no one knows your brand like you do and why yours is better than the competitors. So tell that story over and over and over again. I have a book at the end. You guys should all read. It changed how we tell our brand story. And you guys should read this, and it's my value add eventually. So also engage your your audience, making them excited. Connect with them. People are eager to support founders, whether you're a man or a woman. I think a lot of people like, Well, I'm a man. I can't do that. Get out there and tell your brand story, because people are like, Oh my gosh, I can do this too. You're going to find the connections, and you're going to be relatable to somebody. So go and share your story. I was, we were just talking about this. He was like, whether you have a huge audience or just one person, you're gonna touch somebody and you're gonna be able to, like, make a huge impact in their life. So go get connected with your customers. And I think this is what I always hear, is like, Betsy, you're really good at this. I can't do that. And so I think there's a lot of ways to do this. So these are two of my really good friends. This is laryn. She is Lion latch. She tells her brand story so well. She tells it over and over and over again, and she has built a huge brand on Tiktok, and now meta is going insane again. No one I'm gonna say it over and over and over, no one knows your brand like you do. Stop hiring influencers to try to tell your brand story and give them a deck. Nobody can do it like you do it. What we do when influencers come to us is I give them videos of myself and I'm saying, I say, go do that, because no one knows how to do it. They're not going to read a deck and be able to pitch it like you do. Here are my five features on this. Here's my 12 features on this. This is why mine's better than the competitors. Customers also want to know the brand owner. They want to see the behind the scenes. So if you do anything behind the scenes, like I pick and pack at our warehouse, sometimes we just sold it. So I don't know if you do that again, but if you are picking and packing orders, show that people feel connected and they feel related, and they want to be a part of what you're doing on Tiktok shop, if you are doing lives, do it at your warehouse. Literally pick orders. Why you are on lives. You could do that over and over. I literally was like, Oh, great. I'm giving so and so this product for free from your Tiktok shop order. And all of a sudden it was like, 450 live views. Oh, 700 1000 Are you gonna pick my order? Let me see who's where you're packing. Where are you shipping? And then pick a state, the next person who's on here from this state, like connect with these people you don't on lives. The other way. This is Kim's brand. She sold half of it. It's bog bag, if you don't know it. It's this awesome bag. She's also a woman and a mom. These are all mom brands, and she actually has two people that are the face of her brand. She does not do anything on social media. She has hired these two women to be on every single sales channel. So you know exact when you see these people, you think bog bag instead of Kim, who used to do this, and she just doesn't have time, right? She's doing 60 million in fucking crock bags. What are you doing? That's crazy. Right? So hire someone who represents your ultimate consumer. So if you're looking to do this, find someone who looks like your person, whoever that is like. Why I'm really good at what I do is I am my ultimate consumer. I am a mom. I have kids. You want water safety. I got that. You want education on swim lessons. I got that. I know exactly what parents of kids want. So I am successful at that, and I tell that story. So Kim couldn't do it. She's way too busy. She has hired them. And you will see these people all over Tiktok, just pitching, pitching. She does the lot. Or these two do the lives they do every single Tiktok they do every single meta instead of her face anymore, it's someone else. So if you can find that ultimate consumer, your end consumer, who that is, and hire someone to do that, even if it's two hours a day, like you don't need a full time person, but having consistency that they see is gonna change the relatability to your brand. Okay, so for us, like I said, I'm the face of our brand, like it builds trust authenticity. It humanizes our brand, and it, just like I said, creates relatable face. So show your face, or whoever you hire to show them your face. Stop hard selling. You guys will see this ad that I did, and it is like me being cute and dancing, and I'm with my son, and I'm like, hey, this sucks. And then we spent 300 something 1000 on meta ads, and we sold 1.2 last year million on my website that isn't spill over onto Amazon, consistency and showing up weekly or daily. For us, it's on Tiktok. We post, I post twice a day. It takes me five minutes to make a Tiktok video. Give you guys some tools, because they're so easy to make this and Tiktok can be terrible content. Just keep making content. Share real results and testimonials. I will constantly be on Tiktok and be like, look at what this customer said, whether it's positive or negative, it'll be like anything that people want to see or like, look at this customer email. People love those. They're like, Oh my God, let me see I gotta like, hold, make them hold, hold the screen, you guys, if you if they hold the screen, they are staying and they'll start reading the email from the person on your screen. Be yourself, or whoever you hire, be yourself. Don't be a robot and share anything personal. So I was just sharing this a second ago. We celebrate my birthday on Instagram and Klaviyo and Tiktok and everywhere. And we I turned 40, and I was like, we do 40% off, and we did 40% off for 40 minutes, and we did almost $500,000 in sales in 40 minutes, because people like connect with you. They love you. They want to be a part of it. They want to support you so any and this could be your birthday, but you have someone else, it's like the brand owner's birthday. So anyways, people want to be a part of a brand, so share with them. Okay, so telling your brand story. This is the silly reel. I think I have it out right here. It has 5.2 million views. It's not. We do have a paid one for that, but that's all organic cues. Um, so this is our tick tock and our Instagram. You can tell we are never consistent with what I am putting out there. It's like a face. You're gonna get a green screen. You're gonna get me dancing. Posting pictures right now on tick tock, they have a whole for you page with only picture, pictures with a trending audio. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. If you're not doing it, sorry, my child, you should be. So if you are afraid to get in front of the camera, post pictures for a while every day. Start getting those people to see your product.

Speaker  136917:20
One thing that we do on meta is I have a whole personal business account on meta, and I run my ads the same ads that you're gonna see, like, right? I just tag myself in and we reshare it. This one is from Tiktok, and I have it tagged. Here we run ads on my personal, my personal business account, and sell swims, so you can tag products and brands, and you can sell on that secondary account. So it's not a business selling this, right? It's a person. So take your human this, like, did not work. It's 28,000 views, and we have, we're selling that same swimsuit. And the first day we posted it, we sold 58 units. I was like, Oh, my, that's, it might be, not be a lot. This is, like, there was no ad spend behind it. It was just take it and buy it. Find your person and tell them to tell your brand story. Also use if you have a baby product and you're a parent, show them that you're a family person like the more you can do that. Trying to think of other products, shoes you should be putting, like all these workmen and shoes, show your ultimate consumer on your brand. Don't just show AI generated pictures, even though that guy said it all day yesterday, doesn't work. If you have what'd you say? Someone says, Okay, no, okay, so here, where do you begin? I feel like a lot of people, some of the people like we have clients that we do. Their social media. For a lot of these people are like, Well, where do I start? And I'm like, post every day for 30 days on Tiktok. Don't be embarrassed. Just post, post, post, you're gonna get 200 views. You're gonna get 60 views, you're gonna get 1000 views. So I started the Tiktok journey a long time ago, but I decided december 28 or something. I was like, I'm gonna post 30 days on Tiktok this past year, and now I am so good at it. On average, we're averaging, like, 30 good, I'm not good, 30,000 views on every post on Tiktok that we post now. So these are people. These are people. Everyone's like, Well, how do you do well on Amazon? I am not an Amazon brand, but everyone finds us off these, plot off Amazon and searches our brand, and that's how we convert on Amazon. Like that's the only way we sell on Amazon. So second thing, post every day for 30 days, tell your person to and test every single type of video. I'm gonna show you how to do these in just second second, find a trending audio. You can do this on both meta and Tiktok Facebook. Take videos of your products or pictures of your products being used. Don't just show don't just be like, Oh, it's stationary. It's like, oh, this is stationary. And why it's so great, right? Like, oh, it peels off better than the other one, or, I'm more organized than the other one. So show your benefits in these videos, and it'll make it so much better tell your brand story and your product benefits and captions if you're not putting captions on every one of your Tiktok videos, I find so many people find us on Google because of our captions on Tiktok. If you're not taking that video and dropping it into chatgpt and saying, write me a Google searchable or Tiktok description, you are doing this all wrong. This is it's the easiest way for you to make a caption and get searched on Tiktok and Google. Third thing, reels and tiktoks are not always on your feed. So, like, reels, oh, like we have whatever, 190,000 followers on our Instagram. But I always became, I became obsessed with not sharing bad content because I was so worried people would be like, Oh, Betsy, your brand is like, going downhill. I'm like, Just testing that out. None of them actually see it. Just keep posting like no one. I'm all, I mean, we only 15% of our followers see her crap. That's so stupid. Why do I create a brand and a following? And if you are not doing draft reels, this should be what you do right now. If you have an Instagram account, if you're not doing draft reels, we post probably nine draft reels a day. These reels go to nobody who follows you or has interacted with your feed in the last I don't know. You have to look 30 days, 90 days. I don't know what meta is doing right now. So these draft reels we test out one creative 12 times with different captions and different hashtags, and the views they get are different than they're all different. I'll get one that has 40, I'll get one that has 10, I'll get one that has 900 views. So if you're not doing draft reels on meta, you are missing out. They just started this January. I don't know anyone do draft reels. No, no one does. No one does meta. Okay, and again, I'm gonna say this over and over, tell your brand story. It makes us so much money. So this is our reel, and we made a million dollars spending 300 over and over and over again. So we just that ad, and now I put it everywhere. Okay, Tiktok. If you don't know how to do Tiktok and you don't know what is trending and what hashtags to use, use go on Tiktok. Does anyone do this? No, okay, awesome creator. Search insights. Get on Tiktok. Search that. Oh my god, time flies so fast. Search this on Tiktok right now. This is gonna tell you go. So you're gonna find this when you search creator, search insights, you're gonna go to Content gap, and this is gonna tell you what type of videos right here, family vacation swimsuits. 1,000% it is when you click on this family vacation swimsuits, it tells you what your video should do. It tells you step by step. It tells you what hashtags to use. I did this. I literally just took a video of my kids. I put words over it, and we got whatever. 42 49,000 views. Did nothing. So you can do this. You can have whoever is your brand person, or just yourself, if you don't want to be in front of it over and over and over again, learning on Tiktok. So you can talk to the camera like this. This is, does everyone use cap cut? Anyone edit videos? Okay, great. Cap cut. Download it over and over. It is the easiest video editing you can do. You can talk to the screen. You guys. This is one of my kids, and he has his face painted, and everyone's like, is your kid? Okay? What's wrong? Is he sick? What's happening? So the more weirdness that can happen on Tiktok, the better. This got 100,000 views. This is when I'm gonna green screen. If you're not green screening, green screen, it is. You can just take this video. You can put it over anything. The same hook here. One got whatever, 586,000 views, and people just constantly talk about it. So a hook plus a video works really well. A talking head, people love to listen to that. And of course, at captions for your SEO. And this is the photo one I'm telling you guys about. It only has 7000 but right now they're working really well. This is an old one post pictures with words over it. Find a trending audio. So this is these are just like easy ways for you guys to post for 30 days. And you're gonna see what works and just keep going with that. These are my must follow content, people on Instagram and Tiktok. These people right here are gonna give you so many She's amazing. He's also really great. I would follow all of these guys Instagram and Tiktok, and if I can't find a trending audio, these people will, like, give it to you, and you just put over the words, they're like, Hey, say this sucks. And then write something. And you do that, and you get views. So try these. I think you need a balance of telling your brand story and showing your product and getting lots of external views of no one who wants it. Okay, so hooks are so important. People probably talk about this over and over again, but you will, like, just educate people so they can be negative hooks and like, nobody wants wants you to know this. Like, make people feel like they're getting inside news. These right here have given us over like 2 million views on Tiktok. Just these hooks, these are the only ones that get views on Tiktok. So just be negative. People want controversy. They want to hate on somebody I always am like, this customer sucks. And they're like, Oh, awesome. Okay, so our off traffic is our off traffic, we year to date. We this is just year to date numbers. We are not spending any money on any more money on meta ads than we did last year, but our traffic is at 42% bait, and we solely put this on Tiktok that we are not even running at. We're not we sold on Tiktok, but not really. So this is like traffic that we are generating, and it's free, and these people are spending more our average order value is so big right now, because people love the brand. So tell your brand story. Get people to love your brand. Make sure your email marketing is really fucking good returning customer rate. So this is the low, or this is the lowest our this is great for us. This is our lowest returning customer rate ever, just based on now we have all these new customers. So if you can our customers, our average customer orders nine, nine years consistently, and their average, or the lifetime value, is 9000 something, something, something. So for us, we want to get we want to keep our customers, but we want new customers. So this Tiktok magic is like working for us, and also meta. So if you're not doing this and you don't hire somebody, you should be doing this.

Speaker  290464:00
So here are takeaways, and then I have some other little hacks that I'm gonna share with you guys. Okay, takeaways craft a strong hook. Start your tiktoks with attention grabbing statements. The ones that I put on there are so effective over and over and over again. Once you have one viral video, do that same hook 12 times with different creative just keep doing that show. Don't tell people, just show their product, but tell why it's better than the other one. Amazon is so saturated. Your product is better because you made it for a reason. Demonstrate it real life examples. Have your whoever the face of your brand is, have them tell that story. Be consistent. Post regularly, and meta is so big on this, if you are not posting every day, or you're not posting three times a week every week, there, you're going to start losing a whole bunch of traffic, encourage engagement, like ask questions, tell them this person's crazy. People are gonna be like, No, you're crazy. Don't take a personal it's just people love to say stuff behind the camera, and just keep posting everywhere. Does anyone use this? Repurpose IO. We just take that, we take one video, and we put it everywhere, and all you have to do is put it on repurpose IO and it Snapchat. I'm not I've never owned a Snapchat account. I do now and it, I've never opened it. It just posts there automatically. I don't know if we have views, I don't know if we have messages. I have no idea. I don't know what or Snapchat is. So it posts on Snapchat, Google, shorts, everything, I mean, anywhere, connect them to every single account you have and just post those videos. It's so easy and you don't have to like I'm very particular about what our imagery looks like, but if you're not, get your content out there. Okay, so this is the book you guys all have to read build a brand story. If you are not, if you have a brand at all. All you should be telling your brand story, and this is going to give you worksheets to do it like they are in there, tell your brand story. Okay, so we're going to talk. I didn't want to, like, make a slide, because I don't want anyone to have it. They're going to get this. But that's great work. It's so good if you have not done this, do it now. It has changed how we message our brand. So okay, if you're selling on does anyone have a meta account? Yeah, are you selling through meta? Yes, no, yes, you should be selling. It is like the easiest money, and they want you to sell. And are ever who's running ads on meta? Okay, yes, if you are not running ads on meta and you do not have a meta rep, we should be friends, because I go to, alright, yeah, I go to meta, like, four times a year. I've helped a couple people, like, figure out how to set this up and get in there and do it right. But it is right now. They are you. Conversions are insane. I have a one ad that's a 36 row ads, and I'm spending four grand a day. You should be running ads on meta and the spillover like, I'm not an Amazon person. I will say it over and over again, but you guys, the spillover effect is tremendous. And there's a new thing that we'll talk about in a second. Well, maybe the next one, about how you can start tracking the spillover effectively on all these platforms. So okay, so when you no one's running ads, so I don't think this is gonna be a great hack, who's running ads on me. I know you are. Okay. So if you are running ads on meta, you have your campaign level, you have your ad set level, and you have your creative write your ad on the ad set level. Take that and make it five times. Copy that ad set five times. Put $20 on all of them, let them perform for three days. Turn off your least performing ad and put all that money back into that one. And how meta has like, set up their search or their distribution of AD is that they're gonna lump people into a category, and people are only running one ad set, and then it's automatic. Generally, one out of five, right? Four of them are failing. You're gonna feel like you're failing constantly. I have never done an ad, not like that, since I went to, oh gosh, since I went to meta, like, a year ago, and it my ads are so good like and I'm just reusing all that creative I did, right? All those video ads. Okay, questions, don't be mad. Yeah, yes, different books each time you template for those videos. So what we what we do is we'll put a different hook on top at the very like POV a mom who can't put sunscreen on her kid, and the other one will be like, Stop putting sunscreen on your kid. The next one will be like, sunscreen calls causes cancer, right? So we don't we do there's no formula. It's just put out different hooks on the screen. I might not even be saying those, but it's the words on that video that they're gonna first see. Does that make sense? And that's when we post, and the other ones sit there and generate traffic, but nobody sees them who has seen our brand ever. So it's all new traffic which has never they've never allowed you to reach only those people. Yeah, outsource

Speaker  379221:19
it for concepts, but concepts is a big part of the success.

Speaker  382826:39
Totally I have. I'm really specific about my esthetic, and I am my ultimate consumer, so I know what they're like. My personal Instagram, I am seeing the things that I want to see, and I'm able to do that. And I think what my friend does, who has a brand, who he doesn't, it's not relatable to him at all, is he has that fake account, business account that he runs ads on, and that's all he follows, and his social media team has access to it, and they only pretend like they are their ultimate consumer,

Speaker  392341:20
the content strategist or the face of the brand, are those two different for you? I think, I don't think you need a content strategist. I mean, what do you think Pro I do because I'm not creative. I love create. I like, I design prints like I am, like, esthetically, really, not humanly pleasing, but like my right, my visual of like, what is beautiful is like, appeals to many people

Speaker  399866:40
possible. Invasive brands. Oh yeah,

Speaker  400400:00
I have multiple brands. I have an I have another apparel brand, but, and I'm not necessarily my ultimate consumer, but, like, I can be that person. So yeah, that's just great about it. So I mean, I

Speaker  403568:00
think the audience would love to be, like, you

Speaker  406079:59
can you need

Speaker  406885:19
help in terms of like, you know, what we really can

Speaker  407877:20
do? I mean, I guess one question would be,

Speaker  408741:20
this is, this is your passion? Are you spending most of your day? Because I know that I would have to spend most of my day. It feels like, like, if I really try to go down this, this path, and I know that I don't have a day to do so it's back into what he's kind of saying, like, what, what can I really do? I like what you're saying about the face to brand. Like, if you know you can't be the face to brand, hire somebody. And

Speaker  416090:39
so I will tell you, I Pro for videos and any of that content, not media ad spend or anything like that, or designing. I probably spend 15 minutes a day making video content making, but that's not realistic for you or me, no, but, but if you hire that person who is the face of your brand, and then, then, like they're, your customers gonna expect what you give, right? That person's can consistently edit it that way. And there are so many, I mean, what's your product? Right? It is totally it 100% is i You do have to test it. That's why I say post for 30 days. But if you could find that person, even if it was three days a week, I

Speaker  428730:40
mean, I'm thinking customers, right? You can find my customer, yeah, I know in my case, my customer,

Speaker  430778:40
yes. So you bring them into the and if

Speaker  433087:59
all of those people want to be a part of it, right? Like, we have a private Facebook group and it has like 50,000 customers, and all they do is, like, creep out. I went and did a pop up shop in California, and they had, they found baby pictures of me and made T shirts. It's creepy. It's creepy. So I understand that it's not going to be me, but if you could find hire that person to be your brand image or and I think customers are the best way to go, very different. That's something that we've covered with trying to kind of face

Speaker  440885:19
our brand. They're all sort of equally important to

Speaker  442229:19
this, and they're all very different from each other. Yeah, you have an idea that's interesting?

Speaker  443850:40
I wonder if you could do like a group one, right? And pin that and be like, Hey, I love it for this, and I love it for this, and I love it for this, and they're the first one has those four people, right? And if you consistently post, Monday is the woman who is an alcoholic and has children, and life is really hard, no then and runs a brand, but I really, really quick. Back to your point, I work maybe an hour a day, truly. You know, like my husband works two hours a day, that's all we do. So I think that you could pay Monday could be that person, right? Have that consistency. Wednesday could be whatever, someone else, and Friday is someone else, and you can see what day those that ultimate consumer is actually on. Also posting times is so important. So post when, when your person is going to be online that it's a it's the first five minutes of any video you post on meta that you're going to see results. No. I close the door. Literally, the door is the backdrop of like, 90% of my things. I.
