Salman Baig
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Yeah, I want to talk to you guys about how Tiktok shop drove Amazon sales and brand search growth for us. Little bit about me. My name is Salman Baig. I go by Sal been MBS Since 2020. Born, raised in Dallas, Fort Worth area. I used to be a civil engineer, started Amazon 2016, two employees including myself. We're in the compression socks space. And just to go over the you know, Tiktok shop opportunity you can buy on Tiktok shop. But also we're seeing that people search on Amazon for the same product to see if it's also on Amazon, because people actually do prefer the same day, next day, Prime shipping. So it's a good flywheel effect and and also, we feel that great content had less impact. It could drive brand awareness and trust just to having good content on Tiktok, and it creates prior trust on, you know, for you to buy quicker on Amazon. Here's like a little flow chart. You got your post views engagement, and then, based on all those three, the user will go on Amazon and search, and then purchase is what we're seeing. So here's an example on steroids. This is like 170k units sold. On left, you have a Tiktok shop screenshot, and then you see how well it's doing on Amazon, number one best seller and supplement category with like less than 2k reviews. This is a really extreme example, but it just goes to show like, you know, how both go hand in hand, especially for Amazon.

Speaker  28506:40
So, yeah, each profit, yeah, this is definitely, like a trendy product, you know, also, so it's a Yeah, skincare supplement for boosting, like skin support and make a little young. I guess for us, it's been three only, you know, two steps so far that we've done. Out of the three is affiliate outreach. That's really important, get affiliates on board with the product, and then we also run like, you know, ads on Tiktok to scale those Tiktok posts. We haven't started doing live shopping yet, but we want to the near future for sure. Here's a breakdown of our Tiktok sales and affiliate stats. Started off, launching in September, did 1k and then October, 6k and then we kind of increased our sales through just only one affiliate in november 17 and 1824 and it's crazy how one affiliate, one video, couple videos, can make your product go go viral. And that's honestly all you need to really do well on Tiktok and see us spill over onto Amazon. So this one affiliate. She created two videos, one October 18, the other one on November 4. Both did really well, and then most of our sales through her two videos on Tiktok. And it's obviously so we've seen this same trend even to date her, she's still killing it for us. We also amplified her videos through GV Max ads like auto campaign on on Tik Tok too. So that's helping out too. Here's a graph that shows our sales. You see the big bump between October in November this month, I've been really careful with profits, so I want to make sure I break even at least, you know, so I'm probably around the 17, 18k revenue. I don't want to go all out and give sample like crazy spend money on ads, because I want to break even at least. I think generally we hit like negative, like negative 20k loss on Tiktok. So, no, just like last month. So like, I think I've not been careful with samples giving it out too many. I think I just need to scale back and be careful who I give samples out to. And here's my increase in Amazon branded search. This is data from datarova. You can see that jump from October to November. Clicks increase almost almost 50% sales increased 40% pretty noticeable increase just through Tiktok. You can see last month January, compared to, you know, the previous year saw also the same increase year over year. So it's great to see that also.

Speaker  76266:40
And then here's a graph that shows

Speaker  77162:40
that also. This past month, January, we're like 825 units sold from Brandon search. So kind of keeping that same trend going for you. For this year. So far, the key takeaway for me has been use Tiktok shop by the sales and discovery engine for you know, my brand, and it's been great to see I think the also the key is maintaining prop making sure I don't like lose a lot of money through samples and ads. So I guess got to make sure I'm careful with that, and for the bonus value add, you know, our next step is doing live streams. We feel that live shopping will accelerate growth, and still on Tiktok, we're seeing a lot of brands that do it. I actually went to an MDS collaboration with Tiktok in LA. I met, like a live streaming partner of theirs. Actually met Tech Talk, you know, employees, and they gave this whole course on how to, like, you know, live stream. So it's pretty cool to be there. And I met this partner, I think will be great for us, but they charge quite a good amount of money, like, like, I think, like, 6k per month. So before I, like, commit to that one, make sure I make a profit on tick tock and be able to reinvest some that Prop back into that, you know, live streaming So, and also we hope that with increasing sale on Tiktok will also increase sales on Amazon too. And then that's Q and A's. And also my ask is, right now we use Amazon MCF, which is like 750 you know, prepare even with a discount, recent discount for MCF. So I need to find three PL to be able to ship from, because 750 per pair of socks is crazy expensive, huh? FBT. FBT. Is that we use? Oh, fulfilled by Tiktok is probably their best, yeah? Or, like, tactical, is that what you use? I saw you doing fulfillments, okay? Yeah,

Speaker  105909:20
I've used them as a three BL for years. Okay? I think they are, because they're losing a lot of business to AWD, yeah,

Speaker  107610:40
yeah, I will. I definitely need to, because I just, I'm getting like, slaughtered on shipping fees from MCF right now, so just not worth it. So yeah, I have a question. Yeah, you're just the halo effects, the extra profits on Amazon cover your losses? Like some of the like, you know, you're saying, I really want to focus on breaking even on Tiktok. Well, let's say, like, last month you lost money. Does the halo effect cover that loss? Or I should calculate, I thought about that. I'm not sure, to be exact, it covers probably, like half of that at least.

Speaker  117797:20
So they're definitely yeah,

Speaker  118117:20
balance it out, yeah. And actually, I didn't know, like, what talk about in this talk until Tuesday. So I'm like, Oh, wow. My search went up. I didn't realize until like, Tuesday that this week, so yeah, that actually went up. I didn't even, you know, track it or anything like that, but data really showed me, you know, the actual sales went up. I'm like, That's pretty awesome, you know, I'm trying to figure out why, and then it makes sense, but yeah, I think I need to see make sure. I think that's easier to like stomach knowing that I lost a Tiktok, but it made up for it through Amazon sales. So yeah, and profit on Amazon from those sales. So, yeah, I.
