MDS Mogul Call with Ian Page
Date: March 12, 2025

Speaker  2432:00
Hey, Jamie, Hey, how's

Speaker  2976:00
it going? Good? How

Speaker  3520:00
are you? Yeah, good.

Speaker  3904:00
How was your Laura, week off was

Speaker  4512:00
nice. I got to be at the sea with friends. It

Speaker  5472:00
was really, really good, awesome. All right, how was last

Speaker  6661:20
week's call? Really good, yeah, it

Speaker  7365:20
was, it was good, cool, yeah, awesome. You managed to get everything. I should do, everything. Let's see if I posted it wasn't opposed. I

Speaker  11626:40
first and video, Hey guys, I'm not a Zoomer, I'm a Google meter. Where do I add my background? More

Speaker  16346:40
three dots in your image. And then you can go,

Speaker  18096:00
say that again,

Speaker  18576:00
the you can use the three dots that are next to your photo, to your face. Just got it and and there you can change that, adjust

Speaker  21296:00
background and effects. Okay, and I need to upload my background at image.

Speaker  25189:19
So I were reading your bio. Ian, so you've done a couple of brands before,

Speaker  26165:20
yeah, and I have two more brands coming out next month. How do you

Speaker  27466:40
like the agency life versus the brand owner life?

Speaker  28890:40
I prefer the agency life is that because you don't

Speaker  29610:40
have to buy inventory,

Speaker  30234:39
right, seriously, or pay sales tax, I would say it is because I have my hands in a lot more pots, and I'm more distracted because of all the clients, and I'm more I think it's more busy. And I get, I get bored easy. I have an ADHD issue, right? So,

Speaker  36224:00
right? So it's, it's more variety, yeah, I guess brand, a lot of brand owner stuff is, is a bit of a grind, and it's, gladly an agency, seems very much like worky work.

Speaker  40005:20
It does seem like it does seem like working and, you know, there's a lot of emails. You guys don't get as many emails as I do, that's for sure. But I'm not finding my image. This is annoying. I have all my little Celico backgrounds, so give me a second. I'm just probably figuring it out. But yeah, it's I like, also the camaraderie. I felt it quite lonely, you know, other than the occasional VA conversation, and I like I like that we get together, and we have a little bit of a group, a group going here, and I think it's a lot of fun to hang out with them.

Speaker  52640:00
Are you guys fully remote, or do you have an office?

Speaker  54021:20
We have a we have one of those shared offices that we go to on a regular just to, just to give each other a real high five, right?

Speaker  56597:20
So what was, what

Speaker  56901:20
city you guys in?

Speaker  57701:20
Say that again? What

Speaker  58005:20
city are you in? Tampa

Speaker  58661:19
Bay, Florida. So I have been, I have been hiring a lot of locals for that reason. So now we're up to about 12 locals. Yeah, you know. But I do have, like, guys still scattered all over the US, and I obviously have overseas. I have, I found some really good people in South America and Argentina, like, really, really smart people down there. Good, good quality folks. We're

Speaker  66144:00
smart

Speaker  66544:00
you too, not from Argentina. Yeah, it's just been, it's been really great for us. We haven't had any issues. They've all been great.

Speaker  69455:59
I think having people in your time zone is quite nice as well. Yeah, with America, the Asian time zones don't work that well. Do they like the Asian time zones work quite well for the UK, because it means they can just get, they can just put in a few hours of work before we start. And then most, either most of them, seems like working in the evenings or whatever, so they overlap quite most of the day with us,

Speaker  76394:40
absolutely. All right, so I think I'm literally in my Google meet right now trying to download my backgrounds, because they're all in my Google meet. And I don't know if this is gonna work, let's see.

Speaker  80896:00
So you're normally the one sending the invite, so you're normally the one they're able to to

Speaker  82096:00
let people meet.

Speaker  82800:00
Yeah, exactly like everything's in Google meet, because we pay for the Google G Suite, and it kind of all comes with it and but yeah, I think I'm just gonna have to blur myself, guys. This is not, this is not a big deal, but I'll just blur myself. All right, so blur video effect, blur my background. I'm just sitting in a corner of my room anyway. Nothing distracting behind me. Okay? I'm happy. I'm good. So I see some people are in the waiting room. Is this what? How many people do you usually get on these guru webinars?

Speaker  93882:40
Is it usually 1520, the next people will most people will come within like, the next five minutes. Five, six minutes is where most people will join.

Speaker  96378:39
So, yeah,

Speaker  96864:00
anyone want to get kick us off of a question? I think we can tackle it early. Otherwise, yeah, just, just to make sure that we've always got time to to check sound and stuff, and then sometimes, you know, bit time to chat call or call, but how, how long is your presentation going to be? So I could start Q and A in that, you know,

Speaker  102021:20
it's really not an official presentation. It's more of, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna walk through some of our new services, but it's gonna be more conversational and ask answering questions, because a lot of these guys are gonna be users, and I know users don't need boring slideshow presentations like this. Just they're like, they're gonna be bored out of their mind. So I want to put this into three parts, okay? And I want to know, I want to know what your timeline is, so that I can fit it within that. Yeah,

Speaker  109786:40
sure. But

Speaker  110170:40
Part one is ASSP, which is our new big compliance service, and that covers real search, which is the white hat search method. So all that is part one. Part two is definitely going to be tick tock. We have tick tock services and that. So I think that's worth discussing. And then part three. And then part three is snapshot, which is releasing on Monday. I kind of figured I would, if I had time, I would give a little private demo of snapshot to the as like a little nugget at the end. Cool.

Speaker  118997:20
Yeah. Sounds good. Sounds good. So we'll do the see how, see how long, the first two table questions and all of that, and then you can see how we go, yeah. Sounds

Speaker  121589:20
good. Yeah. Okay, good. And then you're gonna give me access to share my screen when I'm ready to share it.

Speaker  123306:40
Yeah. I mean, you could, you could do it now, but, yeah, so that's fine. We'll just go through a couple of like MDS slides, and then I would do like a couple of MDS slides to remind people about a couple of things. I think there's an upcoming price, price increase coming for

Speaker  127914:40
inspire

Speaker  128656:00
Ian, are you going to be at Inspire or at the main event in Milan?

Speaker  130048:00
I will be at Inspire Milan is still up in the air, but I will definitely be in Vegas for sure. Yeah, yeah. And, oh, we got Doug Joyce. It's Doug E in the house. What's up, brother,

Speaker  133829:20
what's up? Man, wouldn't miss this one for

Speaker  134821:20
the world, right, right? Yeah, okay, good. Just making sure, yeah, you're like, Doug. Doug's like, my, my father, and he doesn't want to miss my my karate championship. Here, this is,

Speaker  137989:20
I'm not that old,

Speaker  139061:20
bro, two years just You had me really young. Alright, so I'm gonna,

Speaker  140554:40
so what we do is quickly go through some MDS slides and then, and then I'll intro you will get, we'll get a recording on them. We'll, we'll get your screen share. So Belen, can you give the first slide? So MDS app. I hope everyone is using it. Get it on your home screen. Get a list into calls when you're in a car or out for a walk. Also, there's chats for Tiktok. Chats for there's a chat for 20 mil plus sellers. There's a logistics one. So yeah, so it's really good get on there. Make sure you're checking out regularly. Get up on your computer as well. Those of you who joined the MDS recently, there's a bunch of extra free stuff you get, and if you joined less recently, you can pay a bit extra. So check those out. Everything's got a one month free trial. So yeah, make sure you use those to take advantage of them. Next up. Value Add challenge. So I think you just have to do a really good post and tag it, and then you could potentially win an Inspire ticket with hotel rooms. So that is coming to an end soon. So eight days left on that one. So think about something everyone's got value to add to MDS Inspire. I think there is a price hike coming up soon. What is it about in the 20th, maybe, or ninth,

Speaker  163488:00
14th,

Speaker  164015:59
14th. So, yeah, two days. So, yeah, get booking. Lineup keeps on getting better and better. So Milan, I hope you guys can make it. I love an MDS main event, so it'll have awesome content. It'll be awesome fun. Those events keep on getting better, and Milan a beautiful city, so it's going to be awesome. Please join the WhatsApp group. Just means you'll never miss a call, you'll always get a notification. You'll always see what's what's going on. Next up, okay, obviously, partner spotlight Celico, so 20% off, and it's already pretty good value as it is. So that is a pretty, pretty good deal there. Next up, all right, so same

Speaker  176656:00
hat. Welcome,

Speaker  177008:00
Ian, so if we could turn the recording on, please.

Speaker  178880:00
All right,

Speaker  179568:00
great, yeah, Ian, welcome. Welcome to the call. Excited to have you back on. So look, thank you for hearing what's new in the world of launching, because that that's kind of mostly what Celico is doing at the moment,

Speaker  182789:20
right? Yeah,

Speaker  183173:20
I would, I would say we are predominantly still a launch platform, but as of next week, we're going to be diving into the tick foo slash intelliview world. I'm not trying to take the business but, but I think there's enough business for everybody. What's that? Oh, so

Speaker  188010:40
you're moving into polling. So conversion rate optimization, basically

Speaker  189034:40
our in our own unique way. In seller CO we like to do things our way, for sure, but yes the answer is yes. So before I start jumping into what's the latest updates with launching Celico? I want to just kind of give you guys, I want to level set that. The first part of what I want to talk about is Amazon, and that would be our new Amazon shopper survey program. Included in Amazon shopper survey program is a new search method called sell echo, real search. There's a lot of meat on that bone, so we'll talk about that for probably a majority. And then part two, I want to talk about Tiktok, just because that's on the front of everyone's mind. Seller code does have some Tiktok services, so we'll touch into that. And if we have time, I will demo our little service that I was just referring to as a kind of pick food Tel Aviv little service called Celico snapshot. So that's if we have time. So before I jump into things, we have about 30 people here. Is, can we do like a raise hand on how many people have used selaco, just so I can get an idea of the knowledge level of the audience with Celico. What

Speaker  207450:40
tends to work best, if we do not this is what works best, is numbers in the chat. So one, numbers

Speaker  209215:59
one, if you've used seller code before. Two, if you know what sell echo is, but you haven't used it before. Three, if you haven't heard of Celico.

Speaker  211648:00
So now I gotta, now I gotta do math. I'm pretty sure

Speaker  212304:00
I have you guys in these ones.

Speaker  213440:00
Lot a lot of twos. Okay, we got a lot more of an eclectic group here than I expected. I, for some reason, expected more ones, but I like this. This is good. Okay, all right, so let me just start with what sell echo is, just because we didn't get as many ones as I expected. Okay, so Celico is a do it yourself product launch platform that caters to mainly Amazon, some other marketplaces can be used, Walmart, things of that nature. We do stuff with chewy as well and Tiktok shop. So we are. We focus on marketplaces. Any place where you're going to put up a product listing and you're going to sell it, we do have some ranking features and such, but we are definitely blending into more of a product launch solution for that early bunny Moon period, product that you're just trying to get off the ground that isn't even keyword index and has been live for a few days that would be like the ideal model product to put into the Celico platform. I came from an Amazon background. I sold my brand in 2018 started working in the agency world, and I created sell echo as actually a little Google Sheets catapult system back in 2019 for my agency. And then next thing you know, it just grew into its own monster, and now Celico has been spun off into its own company. So that's a little bit about me. I'm in Tampa Bay, Florida, and I love to drop fish pretty much every week. So that's that's pretty much all you need to know about me. Alright, so we'll jump in. I'm going to share my screen, and I'm going to figure this out, because I'm a Google meter, not a Zoomer, but let's see right here share and I'm just gonna jump right into walking you guys through Amazon shopper survey program and then explaining it as I go. This is our dashboard. You can all see my screen. Jamie, give me a thumbs up.

Speaker  245328:00
We got it. You

Speaker  245637:20
got it good. All right, so let's just jump into it. I'm actually, literally going to do the same demo I do if you were talking to me one on one, but I'm just going to kind of run through it and then stop for questions, because there's a lot of meat on this bone again, and you guys are going to have questions. So when you're creating this campaign, this means you have a product you want to launch on Amazon. Okay, just to level set with where you want to be when you're creating this campaign. So we're going to call it a demo campaign. We're going to put in your demo brand. You're obviously focused today on Amazon. In the situation, if you have a supplement product, it does affect the pricing. So we will ask you if it's a non supplement. And if you get any ideas about trying to trick us and say it's a non supplement, we're probably going to know it's a supplement, and we're going to adjust your pricing anyway. So don't get any ideas supplements are just

Speaker  259856:00
yeah,

Speaker  260160:00
you wouldn't dream of it. I know. So let's just say it's a non supplement for the for the sake of our demo here today, we currently service United States and Canada markets, and then you're going to set your launch date. So people ask me all the time, when do I set my launch for Celico? My answer is, you probably want to have your listing go live and run a little bit of PPC on your listing for a few days, so that we're not starting from a incredibly cold start. I want to start from a little bit of a warm start, and PPC will warm things up for you. Okay, so start your PPC on a Monday, and then why don't you put your Celico campaign maybe in on a Tuesday, Wednesday, and set it to go live the following Monday. That would be a perfect week apart from PPC to launch. That'd be perfect. So let's just say I got my PPC running, and I want to start next Monday. I'm going to put it for the 17th. We have a little tool tips here. So if you're doing a product launch, you want to go 30 to 60 days. Most people that do 60 days, they usually do it in trunk. It's or phases, phase one, phase two. So the first 30 days is phase one. Second 30 days would be phase two. There's no reason for you guys to set up a 60 day campaign right now. Just set up for 30. Let's see how it goes, and then we can do another 30 day campaign on the back of the first 30 day campaign. So let's just put it in for 30 today. Now let's talk about Amazon shopper survey program. So let me be honest with you guys. We were in the rebate search, find by world for many, many years. You guys know that that world has been tumultuous, okay, especially with the TOS updates, okay, but we all know as well that search, find, buy still actually works. So it's this weird situation we're all in where we know that it's against tos, but we know it works. We all kind of secretly love it, but we all secretly hate it. It's this love hate relationship with search, find. By so I've been really working hard on making sure that we're offering safe solutions, and we've gotten more on the white side for you guys, not just not because I'm worried that I'm going to get in trouble or anything of that nature. It's more of I want you guys to have a safe place where you can do campaigns. And I want bigger clients. I want to, I want to, I want to be able to say I'm compliant and it's good for business for me to be compliant, that's just good for business. So we finally have made search, find by ask ish services for a launch compliant and I'm sure you're going to be skeptical. How the hell did you do that? But I'll show you. So we call it an Amazon shopper survey program. Okay? It's not a ranking program. It's not a search, find by program. This is a big nomenclature change. It's the Amazon shopper survey program for the rest of the demo, I'm going to just say ASSP, what we're doing is we're giving the shopper a free or discounted product in exchange for market research. So the shopper is actually doing market research, and I'm going to show you the different types of market research that you can have them do when setting up a campaign. Whether you want that shopper to get it for free or at a discount. Depends a lot on your product profile. Okay, if you're offering, if it's a supplement, I gotta be honest with you guys, your your only option is a free product. However, if it's a product that is consumable, something that's highly consumable, food, grocery, pet category that area, I highly recommend you actually do it at a discount. And there's nothing against TOS about running discounts. These are real promotions you're going to generate through Amazon Seller Central. It's there's nothing weird happening here at all. You're just giving a group code, and our our buyers have exclusive access to that group code, and they're going to redeem it upon checkout. So the only downside, if you guys want to offer it at a discount is that we're not going to guarantee 100% of your campaign is going to be fulfilled. If Doug here, my buddy, decided he wanted me to move 1000 of his new launch, I'm probably going to disappoint Doug and maybe only move about 350 units. So you guys just need to know coming in that if you're doing a discount, you you might have a little money left over that will go into your wallet if we don't redeem all the units, however.

Speaker  328997:20
So it's $5.50 a pot, whatever.

Speaker  330085:20
Yeah, so I'm not actually logged in as an MDS user, so this is actually not MDS pricing. So our MDS discount is 19.6% but it's really $4.50 so you get $1 off. Okay, if you're doing a supplement, it's going to be that you're getting $1 off a different price point because supplements are in the six something range. But if you're not a supplement user, you're at 450 Yeah. All right. So any questions so far that we need to chat in, feel free. I want to, kind of like, you know, answer questions as I go. So feel free to start chatting in and Jamie, if you don't mind letting me know. Oh, I think we got one right. Someone

Speaker  340224:00
complaining about the 20% already. No joke. So I'll ask a question. Thanks, Chad.

Speaker  342117:20
We'll see if we get any more. So

Speaker  342613:20
how much, how much clicking around are they doing to get their free products and what? What kind of Intel are you getting from them for that?

Speaker  345237:20
I think the best way to answer is to go on through the steps. Okay, but good question. They are going to be doing a lot of clicking around, a lot of answering questions. So for the sake of the demo, let's just say we are doing a discount code today. Okay, we're going to click Oh, so there is other options here. ASSP, no purchase. If you guys want to run a survey without a purchase, you're going to pay $3.50 with no product cost, and everything I'm about to show you, except for the checkout of a free purpose, will be available if you want to just have people come and answer the market research questions without the purchase. The reason why it's 350 is because we're actually splitting this service fee with the shopper and giving them half the money, because they're not getting anything for free, so they need to get paid. All right, so we're doing a discount now. We're going to add our product, because I'm picking on Doug. We're going to say Doug's product here, and we're going to say, we're going to just put in a URL, and we're going to say Doug's product is 2999 special instructions is mainly if you are allowing different variations to be purchased versus focusing on one variation. I highly recommend, since we're being compliant here, if you have a lot of variations and they are the same price or a similar price, please allow people to buy any variation. Real life is not people going and buying 100% of the time one variation. So let's not be let's not try to fake it here. Let's actually make a real environment where people are able to redeem anything they want in your listing. So in this case, you can say shoppers can purchase any variation. All right, so now we got, we're going to identify. It's a it's a new launch in the honeymoon period. And then now the big question is, what in the heck is Celica real search? So the short answer is, Celico real search is allowing our shoppers to search what they want to search. Okay, that's why I call it real search, because fake search is telling the shoppers what to search. Would you guys agree with me on that? That would be fake search, real search and real life situations is the shopper is going to search a keyword, they're going to search it with the brand. They're going to search it without the brand. Heck, they might even search it in Spanish. They're going to misspell things. I talk about that in this video. So let me tell you what inspired real search over in my agency, we manage about 23 Tiktok brands, and every time one of our products did well in Tiktok, all the organic ranking went up on Amazon, all of it every single time. So if they had a viral video, they would they would go from number 10 to number five on a keyword, they'd go from number eight to number two. And these are branded. So I was like this, that's kind of interesting. What's happening here? What's the connection from Tiktok to Amazon that's actually making organic search go up, and just by doing a lot of keyword tracking over time, what we found is people didn't always search branded. People would search branded with the with the brand name. At the end, people would search branded with different auto completes, okay, brand name, men's baseball cap. Brand name, men's Kat for baseball, you guys get it right. Then we found that people would search in Spanish a lot and people would misspell a lot. So I was like, why is it that ranking on big keywords is going up when people are basically searching a variety of keywords, with and without branded and what I found out was what we're seeing in Celica, real search is about 70 to 80% of the search terms all had the same roots. Does that make sense? Everybody so far? Yeah, if you guys can just give me a one on that making sense. I just want to make sure, because it's extremely important datum, okay, all had the same roots. Define roots. Good question. Ah, here, let's go to an actual tab. Can you guys see my new tab?

Speaker  412826:40
Yeah, go ahead. Okay.

Speaker  413210:40
This is a campaign on real search for an electrolyte product. These are the roots for electrolyte. Okay, these are the most prominent keywords in the title, and these would be the, basically, the keywords that simply define the product. You guys got it so far. So what we're seeing is with real search. If you look here, 52% of people included electrolyte, 38 included powder. 35 included hydration. 30% included packets, and 26 of those. And I know this equals more than 100% because a lot of them had crossover. Only 26 of those in our real search included the brand. This is the exact thing that I was seeing from Tiktok. Was the same roots the sync basically main three or four words that define the product being the common denominator with all the searches.

Speaker  428314:40
How often, how often they searching the word tick tock as well. Very little, tick tock. Not much, very,

Speaker  430282:40
very, very little, like just, not even, not even worth mentioning. They're

Speaker  431354:40
just putting in electric elect powder. And then they, they notice the main news from tick tock, and then they click that one.

Speaker  432992:00
Well, here's what's happening is, uh, auto complete is, is defining search terms these days. So if you if, if, let's say Doug's brand is called Doug brand, and they're looking for his product, they're going to say Doug's brand. Then, then, then, what they search next is going to be depending on Doug's brand, with 15 different options. Product one, product two, product three, product four. If they type in Doug's and they forget brand, it's going to be a different combination. If they type in electro electrolyte powder Doug's brand, it's going to be a different combination. So you guys are seeing that the electrolyte powder is the common denominator, whether Doug's brain is in front or at the end or non existent at all. So, yeah, that's very nice. Doug, very nice. You just, you just made this okay? Thank you. All right, so let's go back to real search. Here's how we do it. Every if you with real search, you're going to basically give us a URL. We have the URL, we're going to take that URL and we're going to make a screenshot in the back end of our dashboard, in our in our shopper dashboard, and they're going to see Doug's title. They're going to see all of his images. It's basically just going to be a screenshot from a regular PDP. That's all they get. We're not guiding them. We're not telling them don't search Doug. We're not telling them what to search. We're just giving that. Now, why am I giving that PDP? Because it's no different than someone coming from Tiktok and looking at a PDP on Tiktok. It's the same thing. Okay, Tiktok doesn't provide links, so if I'm giving a PDP on Amazon or a PDP on Tiktok, they should be the same. We also allow some of our clients to add a Tiktok PDP. It's

Speaker  461066:40
PDP is product detail page. So like your

Speaker  462186:40
listing? Yeah, you're listing

Speaker  462554:40
Exactly. So that's all we're giving to the shoppers. Okay, so you're basically, when you're setting it up, you're you can put in the Tiktok URL here, then you can create your type of schedule. So you can actually say, I want to ramp up, ramp down. I want to ramp up only because we're distributing your purchases and we're controlling those purchases over the course of 30 days. So let's just say we're doing a ramp up, ramp down, which I personally prefer for new launches. And now it's up to you on how many units. And people always ask me, How do I just decide how many units based on my search terms? I'm like guys, we're not doing search terms. Keywords are out. Search Find, buy is gone. We're not doing search terms. Okay? So we're not looking at DST, our data. We're not looking at CP, whatever, helium, 10 information. This is a promotion where people are allowed to search whatever they want. So there's no point of talking about search volume or dstr. So in this case, I would ask Doug, Hey, Doug, how many you want to move? And he would say, Okay, I got about 3000 units. I'd like to move 300 let's move 300 through your platform. Great. It's arbitrary. 300 units, I will say, Don't do a launch under 100 units, it's not really going to move the needle these days, especially because a lot of us are launching in competitive categories. If you're doing 100 units, you're getting three sales a day for silicon, right? That'd be 93 times 30. So just think about that. If you do 50 units, you're getting, what, a sale or two a day. Maybe that's not a huge needle mover. So I just wanted to give that advice to not go below 100 if you, if you can afford it. Okay,

Speaker  488709:20
so then you're below

Speaker  489045:20
100 giveaways a day.

Speaker  489941:20
No, no, no, no. 30 days.

Speaker  490421:20
Over 100 over 30 days. Oh, okay, yeah,

Speaker  491146:40
yeah, yeah, yeah. Just

Speaker  491706:40
a quick question about the Tiktok shop page. Is that only for Tiktok shop launches, or would you put it in there if you did have it as well?

Speaker  493898:40
Or not? I want you to put it in there, because we're going to show we're basically going to have our shoppers. And I know this sounds a little bizarre, but we're going to have our shoppers click on the Tiktok shop page and review your Tiktok shop and then go buy it on Amazon.

Speaker  497504:00
Oh, so the Amazon sees people coming from Tiktok to Amazon.

Speaker  498624:00
I don't know, I don't know how much they see these days. I think, right, right. Look, I'm not hurting anybody, right? Exactly. Yeah. So if you provide that, it replaces the screenshot. If you guys provide the Tiktok PDP. Okay, all right. So you can add more than one product in your campaign, please do so. People will come in and do 15 campaigns and 15 products. I don't see the point. You're going to see all the KPIs you need to see by product. So feel free to continue to add products. All right. So now we go to shopper questions. This is where the market research comes in. So we have two different shopper question options for you guys. These don't they don't add any cost to your campaign. It's all included. You have five key shopper questions, and then Cosma AI compliance questionnaire. The Cosma AI compliance questionnaire is literally the questionnaire that I got from Amazon that determines whether your listing complies with Cosmo AI. This is what Amazon's looking for, the function, concept product type. Concept product type used on what season, what event, what location does it used, right? You guys are getting it. So what we're doing is we are having our shoppers answer yes or no on every single one of these light items. Does the listing? Does the page describe the primary function or purpose of the product? Does it mention any additional uses or capabilities beyond the main function? And you are going to be graded on every single section, A through F. Okay, any questions on that before I go into the other one?

Speaker  526666:40
Before about rewriting these questions to make them a bit more reader friendly, like to a lower reading level type thing. You

Speaker  529264:00
know, it's not a bad idea. I just went straight from the horse's mouth on these questions because I was trying not to alter them too much. But yeah, I'm interested in your feedback. If you guys think this is a little too computery, notice that

Speaker  532656:00
thing where it tells you, like, what the grade reading, grade level of something is, and you always want to be trying to be trying to get it down to like a grade five or something, is that something like that?

Speaker  535381:20
So, so you're saying, rephrase these questions so they're a little bit more easy to understand on the on the client. Yeah, yeah. No, it's not a bad that's not a bad suggestion. I just, I don't want to do it prohibitive of the data being accurate, right? But I get your point Absolutely. All right, so a

Speaker  540298:40
lot of yeses and don't knows, or do you get good answers from this? We

Speaker  541178:40
get a lot of everything, which is great. Let me see if I have a page here. Yeah. So here's an example. I

Speaker  545280:00
so it's not just getting a lot of A's. Like, people are, you know, they're really reading these questions. Look, we've got an F in there. The people

Speaker  547104:00
so they don't, so people aren't scoring it, so they're just giving you an A to F score, and then it's averaging them out. No,

Speaker  549184:00
they're just saying yes or no, okay,

Speaker  549653:20
and then you're getting Okay, all right, you got it. You got it. And 100% yes,

Speaker  550853:20
this is obviously an A plus, right? And 100% knows there's obviously a zero, so that'd be an F, okay. And then you get your overall rating on the on the dashboard. But I don't want to show this page too much, because there's some there's some brands in the background, and I'd rather keep, keep keep your brands to yourselves. Okay, so the other option is five key shopper questions. This is my personal favorite. I like this one because you're able to edit the questions. These are my questions that have I've been refining over the last six months. What is your first impression of the main product listing image how did the other product images and bullet points influence your decision to choose this product? How does this product compare to similar products you viewed in terms of price, features and overall appeal? This is kind of where people shop and look at other products, what questions or concerns are not answered or addressed when viewing the product listing. This one gets a lot of meat on the bone, guys, it's incredible. I think this one's probably one of the most important questions on here. It's, What? What? What? What is the shopper leaving with that they just still don't know an answer to, is this good for babies? Will my dog get diarrhea? I don't know this, this scenario, but, boy, that that that produces answers. And then the last one is, what factors, if any, made you hesitate to purchase this product? Okay, all these answers are going to come in and get aggregated into an AI summary. At the end, we have the summary of findings, and then we have the detailed checklist of suggested changes. It's obviously your guy's job to go through this and really figure out what you know go through it, or have one of your VAs go through it and figure out what takeaways you can have that are basic and applicable to your listing. I understand you're not going to change everything on here. Why would you? But you might find something that is basic and simple, like your image isn't bright enough.

Speaker  582629:20
So how many respondents do you typically need to get meaningful results? 100

Speaker  583861:20
or more, 100

Speaker  584149:20
or more, okay, yeah,

Speaker  584997:20
and you generally what? What percentage of the time are you getting meaningful results is, is it always come out quite well, or does it? Does it sometimes need more people?

Speaker  588202:40
Good question. I don't know the answer to that, because we have so many campaigns coming through, and I'm not able to personally read all the results, so I can't really give you that answer. But I do know that from the campaigns I viewed, the 100 mark is really where the data gets more nuanced. At 50, the data is, you know, Hey, make it brighter. Hey, you know, the AI will try, but when they have 100 answers times five questions, that's 500 data points that gives the AI enough to give you clearly state whether a pump is included in the product offered to reduce confusion. That's very nuanced. Yeah, you see, yeah, yeah, exactly. So you guys can edit these. I do have sometimes people go on this one, please compare to Brand X, Y, Z, okay, that's fine. If you guys want to have them look around at a specific brand. Kind of pin you against that brand. Feel free. Okay, so that those questions are

Speaker  604314:40
up to you, the real search being going into competitor listings. No

Speaker  605434:40
real search is just the screenshot or the Tiktok PDP, inspiring them to choose what keyword they want to choose to find a product and then coming out with the results with all these different keywords that were searched with these roots, that's real search. Okay,

Speaker  610432:00
cool, and

Speaker  610688:00
that is what's specifically TOS compliant, because you're not guilty of manipulating rank on a keyword because you're not giving a keyword. How could you be guilty of that? You haven't given me anything. You're just basically running promotions, and we're letting the shopper choose the keyword. Okay, so now you chose your questions. You're gonna add your discount. This part's a little bit boring, but it's worth noting. So you're gonna put in for Doug's product. You're gonna put in your promo code. In order to achieve higher than 50% unfortunately, you need to stack a coupon on your your group code. So the group code is private. It's only going to be offered to our shoppers. Will not be shared. If you want to go to 60 or 70% off, which I highly recommend, to move more units, you have to add a 10 or 20% coupon to your product listing, and you have to allow stacking. And this is just an option in your Seller Central. Okay, so you did that. Let's say you want to do a 20% off. I highly recommend a 20% off coupon on a new launch. Anyway, it's going to increase your CTR. You guys know that. So 70% is the magic number, removing a lot of units in Celico, and it's a good number to get a new product to go off the ground, because everyone will benefit from 20% right? Then you put in your launch date, and you let us know that this coupon is active on the launch date. Okay? Last step is checkout. That's where Ian makes his millions of dollars and pays for his Lamborghinis. So here it is, you're gonna you're gonna be broken down to, I think you guys are at $4.50 um, times the amount of units. So there is no monthly fee, there's no set of fee. It's all a cart based on how many units you want to run through the program. If you guys decided you wanted to offer it for free, it will automatically add your product cost in there. This is your rebate costs. So that's why these are dramatically different. This one does not have a rebate cost because it's all through promotions, and this one does have a rebate cost, and that does include sales tax, of course. Okay, let me stop now, and I'm sure you guys have questions on ASSP real search, feel free open questions.

Speaker  647285:20
Yeah. So June, had a couple of questions I've asked you follow ups. I'm not entirely sure what you're asking those questions, June, so if you could just reply on those, I'll come back to them. Jill's asking, Where are the buyers coming from? Good question.

Speaker  650549:20
Jill, so we recruit shoppers through Instagram and Tiktok, and we have a privately branded shopper Network website that is not Celico. I don't even know if they've ever heard the word Celica. It's a different planet over there. And we filter them through ads. We don't target deal seekers. That's extremely important. We actually don't target anybody. Our ads are very generic. Jamie might see an ad, I might see an ad, Belen might see an ad. It's all just generic targeting across the US and Canada. And we also have an affiliate referral program for our users, which is very effective. So this is the key. Our shoppers that come in through the ad that apply have reverse questioning. You guys would probably call it reverse psychology. Okay, these questions are asking such as, Do you have experience reviewing products for on Amazon for free, or do you have experience getting free products in Amazon and writing reviews. That's question one, if they say yes, they're immediately not allowed in. Okay, that's why the reverse questions, are you part of any other deal sites? If they say yes, they're not allowed in? What I want is no to about five questions, and I want Yes to three questions, do you actively purchase on Amazon? Are you a Prime member? Are you located? No VPN, but are you physically located with an address in the United States? Those are the three questions I like, and the first five I want no. So everyone coming in is like, just a an absolute, just like, doesn't know how to buy anything, doesn't know sponsored ads, doesn't know organic positions, doesn't know how to write a review, and then they go through a training program. Okay, does that answer that question?

Speaker  680629:20
Yeah. So put a follow up in a chat if anyone's not clear on that. So the same, we're doing a 70% discount, so there's a 50% code that you have and then a 20% coupon on the listing. That 50% code, Are they single use, or are they all using the same one group

Speaker  685434:40
code one, but you can set it for one redemption per person, or you can set it for two. That's up to you.

Speaker  687626:40
Oh, but so, so there is a risk of, there is potentially a risk of that getting shared,

Speaker  689216:00
right? I guess so. I guess someone in our in our shopper network, could share it with their mother and their uncle, and they could get a discount. It is one per person, and that would be, I don't see it going crazy or Berserker, okay, if you guys, I used to do individual codes. I used to allow it. I turned it off because the users, the clients, many times, didn't set them up, right? So, sorry, guys, I turned off individual use, and now group codes the only option, because it was pausing a lot of campaigns, and then I see a lot of questions here about reviews. Let me be clear, sell echo is trying to be white hat. Okay, the last thing I'm going to do is allow my shoppers to write reviews and get you guys shut down on Amazon. That's the last thing I'm going to do. So I just want to be clear, they're not writing any reviews,

Speaker  703594:40
specifically telling them not to write reviews. Yes,

Speaker  704640:00
we had to, because we did when we didn't tell them. We get 10% review rates. I'm sure you guys all liked it. This was years ago, but we started having people. This was like 2021 two saying, I can't write reviews anymore. I'm getting they're getting wiped really. Why is that? You see? So we, we stopped that a long time ago, because we never asked them to do it in the first place. They

Speaker  710885:20
obviously more inclined to do it. And some of them think it's enough.

Speaker  711749:20
Yeah, yeah. They all want to. They all want to. They all want to be nice. Do you plan for Europe launch? I did a UK launch. Not enough users, not enough products. It was actually quite a it was quite a bummer. I launched UK back in July, and I think you guys gave me maybe three or four campaigns a month, and that just isn't enough. And my UK shoppers got disinterested because they didn't get enough products. So if you guys want UK, I need you to come in harder next time. Okay, I need more products, because if I don't have products, the shoppers.

Speaker  720320:00
So finding the shoppers wasn't, wasn't a problem, but finding the products was okay. Yep,

Speaker  721968:00
without products, they walk away.

Speaker  722848:00
Okay. So can you just go over again? How the I mean, Lucas is asking how the real search works. So you're, you're showing them either a screenshot of the listing or a link to a Tiktok shop page, and then you just want them to work out what to search for themselves. Is that right?

Speaker  728437:20
Precisely? Yeah,

Speaker  729669:20
if is there an option for us just to provide the route or give them the keyword as well or not. So look,

Speaker  731178:40
I'm getting away from keywords because that's searched by buy and that's not TOS compliant. Okay, we still have a keyword option, but we're discontinuing the keyword option and on April 10. So what we're going to have going forward is only two options, a direct URL to the product listing and real search, I'm probably going to lose about 25% of my business, but we'll gain it back, because I have a more and more people coming in that are getting excited about doing TOS compliant services. So it's fine.

Speaker  739648:00
Um, so for re ranking, do you recommend, uh, free or 50% coupon?

Speaker  742096:00
Um, well, I don't, I don't know. I've had success with both. Does anyone here know Brian Kelsey, yeah,

Speaker  743717:20
yeah,

Speaker  744021:20
okay, Brian. Brian loves my real search, and he loves the promotion codes. He's he's a big fan of it, and he was running an 80% off and having amazing results. So he's kind of the guy that pushed the envelope to 80. So I have antidote to believe that anywhere up to that point you're gonna you're gonna rank. I hope that answers it.

Speaker  750442:40
Okay, so I guess obviously 50% is if I can get enough buyers of 50% then that's obviously better, because it cost me less money. But where, what is deciding factors to deciding when, when I can get away with just a 50% coupon and when I can get away with a rebate? You need

Speaker  755456:00
it. I know this sounds like I'm not answering it, but you need to ask yourself, how widely, how wide of an appeal is this product going to have for a shopper that's not searching for it right now, okay, if it's toilet paper that look, let's call it the widest toilet paper, paper towels, iPhones. You know, it's a joke, because everyone wants an iPhone the least wide, something that's a part for something never going to work on a promotion code, something that is a one time, a very inexpensive trinket, like a $10 item that's not going to be exciting to get a discount on. The perfect items over $20 up to 150 20 to 150 Okay, something that everyone has in their kitchen. Wouldn't mind more of knife set, towels, you know, cutlery, forks, plates, everything of that nature goes like ballistic on a promotion code, dog food, dog treats go crazy on promotion codes. Everyone needs more and more of it. So if you have a question, we have a chat support, and I get a lot, and I want you to use it. Here's my product. Is this good for a discount one and two? Can I go to 50% versus 70? And our chat will actually tell you yes or no. All right, I see more questions.

Speaker  779050:40
Next question is, does this work with Tiktok can you do this for Tiktok shop?

Speaker  780138:40
Let's talk about Tiktok shop. Is it a good time to do that?

Speaker  781802:40
Okay, so there's question about Europe, UK, which we've covered. If enough of us promise to put products on then we can do it recording. Matthew, you need to get that from the MDS app. Next question, if there were repeat buyers, can I have multiple campaigns for the same product?

Speaker  786992:00
Yeah, what's the point of having multiple campaigns for the same product? What's the point of that? Yeah,

Speaker  788560:00
I guess maybe if you had you did one at, like, say, 80% off, and then that was maxed out, and then you thought, okay, maybe, maybe I can get a few more 50% off, or 60%

Speaker  791845:20
off doesn't work. We, it doesn't work. We, if you do a percent off, it's going to be posted to our network, our back end. You can't change it later. We would reject that campaign because the people that got it at 70% if you're now going to 80, they're going to ride on the streets. Okay, what? Why? Why did it change? So you need to stick with your promotion, whatever it is. That's why I recommend 70 is a safe number. You're going to move units, you're going to rank, everything is going to go great. And it's a happy number to get everything. You know, people happy on the shopper end, and you guys are still getting enough money back to pay back your product cost.

Speaker  801952:00
So $4.50 is per unit sold, right? If they're paying for 190 or anything on that, yeah. How many buyers do you have, and how many deals are they typically redeeming? Like, yeah. So

Speaker  805312:00
last I checked, last I checked, we have, we have three separate groups. The buyers are all segmented into three audiences with three different ad campaigns. We have about 45 to 55,000 and all three, so over 100k in the US, but active buyers this time of year is probably a third, maybe 50. Uh, the best time of year for is q4 it goes up to over 100,000 in q4 so here's another little tip, if you can't move it at a discount. Now that that doesn't mean you can't move it at a discount in November. Okay, you guys to take advantage of q4 and gifts. I can move next to anything in q4

Speaker  816912:00
Okay, so if you're doing 100% off, Clint is asking about this, then we are we effectively, you're effectively just doing you're doing a rebate. Instead of that,

Speaker  818944:00
you're doing a rebate. Yeah, I see Clint question. You're doing a rebate. So at

Speaker  819744:00
that point, it's got all the due to a full price purchase. Look,

Speaker  820576:00
look, Clint, if you want to do a promotion code at 50% and then a coupon at 50% I'll run that campaign. Let's go. Let's see if it let's see if it ranks. I've never done one. Funny enough. So if you want to be the first guy, let's see if it works, because that's also TOS compliant, which is great. I love that. All right. What else we got? How

Speaker  826517:20
to Get the MDS code. So if you go to the partners on the app, there should be a link or an email address to click from there till that's like, Oh,

Speaker  828826:40
let me actually make it easier for everybody. So when you go sign up, you just do this. Am I? What am I on the sign up page? No. Do you guys see my page? The tab, yep. Okay, so it's real simple. We have three options. Here you see, there you are, right at the bottom.

Speaker  837296:00
Oh, cool. You

Speaker  837605:20
just put that in, and your discount will auto generate when your accounts created. And no one else knows what MDS is like the people that are coming in from sellers. The good thing is, they don't really know what it is, so we don't tend to get people and no one knows why this is here, because it doesn't say a discount. So it's worked pretty well for us to make it easy.

Speaker  843834:40
Okay, let's so we move on to the Tiktok stuff. Now, yeah,

Speaker  844554:40
let's do it. Okay, so you need three things to to have a Tiktok shop. Okay, you need GMV, reviews and UGC. Those are what you need. If you don't have reviews, your UGC won't convert. If you don't have GMV, your affiliates or Kat you guys know this, right? So we are trying to be your one stop shop for those three things. Currently, there are some great UGC services out there. Ian sells his buddy of mine, and he crushes it with UGC. We are getting into the UGC game, but let me just show you what we have today. So you're going to say Tiktok shop reviews, because that's what I'm about to show you. So you put in your brand, let's just, let's mess with Doug Moore, Doug, Doug's products on Tiktok. You put in your Tiktok SHOP Marketplace, you identify it's a supplement or non supplement, same questions United States, but your launch date, Tiktok, if you're going to do rebates on Tiktok, you don't want to do them all in 510 days. I think 20 to 30 days is the way to go, because realize they are a marketplace, and they don't want, they don't want anything weird happening with these accounts. So if you had 100 purchases in one day from a cold start, they'd probably let you know with some sort of a notification. So I like to just be smart and safe and conservative and do campaigns over 20 to 30 days. So what this is, is you guys are basically buying Tiktok product reviews. It's a done for you. Product Review Program for new and emerging shops, our team will request product feedback for you. Expect 50% or more feedback to purchase ratio, and we are limiting Tiktok shop to a maximum, 150 units per store. All posted feedback will close with I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review to ensure FTC compliance. Okay, so the great thing is, we're putting the clause at the bottom. A lot of times we're putting it as a separate sentence. And the way Tiktok reviews are on their on their PDPs is, you guys have probably seen it. There's a See More button so that you that without clicking that See More button, that disclaimer won't show to an average consumer, they would have to click, see more, and they will see the disclaimer at the bottom. What, what inspired me is Amazon vine. This is my version of Tiktok vine. I'm actually meeting with the legal team of Tiktok in Vegas to try to get this fully sanctioned as a partner with Tiktok, because they don't have a vine program and they need one. Yeah, so that's where we're at right now, where we're where they know about it. We've told them they're going to meet with me. They want more details. Let's all hope and pray that I can become fully sanctioned for years to come as a partner for them. So Okay, questions on Tiktok reviews. I'm sure you guys got some any questions yet.

Speaker  892794:40
While we wait for those, there was just one more question. Is there any risk to a 50% coupon being very widely used by hundreds or even 1000s of people? Or Amazon? How many people use a 50% off COVID? No,

Speaker  896394:40
I mean, Amazon, if there was a risk, why would Amazon let you produce it? Yeah,

Speaker  897584:00
it's basically no different to like, you know, if you just had an email go out or you did a social media post, right? Yeah,

Speaker  899872:00
yeah, we're following all their guidelines between coupons and Amazon and they allow stacking. You guys saw that they allow stacking between a promotion code and a coupon. All right. So with these codes, we stack tick tock shot coupons. Okay, so with tick tock, we are doing rebates only, okay, but I want to make that clear, there's no promotion code option. These are rebates you guys are paying to get your product purchased on tick tock, and you're going to put a Tiktok URL in the product listing, or this is a little hack, if you want to try, you can put in an affiliate video, so that you get all your purchases through an affiliate you might go, why do I want affiliate purchases? Because I'm paying a commission on this, because there's actually a GMV threshold for affiliate sales. Two, the more affiliate sales you get, the more you're able to unlock affiliate outreach. So feel free to put an affiliate video here. We're happy to buy through an affiliate video. Okay, so then you got your retail price, 20 bucks. 2020 bucks. This would be after your flash sale. This is your net price, bio demographics. So you know if, if you're Doug product, then it would be people who love Doug. We want Doug lovers here. Okay, so I want buyer demographics to be specifically, if you're doing a baby product, I want moms with one to two year olds. Okay, you want good reviews. You want photos on your reviews. Who's going to give you good reviews, people who are going to use the product. So that's why you have demographic variations. You guys already know about variations. And then here is the same schedule you can make for reviews. There is no keyword. We're not doing search find by this is just direct to the listing or to the affiliate page. So you're just gonna basically reverse it by how many reviews you want. Right now we are averaging, write this down, because this isn't official. We're averaging about 60 to 70% we guarantee 50. So if you want 100 reviews, you should do 150 giveaways. So you want 75 reviews, maybe 110 Okay, and then here would be the schedule, the giveaway schedule. You then save your product, and there's really not a lot to show you now. There's no questions. It's not ASSP, it's not real search. You're basically just be giving it away. The price on MDS for this is $10 you guys are getting a little better than 20% okay, we, we that makes up for that. 19.5 I'm scamming you guys, yeah, 19.6 whatever.

Speaker  944928:00
Supplements is the same as on Tiktok. It's supplements and regular and non supplements the same.

Speaker  946272:00
No, it's going to be a little bit more. I wish I knew what the number was with MDS, because I'm not logged in as an MDS member, but it's going to be a bit different. So unfortunately, you have to go back and be an MDS member to find out. It's going to probably be, instead of 10, it'll probably be like 11 or 1150 I don't know. You know what I'm going to do, screw it. I'm just going to make supplements reviews the same price. I'm going to go in and change it because it it's already an expensive service, so I'll make it 10 for supplements for you guys. Awesome.

Speaker  956154:40
Yeah,

Speaker  956442:40
okay. Any other review questions? Tiktok, yeah,

Speaker  957370:40
any other questions? Put them in the chat. We've got 10 minutes left. Is there any other topics you wanted to cover, or did you just want to chat about these two for a little longer?

Speaker  960042:40
Well, I wanted to cover, oh, I have a question. You mentioned the review rate is 50% where we are charged the unit fee of all giveaways. Yeah, that is correct. That's why I'm I'm gonna do it at 10 bucks a giveaway, yeah, but you are right. You do need to give away double what you want reviews for. Everyone tries to review, but not all reviews get published. Tiktok is weird, and the reviews take time. That's why we do 50% or more, because we haven't quite figured out their system. But our average review rate Jill is 60 to 70% so it's a little better than what you're saying. All the questions are custom, are there an AR that those questions are editable? You could obviously just take those questions, put it through chatgpt or whatever AR you guys use, Graham or whatever, and you could edit them, or they're all customizable in the ASSP program, yeah. Okay, so once your campaign, let me make sure I'm not in my admin screen here. I don't want to show you guys brand information. Okay, good. So once your Doug Tiktok campaign is going you're going to see what day you're on. You're going to see where your money is, how far it's you know what? It's being spent, units sold. All your reviews will be published in this page here. Then you will have a schedule page, and it will go green as the campaign progresses, and a date will be applied. Yeah, yeah, you will see the dates. I just don't want to show you a real campaign and show you brand names. I don't. I hate, I hate showing brand names. I don't. I just like it to be confidential. But there's also a daily report page that shows up here that shows you all your order IDs, all your survey responses will be in here if you're doing ASSP, yeah. So that's basically it for that. I do have another service, if you guys are pretty much good on Tiktok and on Amazon. Does anyone have any last questions before I talk about my other service, I'm going to look for my page to go to that other service. Here it is, all right, so let's do it. You guys want to see seller code snapshot. It's coming out Monday. Let's do it. Okay? I gotta share my screen again, so let me. Let me do that. I

Speaker  1003786:40
Okay, let me tee this up. So let me tell you what inspired the service. Okay, here's what inspired it. As an agency owner, I get lectured all the time why my client's products are better, okay, how many times you guys heard that my product's better because this, my product's different because this, we do a four ounce, everyone else does a two ounce. We do a, we're doing a, we're doing a flip top, we're doing a squeeze top. It that's why it's better. So after they always tell me all the reasons why their products better, I go to the lifting page, and I look at the hero image, and more times than not, I'm like, Guys, where is half the shit you just told me? Okay, all the stuff you told me on is better is not demonstrable in your main image. So why do you why do you think people are going to click on your product if it's not shown in the main image? So because of that, I decided I wanted to create a survey program that surveys you, the brand owner, against my shoppers. This is unique. You're, you're you're participating, okay, this is a real survey we did on a brand I'm launching. I changed the name because I'm not going to give you guys my brand name just yet. I don't want you guys stealing my great ideas. Okay? And we had 674, people fill out the survey. And what the survey is, and I'll show you, you put in your age, put in your gender, okay, I'd rather not say, especially in front of you guys how much money I make. So I'm just gonna say, I'd rather not say, you start your survey. You set the timer. Okay, boom, it's done. So me as the shopper. I had three seconds, four seconds or five seconds to view that image, and then, now I need to answer the questions against the brand owners questions. So here's the questions. What do you think the product is? Instant coffee? Okay, good. How would you use the product? Or coffee sticks? My product's not this, but I'm just kind of giving, you know, poor coffee sticks. Coffee stick into hot water. That's how I'd use it. What is, what stands out most about the product as four flavors in one box? I didn't actually look at the image. I'm just giving an example, right? Because it's blurred out in one box. Finish, good. So you have your surveys coming in and mass scale, okay? And what we're doing is we're basically trying to match up their answers through AI with your answer, because you answered the same three questions as them, and then we're going to grade your answer or their answer against your answer, and the grades are perfect match, instant coffee, instant coffee packets with 24 or four flavors, whatever that is good match. Some people didn't know that it was instant. And this is true. Some people thought it was a K cup. Okay, that would that, that would take the answers down to mostly confusion or some confusion. So we're grading. The AI is grading based on how far the answers are to your answers in that one image and only three, four or five seconds. So each you get an overall grade for your survey. This one was a, b, you get a summary. You get what the differences are from owners intent, and you get the improvement suggestions on how you can fix that. And boy, we got some great suggestions. Okay? And I did apply them, and I did make the image better. Then you get your grade distribution. Okay? So you have your C grade, your B grades, okay, with Question three, with no A grades, that's not good. So no one had exact understanding. And most people, 499, had a very what does it say? Some confusion, understanding of your product that's not good. Then you have question two. You have a fail, mostly C grade. And then you have question one, which is your best question? What is it interesting? Coffee sticks, and your grade was a, b, because some most people generally understood it, and only 95 people had a perfect understanding in three seconds. But get it, this is three seconds. You have to do it in a very short amount of time. This is why this is a cool survey. Is that if you give people time to stare at the image. They're going to learn everything. This is what I think is wrong with a lot of surveys, is that they're just staring at an image they got all day. I don't give them all day. Okay? I do it in a real environment, which is three, four or five seconds, because that's how long you have questions. I see some coming through. Just comment, thank you very much. Grace. I appreciate that. And then I think some of the other ones are old questions. Okay, good. So then what's going to happen is, and this is actually coming out Monday, is we, we are going to be showing we're going to break down the grade. And my dev team couldn't get it done for you guys today in this demo, but we're going to break down each grade, so you're going to be able to click on B grade and see all your B grades. And then you're going to see a summary of each b Why there be you're going to see your summary per question, okay? And then you're going to have the ability to talk to the AI. We're going to give you questions so that you can learn how you can increase the grades all the way to a across all three questions. Go fix your image, come back, do another survey, and hopefully you guys get an A on all three questions newly. So this is it's going to become much more robust, but we're very excited about it, and it's going to, I think it's going to give you guys a much better response to hero images than just comparing my image versus a competitor. Instead, you're going to actually compare your understanding versus the shoppers understanding.

Speaker  1102378:40
So by making it super clear what it is, we can try and really drive click through rate.

Speaker  1103802:40
Yeah, and what are the three things that you need to make clear? What is it? What is it used for? Why is it different? Those are the three most important things in the triangle of what an image needs to communicate. And if your images are below an A What is it? What is it used for? And why is it different? Then you're failing in some regard to get the person to click in that three second period.

Speaker  1111029:20
Great, awesome. Well, thanks, Ian, so if you guys go to the sell echo sign up page, you can just select the box for MDS MDS member, and you will get the MDS pricing on all of this. And if anyone wants to reach out to reach out to you, Ian, what's the best way to get hold

Speaker  1115850:39
of you? So on our website, we have a book consultation on seller code.com just www selico.com I am going to be on every one of those calls. I'm still doing every demo. I'm very, very involved in this company. So if you want to just have a 30 minute with me to talk about Tiktok, talk about snapshot, talk about ASSP, real search, book, a call so much better. I actually recommend everyone does it that hasn't used Celica yet, so that we can get to know each other, and I can set you up for success. Great. And you want me to do here? I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna leave the link for the call here, because it's just so much easier. Here you go.

Speaker  1126869:20
Awesome, guys. We've also put the feedback form on there as well. So if you just click that air table link and give us a score out of 10 for the call, leave any feedback, it's really helpful. Gets me to make the calls as good as possible. For Europeans, the call will still be one hour and earlier, one hour earlier than usual next week at this time, because American clocks have changed. Cool. All right. Well, thanks, Ian, thanks everyone. Thank you, everybody. Hopefully we can rank our products and get some good feedback the same time looks cool. You're

Speaker  1135274:40
going to love ASSP, real search, I promise you guys, you got to get out of the search. Find by mindset and try it out, you're gonna love it.

Speaker  1137088:00
All right, thanks. Bye

Speaker  1137616:00
guys. Bye. Thanks,

Speaker  1138016:00
Ian. See you soon. Thank you.
