15. FC Chats_ How to Scale While Keeping a Killer Culture
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  1008:00
I My issue is I see so many opportunities in the space. Like, it's really a matter of, like, honing down and staying dedicated and focused to one so, like, I would just go crazy if I wasn't growing things. That's kind of, that's why, though I just, I can't help but do it. Like, I have to pick my hobbies, for instance, around things that I know I'll never turn into a business because I'm terrible at it. So like, like I did, like, board game design stuff, and then I was, like, trying to, like, I was pitching publishers that didn't work. So I switched to to like, I love, like, grilling out and cooking, and I'm a terrible cook. So I was like, Okay, this can actually be relaxing, because I know I am never going to actually try to turn this into a business. So that's my thing.

Speaker  10789:20
What are the a lot of these guys are hiring this year. I made it. Made a lot of mistakes myself over the years. Was kind of some of your, your biggest tips and things to watch out for when hiring, especially, like we one of my horror stories, we brought on, like, a corporate banker to be our CFO, but he was so out of touch with, like, how to run a DTC business and kind of up the whole coach culture, like using debt that we didn't need to have. Like, give us some horror stories there and some advice.

Speaker  17088:00
Yeah, I mean, so it's funny. So actually, let's get that gets into, I've got, like, call, like, eight things that tend to be pretty universal, as far as, like, what I've seen across industries and from making mistakes and having some successes myself, you know, we'll jump into into some of that. You know, maybe I'll answer that question. We can kind of go back around. Because what it sort of laid out is really talking through really, like culture. So like, what is culture? And kind of defining that in a simple way, and then scale. So because I've just found that scale is sort of a word that gets thrown around a lot, you know, especially by investors, and it's to me, it's often really misunderstood. Like I misunderstood it early on, and sort of was focused on the wrong things until I sort of figured it out, and was like, Oh, this makes so much more sense. So I figured I'll kind of define this. Of define those two things and then jump into two tips. And Chris, one of those to your question. Like, I actually cover a number of things around, like, you know, how do you find the right people? What like? What are the right people look like at different phases? And how do you make sure that like, those people don't screw up your culture, you know, as you're growing and all that sort of stuff. So, so maybe to I'll sort of back into your question. So on the culture side, you know, just before we kind of get to you, before we get to all that. So to me, like, because every, every company has culture, you know, so we'll kind of start on, like, what is killer culture? You know, what I find, though, is that it's like, I often find, like, two camps of founders, if you will, right? There's like, the group where, you know, there's a company that has this awesome culture, and it's because the founder is awesome, like, you know, like, I'm sure all of you are, but like, it's sort of culture by accident, right? In other words, like, it's there, it happens to be awesome because the team's small, it's probably some people that you knew. Like, you know, you've got a personality that kind of cultivates it naturally. But it's not through intention, if you will, you know, and the resulting, and I say that's honestly, one of the most common ways that I see cultures erode over time is, frankly, it's like, it's just through a lack of intention, because one of the one of the perspective shifts that, you know, that's that I've seen over time, is like, if you're not spending time actually, like, intentionally cultivating a culture, like, you'll still have one, it just won't be the one that you want, right? It'll end up being sort of the amalgamation of the personalities that you've hired versus, like, this very intentional thing that you've cultivated. And then, honestly, I say that from experience. So you know, the last two companies, you know that I did, we were, we actually, like, won awards every year for amazing culture. We had people come on board, frankly, for, like, lower salaries, because, you know, because of great culture, you know, and prior to that, at different companies, like, it wasn't nearly as intentional as we had made it. And, like, it was okay, but like, we didn't win any awards. Like, churn was higher, I mean, all that sort of stuff. So, like, to me, like, and maybe even just, just to outline it, I won't go too deep, because honestly, like, building a great culture is probably a whole separate, you know, talk it is that I do. But so, like, culture, I like to think about in four things. So one is values. So like, your North Star, everybody thinks of this is like, okay, it's your core values, your cultural values. That is true. You know, I think the missing, you know, missing piece there is often aligning it to the actual actions that drive those values. So, like, give you examples. So it really on, one of our core values is speed and everything. Like, to me, my sort of viewpoint is of all the things that you can do, like, at least for us, like, our best competitive advantage is speed. Like, the most defensible thing that you can do is to be faster than everybody else. And so that's so we embody that. Like, our like, we take it as pride when our customers tell us, like, You guys are so fast. Like, like, I can't believe how quickly we release things or provide support or whatever it might be, you know, but we embody that in an actual in sort of questions that are part of those values. So so we teach employees to think about that, and for example, by asking the question of, like, why not today, right? So like, how do we make sure that the core value of speed and everything isn't just this nice sort of phrase, it's by having these very clear questions of like, well, why not today? Or we have AI in our stuff, right? And you'll see like, in it, within our products, you know, if you ever use it, you'll see that, like, there's, you know, it's very fast and easy to use. Because in a similar mentality, we have a question of, like, why not predict, right? So we literally predict whatever we can. And I just show that as like, early on at one of my prior companies, you know, we had these great core values, and upfront it was like, we had a little bit of misalignment, and we realized it was because, like, Okay, well, we have this great North Star, but it's like, not necessarily clear how people embody that every day. You know, behaviors are a big one. So when you think about culture in my mind, like, culture is this nice, like, esoteric. Like, you know, like, marketing, Word and reality culture is all about behavior. So, like, a great culture comes from, you know, everybody in the company acting, frankly, like, how you want them to act right. Like, you know, showing sort of the right behaviors. And also, when those are mismatch, right is also when you get a lot of, like, friction, you know, the employee sort of turn rates are higher. So, like, I had, I made a hiring mistake, you know, to Chris's question that was terrible, but made a hiring mistake and ended up being this bad cultural fit. And they'd say the right things all the time. So they'd be like, so, you know, my last company, you know, they like innovation was a big sort of part of what, you know, of our motivation there, this person would always be like, Oh, we're innovative. What's the next innovative thing? And like, they'd say all the right stuff. And then what would happen is, you know, with their senior team. Anytime you know that team was in a room and somebody like, made a mistake, or that sort of thing, they just got hammered on. And like, the most opposite thing to innovation is, like punishing mistakes, right? Because like innovation is fundamentally risk, whereas, whereas, like predictability is fundamentally not not risk, right? It's not variance. So like, the result, right, was, like, innovation really was declining quickly in a particular area of the company, and it's because there is a fundamental mismatch, right, like, the behavior that was being incentivized or rewarded, like was not aligned with the core value. You know, rituals are another or another core thing. So you can think about as, like, do you have, like, quarterly meetings or annual, sort of all company, you know, company all hands, or weekly meetings, things like that, and then, like artifacts. So one of my favorites has always been what we call the kick ass award. So we had this, like a donkey that, like, you know, a donkey, like, with its feet in the air. It was like a bobble head butt effectively. And we call it the get, you know, the get stuff done award. And it was, again, employee sort of nominated. And it just a way to, like, have this artifact that people would share and it would circulate every month to kind of show and align to these sorts of values. So that's, that's sort of like, I guess, just again, that's a little, you know, some context of, like, when I think about culture, when, you know, when, hopefully, when you guys think about culture, like, those are kind of the core areas of like, how do you be intentional? How do you craft something like culture that's really good, you know, those are sort of the areas that are a focus. So I like to set that as an expectation, just because like culture sets the standard for all employees. Frankly, I think it's a big secret weapon, because it just, it creates the vibe, it creates the direction that the company's going. But it's one of those things too, that, like, I mean, a lot of people don't spend time cultivating it and like, that doesn't mean it doesn't happen. It just means it doesn't happen. How you want question questions on the culture stuff, I know I kind of, I moved through that quick mostly just from like, a context or definition standpoint, any questions on culture. So scale, and then Chris, I promises, I'm backing in here. We're going to get to that. Yeah, so scale, you know, as I mentioned, like

Speaker  120069:20
Nathan, while you get into this love, also the context of, like, building culture four or five years ago, when you're in office, compared to like now, how we're all just like internet drones and have never met our co workers in her life.

Speaker  123194:40
Yes, my sort of, my maybe unpopular take on that often. So one of the things that often comes up to is like, Oh, well, like, Should my company be fully remote? Should I not be fully remote? And like, honestly, like, the like, to me, the biggest part of that is like, it's whatever the founders are comfortable with. Like, I've seen founders, like, try to start a fully remote company when they're clearly not comfortable being fully remote and like, and it just doesn't go well, right? Because, like, if you're not fundamentally comfortable with, like, with sort of that work setting, then, like, it all starts there. So like, honestly, either one can work, you know, my prior company, Encino, for instance, you know, during covid, we went fully remote. It took us time to get into sort of a normal operating procedure there. But because most of the executive team, you knocking out myself, not being included in sort of like most executive team was not comfortable with fully remote work. I happen to be my current company is, but because of that, as soon as we could go back into office, like that, mandate hit and like you can almost feel this like sigh of relief through, like most of the company there. But what I'd say, what I found, is that like remote, like, being fully remote works, but also it still requires human connection, though. So like, there's a big tech company named Atlassian that that actually did this study that basically showed that it's like, on at like, if you're I can go and actually find it, but I believe it was like, like, every six months, like that, like a team needs to get together physically, in person, because, like, we're still people, we still need human connection and like, and I guess I think about it as, like, a bank, right? So like, when we're all together, when we're doing things together, like, there's like, a bonding, there's like, There's comfort that gets built, there's a trust that gets built. And you're like, depositing relationship chips, so to speak, and into the bank, and then you're basically drawing on that, you know, continuously as you're remote. And like, we've tried, you know, I've tried everything from like, we've had like, you know, comedians do things virtually. We've had like, game shows. We've had trivia, we've done game we've done, like, about everything that you could try to, like, remotely build sort of culture. We've done, and it works to varying degrees, but I'd say like, all those things like, you know, fail in comparison to something as simple as getting the entire group of whatever the people are together for, like, dinner, for example, in person. So it doesn't mean that, like, you can't do it, but I just say, like, the best culture tends to be one where it's like, at least every six months, you know the you know, the group of people that are working together get together in person. They cultivate that more, and they kind of separate. Again, I'd say anything longer than that, honestly, like, you can just tell, like, the default sense of like, Oh, we're on the same team and we're trying to accomplish the same thing just begins to erode, not because people are bad, but because, like, you begin to lose some of that human connection. So scale wise, we all want to scale. I'd say the biggest misnomer to me is people often attribute scale and success to size. In other words, oh, you know, like, 1600 employees, which is a vanity metric in reality, or, like, a certain amount of revenue, or, you know, what have you, and especially like from an investor standpoint, right? The pressure is on, like, Well, you got to scale, and, you know, and so on and so forth, and, and I'd say, like scale, when you when the focus is on like, size, I think is actually wrong, especially how, like, how, how you want to achieve it, but also like how people actually think about it when they think about scale. So to me, like I would sort of RE, you know, re shift, you know, the perspective of scale really to be like scales, about consistently, like an ability to consistently, you know, generate the desired outcome. So a simple example, right? So if you've got, if you're the marketing person, you have a marketing person, if you can consistently send 1000 unique shoppers to your store for a certain CAC, you know, every month, and some number of them convert, right? Then, like, you have a scale, right? It might be a smaller scale, but you have scale, you know, and like and what. And the reason I like to define that, you know, define it that way think about culture, is the challenge, right? Is then, okay, how do you go from 1000 shopper scale to a 10,000 shopper scale, right? Because it's one of those things too. If you peak one month, and you drive 10,001 month, and it's back down to 1000 or 2000 the next month, you have an achieved scale, right? You had a pop. But there's no scale because it's not predictable. So like, one of the biggest things when it comes to scale that I've found over time, and in honest, was an unlock for me, because, like, I had a ton of pressure, like tripling the size of organizations and things like that of last 15 years, like, I finally realized, like, oh, like, when we're talking about scale and how we get there is not by trying to, like, generate these different pops, it's by, it's by consistency, right? It's a focus on predictability overall, such as one of those things, of like, when it comes to scale, and we think about killer culture and scale, scale is really all about predictability, you know? And the challenge ends up being of like, how do you keep the soul of the company while getting to predictability? I mean, honestly, it really ends up being this trick of, like, okay, like, how do you, how do you optimize, right, for predictability without crushing the souls of everybody in the company? Because that's where people start to get into like, oh, like, it's a cog and things like that, right? Because, like, machines are very predictable. But like, like, Microsoft is a very predictable company. It's like people, there are also cogs right in the machine. Nothing against Microsoft. There are examples that are better, but such a sort of a, like, a simple aside, you know, on the scale, like one, maybe even example there from, like, a management standpoint. So, like, I had a manager at one of my past companies, and he was a newer manager, like, you know, I'd worked with him for a while, and we needed to grow the team from three people to 20 in a year. And so I spent time with him, you know, he, you know, we had about, we had three, he made the next three hires. Those hires were great culturally, you know. So I was like, Okay, awesome. So like, I didn't disengage fully, but like, I backed up a little bit, you know, and, like, and let him kind of go through the hiring process. So he brought on eight more people, which was great. So like, we were on track for sort of hitting the 20. Hitting the 20 number, you know. And there was specific, there's a reason, even, you know, for that number, but so we hired eight more people, and within three months, you know, I started to see churn in that organization. And I was like, That's strange. I'm like, I wouldn't expect people to start to churn. Like, previously, it's like, we'd maybe lose, like, we maybe churn out, you know, one person, like, every two years or so. So it's like, a very sticky, you know, department. So, like, I started to drill in, and what I found, right? Was that, like, was that hiring manager was good from a scaling standpoint, they could predictably manage the team, build a team of good people to about six, you know, and then once they went past six, like, it started to fall apart, right? So, like, that scale, like they could scale to six, the predictability was there, but beyond that, it wasn't there. I mean, and some of that was, like, they couldn't hide for some reason, like, hiring more, you know, hiring consistently culturally fit people didn't really work, you know, stuff like that. So actually, I had to go back through and, like, basically retool the organization, because we had hired eight people that were not good cultural fits. So that's just kind of a management oriented, if you will, versus, like, a marketing oriented example of the importance of predictability and scale and that sort of stuff. So I guess before I then shift into kind of some of these points, you know, to your question before Chris,

Speaker  226448:00
quick question, how do you like? I'm a big fan of of predictability because it, I feel like it cures anxiety a little bit when you like, you know, have a floor or something to expect, I feel like it's also anxiety inducing if you are under that floor or you're under expectations. But at what point do you know you have predictability within your business? Because at different stages, you know, like my first two years versus my last year versus this year, what I expect is growing. I'm expecting more. I, you know, the the truth is, and you know, we're all, we're all a tight knit community here the tooth. The truth is, I can hack it. I can I can raise my I can do things to change the reality of my business. You. So how do I know I have true predictability within my my organization?

Speaker  241504:00
Yeah, I mean, that's a great question. I think there's a few things that go with it. I mean, when I think predictability, I think, like, suspect to me, sustainability is a part of that, you know. So to your point, like, you know, you can hack something. So it's like, take the, you know, the 1000 to 10,000 you know, customer you know, customer visitors, example, right? We're calling even 100,000 Right? Like, you can pay more money, and, you know, and consistently drive more people, sure, but like, if your tax bad, if your payback is bad, if your margins are terrible, like, like, there's a point right, where, like, that's not actually sustainable, like, you're killing the business because, like, you know, there isn't enough. Like, the engine sort of isn't fully in place for that level of scale, right? So, like, to your point, you know, predictability happens at different levels. So like, one of the things that you know that often, I mean, to help out, you know, help different organizations out with, is, like, is even the idea of, you know, like the kinds of organizational structure and rituals and things like that that a five person organization has is different than 10, and like, the next marker ends up being, like, 25 and then 50 and so on. So like, there's just, like, there's changes that need to happen to make sure that that predictability is sustainable overall, if that makes sense. So like, to your point, like, for myself, I mean, like, I can kill myself for like, you know, for like, a year in terms of grind it out, you know, that sort of stuff. But like, that's not, like, ultimately sustainable, right? There's a point where, like, I'm going to get crushed, like I'm going to burn out, or that sort of thing, I think, unless the systems come underneath, unless, sort of in the systems help create predictability, I think, you know, make, if you see the sustainable aspects of it, that tends to be, in my experience, anyway, what's sort of the biggest example of like, okay, like, this isn't predictability in terms of, in terms of, like, we ran one experiment and it was a success, but it's like, Okay, like, we know that we can actually sustain this so we could run five more and continue to get the business outcome overall that we desire in a consistent way. Does that? Does that help answer your question? Yeah, and like, and honestly, like, in a non scientific way. I mean, especially, like, you know, we're all founders here, some of it is also like, you can sense it, right? Like, not, not to be like, super esoteric, but there's an aspect right, where it's like, you can feel the momentum. You can see, you know, you can see things growing. You can see the last three months, you know, your numbers were, you know, were, you know, double or triple what they were and like that. Like, to me, those become early signs of that same sort of predictability. And then the question becomes like, Okay, if you've seen that for three months, like, how do you, like, you know, how do you understand what's causing it so you can continue to replicate it, right? And then, how do you do that in a way to where you're not killing people in the process, and, you know, sucking the soul out of the company. Simple example, from our business, we saw 850% growth month over month from last month. Like that is not sustainable. Like that is not predictable. Now, there's elements of it that I know we can repeat, but like, as we report out to, you know, investors and things like that, like, I set the expectation up front of, like, hey, like, we had a killer month last month. However, you know, don't continue to expect 850% growth month over month for the next six months. Like, this is more of an anomaly. We're in the pro. We're still tuning the engine. So, like, you know, the predictable and sustainable aspect of that, you know, is going to come down, because it's really just a pop.

Speaker  288671:59
It's like, as you're scaling up, there's kind of this balance between, like, focus and being able to diversify and not have all your eggs in one basket, so to speak. And in terms of, like, acquisition, how do you balance that? Because I'm sure there's like, a trade off. When do you decide, okay, now is the time to diversify a little bit in terms of acquisition, or really, any channel of focus.

Speaker  295125:20
How do you think about that? You're talking customer acquisition specifically, yeah, for this specific answer, yeah. I'd say, in my experience, and

Speaker  296949:20
I'll be transparent here, of like, this is, this is what I've seen work from, like, a from growing, you know, software companies, not necessarily a DTC side. I've got a number, I've got a lot of friends in the DTC space, and they've echoed sort of similar, but so I'd say, depending on scale, right? Like, what I usually find is, like, up front, you know, usually there's two, you know, if you can get two channels working right, or when you see that there's sort of two channels that you've got predictability around, like, that's sort of the starting point, right? So even for us, right, we're like, okay, like, what sort of one channel first that we know is working. We know we can acquire customers from we know we can do it in either a profitable way, or we know that, like, you know that we are acquiring them, and we can get profitable there when we when we need to. So, like, I think about it first is like, What channel is working? And then really is, like, a doubling down, right? So it's like, okay, if you're gonna go to another channel, like, if you haven't chapped, if you haven't tapped your first channel already. Like, in other words, let's say you're at 10% of, you know, of capacity there, over opportunity there. Well, like, you could run the risk of adding on a second channel, and that's gonna, and you figure there's gonna be a lot of time investment. There's creative investment. There's even just duration of, like, okay, like, how long is it gonna take us to get to predictability right into, you know, like, we're talking about in that other channel, versus depending, and this is, like, depending on your business goals, right? Versus going and saying, We know Channel A is working. Like, maybe, you know, like meta is working. So, like, if you can double down on meta, and that's going to 2x your revenue in a profitable way, like, you know, there's an aspect of freedom that begins to give you the business too. So the trade off that I often look at, and had success looking at. Is kind of that balance of, like, how much of an existing channel have we tapped? Like, what are sort of the drivers who move to a new channel, and how long do we think it's going to take us to experiment in that new channel to get to a similar level of traction? And like, what's sort of the runway we can afford to do that? So hopefully that helps. I don't know if anybody else has has comments on that,

Speaker  324800:00
either. Do you have my brain is weird. So this might confuse the whole entire group, but I'm like, only able to think of things if they're disc like, if they're put in front of me, like, like, if I was, like, three years old, so, like, Is there, like, a like, tent, like, what is a structure that you use to, like, evaluate, you know, because a lot of this is, I mean, this is my opinion, but like, I've, I've done this a million times, but I I've never had any formality to it, like, I've got no, there's no spreadsheet I can share with everybody to be like, hey, like, when the spreadsheet, when column C turns from red to green, that's when, you know, to like, Go after a different channel, right? It's always been on gut momentum. You know, where I feel the business is at, resources, what we have, like, what do we have at our disposal? How the team feels, where the market is at, like, it's always been like intuition. But I guess the question is, there things that either a are clear markers of, like, Hey, okay, if you, if this is happening in your business, this might be time to think about it. Or B, is there some sort of formula you're using?

Speaker  343349:20
Yeah, I mean, so I'm very systematic in nature, I think in terms of maybe a similar way. So this sort of markers that I've that have been true for me over time, has been, I'd say, honest, like, revenue has been one of the biggest ones. So, like, there's momentum and things like that. Like, honestly, like, what I tend to look at is a few things. So in again, this is all sort of start on the software side, if you will, because that's like, where my brain actually starts, and then flip it, you know, more into into the, like, the E commerce side or the retail side. So, you know, from a from a software standpoint, really, there's like, three things that are a really strong indication. So like, pipeline is one, right? In other words, like, you know, how many potential people can we fill the pipeline with that are likely interested in purchasing the product, right? So like, if we're, if we can consistently fill that funnel, you know, then that's sort of like the first marker, right? And the second piece is, like, conversion, right? So like, if we can close these deals from a software standpoint, if you can convert new sales, you know, from a retail standpoint, that's sort of the second market, right? So it's like, if we can consistently fill the pipe, and, like, because that pipes constantly getting drained as well, right? So it's like, if we can consistently, you know, fill that pipe, and as that pipe gets drained, we can also convert a good number of folks from that pipe. Then, like, those are sort of the two, you know, those are kind of the two markers, and the last one is in revenue, right? So it's like, through that funnel overall, if across this funnel, we know that we can consistently fill the, you know, fill the pipe at a certain rate, convert it in a certain rate, and generate a certain amount of revenue and like, and that's kind of, and we've got sort of the numbers around that. That's sort of the first set of markers, if you will, that I look at and going, okay, like, like, there's a level of traction here. And then, honestly, from there, I'd say, You know what, like, once that sort of, that process, if you will, hit somewhere between a million to 3 million in revenue, like at that point, that channel is proven. And I'd say for us too, we, we associate a total addressable market to every channel. So we'll say, cool, you know, like channel a, you know, we believe there's a total sort of market opportunity people can reach there of x, so, you know. And it might cost us, right? You might cost us, right? It might cost you a lot to get to that point, you know. But like, if we can hit 3 million, we know that we've proven the channel, there's a clear enough scale there to where we can go and say, Okay, maybe it's costing, you know, maybe it's costing us a million to generate, you know, five or something like that. But like, I know, though, that guy can then crank in another million and take us to 10, right? Or I can crank in another, you know, another million and take us to 15. So, like, the channel is proven at that point. And at least for me, assuming that my business objective, right is to scale as fast as I can, that million to three marker is basically, like, that's, that's sort of my first indicator, and it's that, it's at that point that I'll go, Okay, we'll start to, we'll begin to test, sort of the validity of our serviceable market in this channel, by continuing to invest in Channel A and then beginning to experiment with channel, you know, B. And I'd say we try not to layer on too many at once, just when we're smaller. But that's sort of how we that's at least how I think about systematically running through it, right? So it's like, okay, like at a million, we've got, you know, million and a half, we've got channel, you know, Clear Channel match. Now let's start to do this experimentation. As we ramp up Channel A, we can begin to experiment in channel B, see how, kind of long that takes, and so on. And so on, and that's sort of how we systematically move through it. Yeah,

Speaker  390293:20
no, that makes sense. It's, yeah, like, I mean, it's, it's clear that there is a process towards it, but yeah, I guess there is a layer of intuition, and also, like, business sense of, like, okay, when to step on the gas, yeah. I also think, like, just, in my opinion, is there's also, like, a layer of, like, goals, right? Like, maybe you're at like, a really comfortable spot. There's predictability. Things feel good, life is good. Don't need to bet the whole farm. Or maybe you're like, No, we need a two Xs business. I didn't come here just to make a couple bucks. I need to take this to the next level. So I'm gonna push forward. I'm gonna risk I'm gonna. Reinvest the profits. So there's a layer of like, also like business goals involved into it as well.

Speaker  401360:00
Absolutely, absolutely. Tim got a question

Speaker  402352:00
for this. Thank you for this. A question for you. I know, obviously this is centered around scaling and things like that. But what are your sort of, your parameters for deciding if it's time to let someone go, and if you do decide it's time to let someone go, like, what is that process leading up to that? Like, the best practices to do it amicably and, well, I the second, the last part of it is, you hear Steve Jobs talk a lot about, like, having a team of only a players and stuff like that. And it sounds good. It sounds like what you want to do, but is, is that always realistic? Do you want to be very sort of high standards for that, or is that not super realistic? So yeah. What's your thought process in terms of letting people go versus not?

Speaker  413866:40
Yeah, so I'd say I'm probably really controversial in this compared to most people. I completely agree with Steve Jobs. That's probably not controversial, but I think the biggest mistakes that I've made has been, and frankly, the things that have almost sunk companies that I've been a part of has been, has been hiring mistakes more than anything else, more than like, Oh, I didn't pick the right channel at the right time, or, I mean, like, like, all those things are sort of like cash flow mistakes, if you will. Like capital mistakes. But like, the things that have almost sunk companies that I've been a part of has 100% been hiring mistakes that I've made. So again, and I say that, so, like, that's sort of, I'd say one premise, you know, the reason, the reason I say that too, is I manage people out. That's the HR word. Like, I manage people out really fast. And so, like, honestly, if somebody is not working, what I've found is that if you create a great culture, then, like, what happens is you get this, like, Islander mentality, for lack of better words, you know, it's like, survivor, right? So it's like, what will happen is, you know, if you've created a great culture, the team around you will generally start to, like, give you nice indications. Well, they'll be like, you know, like, I don't, I don't know if Nathan's working out, like, you know, just kind of start to say some of these things, you know, that even become these early hints where you're like, Huh? Like, maybe I should look at that and like, I mean, I'll be honest 95% of the time, like, you know, when the islanders, so to speak, you know, have begun that voting process, like they're right in that so, like, I almost immediately start, like, the mental like, okay, like, I need to sit down with this person, and then, like, the managing out process is really okay. Like, is it my mistake or theirs? Right? In other words, like, Did I make a hiring mistake? Like, they're not the cultural fit, or, you know, or like, they don't have the right attitude and aptitude to skill up, or what have you, you know, or like, or I haven't equipped them right? So, like, sometimes it's just an onboarding mistake, right? Of like, like, a lot of times early on, it's hard to not just like, drop people in, but to give them a really nice onboarding and like, and if we're not giving them good onboarding, sometimes it can take, you know, four to six months for somebody to really get productive, right? I'd say, like, my most effective onboarding, I got people contributing in two weeks. My least effective, it's like, four months. So, like, I try to be a true evaluator myself first. But if I'm going through it and I'm like, I don't know, like, they've been equipped, this is what the team's saying. Like, they should probably be up to speed, like they're well below where I'd expect them to be, even if they're not fully equipped, then, like, I just have the conversation. Just have the conversation. I said a 30 day plan, and I just say, look like to me, like bad news doesn't get better with time. Like, I find directness, especially in that situation, is like, like, the conversation is harder in a way, but usually people that are not performing don't get it right. So it's like, I'm just super directed. Like, hey, look, you're missing expectation. Like, in the next 30 days, this is what I expect to see. Otherwise maybe like, this is probably isn't the right fit for you. And like, and every week we meet, and usually like, by week, by end of week one, you can kind of see, like, okay, like, it's clear, like, clearly it's not going to get better. And then I just start setting the expectation of like, hey, look like these things aren't improving. Like, they need to improve. Like, or you need to start looking for something different. I'm aggressive, and I'd say, I don't sit on anybody that I think is not going to work out more than three months max, and that's in a bigger organization, more than three months max before. I just, I mean, like before, I shouldn't say a jackets like before. I help them find the place where they're really going to fit well, just because, man, I've seen, I have personally made the mistake of, you know, like, you like somebody the like, I think about as like, you got like a lovable fool, right? They're really nice. You go drink beers with them. Like, they're great, but like, they just suck from like a product, from like an output standpoint, or things like that. And I've sat on them for too long, and you can just see the morale of the organization tank over time, and you know, and honestly, on the flip side too, you know you made the right call when, like, you know, you make the cut. And, like, overall, everybody's like, Oh. And at times you're like, Why? Why didn't you say something sooner? Like, what the heck, hopefully did that? Does that get your question?

Speaker  471989:19
Tim, absolutely, yeah. Thanks a ton on that note. Quick question, what would you suggest when you're hiring over everybody, like you're bringing in someone senior? What would you suggest, like, how to make sure everyone feels, you know, most, most people probably feel like, Oh, why wasn't I chosen? Or I was not given to me?

Speaker  476554:40
Yeah, so, so one I'd say, if you're hiring over everybody, that's that's a great thing, honestly. And the reason I say that is that I think a common mistake. And Chris, I think this goes to your question. So one of the mistakes I've made a number of times. Until I finally sort of learned the lesson. Was hiring ahead of where I'm at, right? Not. So when it comes to scale, we've been talking organization. So like, scale really is by department, right? So like, the scale and effectiveness and predictability of, say, marketing is going to be different than that of product and different than that of another area. So like, it really needs to be evaluated individually. So like, a mistake that I've often made is looking for this unicorn person where I'm like, Oh, well, like, I'm gonna go find, like, a CMO, right? That's been a CMO of whatever brand that I aspire to, and so, but like, you can end like, and I think that they can kind of get down into the weeds and like, I mean, you all know it's like, the CMO of Nike, right? Is going to be terrible being the CMO of Osher or something else. Because, like, the layers, the scale and everything else in between is just different. The challenge that comes with that. And what I'd say, why I say it's great, if you're having that situation, I'd say it's actually great is because a mistake that I made often is, like, I hire ahead of where the actual scale is at, and I end up bringing in somebody that, like, they're not ready for they think they're ready for an organization that's further along than it really is. And like, the better thing is, frankly, to be in a situation where you go, this person matches for either where I'm at or, like, call it a year ahead of where I want to be. So I'm going to plug them in, and they may not make it, you know, they may not be the right person, you know, two or three years from now, because they may not scale fast enough, but they're right for now, and they get us to the next point, which is the most important thing. So to, you know, to your question, when it comes to bringing in somebody ahead or above others, I mean, one, hopefully at that point, like, you know, you're having, you know, at least monthly sort of one on ones with everybody anyway. So like, I tend to, I'm not a fan of quarterly performance reviews. I think they're, they're ineffective, you know, for most, you know, for most folks overall, especially like a millennial, you know, in Z generation. So like, versus, like, a monthly one on one, where it's, like, you're just open and honest, like, here's where you're at, here's what's working, here's what's not working, here's what needs to be improved. So first I'd So first I'd say, like, if you're doing that, then it shouldn't be, like, there should be no surprise. Like, the biggest mistake that I see people make is like they're being too gentle with people's feelings. I'm not saying that it's like an un empathetic person. I say that more as in business, like, the more direct, honestly that you can be with your employees. It tends to be better. But like if they're not surprised, like they may not be happy when it happens, but at least if they're not surprised, like the rest content, you know, tends to be managed pretty well. You know, if there's one person who's been gunning for it, and you've been working with that person, they're just not there again, ideally, like, That conversation has been had numerous times, you know, so, like, so when it happens, they're not surprised. And I would just say, you know, there's, there's time, I've had to do that numerous times, honestly, like, 50% of the time the person leaves, and that's okay, like, it's, I think over time, I've gotten comfortable with it where it's like, I'd love to keep them, they're a great person. I know I can help them get to that point. And usually what I try to do, and you know, intends to help, is like, Okay, you wanted the job. You're not the right person for the job yet, right? Here's the right person that we're going to bring in. The great news is now you have an you're now you're going to see a living example that's going to have direct time with you, and you can see what they do. So that way, next time you are ready for that job, or when that kind of opportunity opens up in a different department, you're ready for that job, right? So it's like, don't jump just because you didn't get it. That's short sighted, right? Stay so you can get the experience that you didn't have. So you can do it next time and like that again, that works, but it's like, it's 5050, right? Because, like, pride gets hurt. People's feelings get hurt, you know, and you know, I'd say there's only so much you can do there. Does that help enough? Does that get you kind of your your

Speaker  530272:00
question, yeah, thank you. Appreciate it. I have a question. How do you handle like, relationships with third party vendors and things like agencies? Or can do you treat those kind of the same as employees? Or are they different? Like, if a third party messes up, do you just advertise and find someone to replace them? Or how do you do that?

Speaker  535045:20
That's a hard one. I mean, I personally tend toward like, I try to think about any like, any agency or that sort of thing that we're working with as a partner more than a vendor. When it comes to like, a mess up, I think it depends on like, how egregious it is and like, and how it was handled. You know? So, like, if somebody, if so, if I'm partnering with somebody and they mess up, and I give them the feedback, and all I get are excuses and things like that. And then it's like, to me, I guess I think about it, it's like, culture, right? It's like, are they, if they were an employee, is this? Is this how I would want an employee to respond, right? If they were part of, like, there, is there technically? I mean, like, they're contributing to the organization, both from a cultural and a business standpoint. So like, if there's misalignment there and like that, interaction isn't great, you know. I mean, at least again, I would be direct, not just somewhere, to an employee, and just be like, hey, look like, you know this, like, this is not, you know, it depends. I mean, that's a little broad. So it's like, if they miss expectation, you know, or things like that, then I think there's an element of like, Hey, you said you'd get this. You get, you know, you said you get a you got a minus two. Like, what's the deal? Help me understand that? And, like, if they can't explain it, then I think there's, there's aspects of, like, Okay, well, like, if you can't even explain it, then it's clear you don't know how to actually get there. So, like, maybe this isn't the right fit, or, you know, that sort of thing. No. But again, I'd say I view, I personally, you know, like to view, like, those sorts of relationships, more like partnerships versus like a hired gun that I go, Hey, you suck. Cut it off. Move on. And that's just sort of me, but, man, be curious. I mean, like, obviously, there's a lot of you guys that I'm sure work with agencies. I don't know what you know, what you guys, what others think?

Speaker  557930:39
Yeah, I work. I I'm still kind of been kind of this tweener phase company size myself. So I do a lot of work with agencies. And. By, for me, my personal relationship with them is very like, pretty much pseudo employee sort of thing at, I mean,

Speaker  561743:59
at our size, which is significantly less than my last company, you know, I'd say, I mean, I honestly treat them very much the same, like the scale and the money is different. So it's like three people instead of, say, 50, as far as interaction goes. But I'd still say it's, you know, Tim, to your point, it's still very much like they're a partner. They're a partner.

Speaker  566277:19
Cool. Who else has got some questions? Don't be shy.

Speaker  567333:20
Yeah, no, I was saying I was on mute before, but what I was saying was, building a cannabis brand. We're growing. We pretty much doubled for the past two years, and looking for doubles every year we've because our our brands are built, the access to Consultants is not very clear in our industry, because of lack of experience and lack of, you know, there's a lot of regulatory compliance, and the experience, per se, whoever, whoever has worked on a cannabis company or brand before, from an agency perspective, has pretty much failed. So I've been, you know, I've been trying to build my marketing team. I'm the CFO of the company, but I've been managing the marketing team as well and building the marketing team. Because the products that we are built are built from passion and things that us as cannabis smokers and the team and the culture that we have here are building our own products. So we're implementing the same concept with marketing, where we're doing our own marketing, but we're not experts in marketing, right? Or are we taking advantage of all the right channels and and all that stuff. So that's, that's, that's where our challenge is. Here is trying to, we can't go out to an industry expert for cannabis, but then we have to find right skill set, either internally or externally to help grow the team, with the objective of growing the team internally, right? So my objective is trying to find a consultant that can help us build the process, or build the set it up for my employees to take that knowledge from and then with the goal of them eventually taking that away and building and continue internalizing the team. For me, Consultants is really looking for, how can they elevate your team? And not just, you know, when you're in the beginning, you can use them to get by, but I think if you're building a sustainable brand and something that you want to see in the future, you need to build those competencies internally and finding that right consultant that understands that and allows you to take leverage their skill sets and competencies to your team. That's that's the challenge that I have, is finding that right person that can work with

Speaker  598949:19
us. That's a great outline and a great, great point. Oh,

Speaker  599573:20
sorry if you're still working on this point, you hold off on the Ibo. But sort of a new question, but so I don't want to turn this one off too quickly. I'm good. Okay, my question for you, Nathan also was on the hiring side. What sort of process do you take slash recommend, in terms of, I mean, are you going straight up, sort of the indeed listing route. Are you working with headhunters? Do you have an in house recruiting person? Is there a particular hiring process you recommend?

Speaker  606954:39
Yeah. I mean, so a lot of it depends on scale. I can tell you what's worked for me. So, so, like, so scale and hiring velocity are a big thing, right? So, like, if you're hiring, you know, call it a couple people a year, then then, like, like, using a recruiter is probably, you know, I'd say, while annoying at times, is, you know, it's probably going to be pretty effective, especially if you've kind of exhausted, like, your personal network, you know. So, like, to me, like, the factors are, like, okay, so, for example, like, it's in my last company. I mean, like, over the course of two years, I took a department from like one to like 150 people. So like, at that sort of pace and scale. I mean, there's a point where, in year two, the company overall, in the first six months, we had hired 100 people, we had hired 50 people, and we had 50 people. So literally, half the company was new. So like, with that sort of velocity, we used a ton of recruiters externally, just because there was no there was no way that we could source ourselves. And that's where I would say hiring and keeping the best talent is, you know, like, in my view, is like, the core, like, one of the most important jobs of a manager, right? And it's like, and I think it's often underappreciated, where, like, if you like, if you need to hire somebody, and it takes you three or six months longer than, you know, then, then you wanted it to like, that's actually a drag on the business, right? Because that's potentially somebody that like could have, should have been able to take work off, should have been able to continue to elevate stuff and contribute more and like, and that means that you're having to do, you know, to spend more time doing things that aren't as accretive to the business. It's like, my view is, like, if I sort of factor out the time and say, okay, like, you know, head under is going to take 15 to 20% of the of the, you know, annual salary for the first year. Great. I mean, like, there's an aspect of it where it's, like, you know, like, what I pay? Am I going to pay that in my time and lack of growth in the business anyway? If so, like, let's bring them in. You know, that's a, you know, that's a hidden year in the first year. But, like, but at least it's not, you know, it's better than not having the person in. I tend to be a fan of using recruiters. You know, I'll use a couple different recruiters, just because you can kind of pit them against each other. Them against each other. I run them through very specific the the prospective employees through very specific hiring process to hit stuff like culture, behavior, things like that. And then there's a certain point of scale where I'd say, like, if you're if you're hiring a lot of people, you know, every year, then then you bring it in house. So, like you so like, the pattern tends to be. You know, you have your initial network, you kind of hire out of that. You know, it's cheaper, it works out, you begin adding headcount at a fair pace each year. Use a couple recruiters. And then if you're adding, I would even say I can mean 20 people every single year, then, like I would usually bring an in house recruiter in, just because, honestly, over time, it ends up being cheaper, and you get better quality candidates and more aligned with cultural values. They do a better job prospecting and vetting and so on. Did I hit all your, all your sort of points there? Yes, totally, yeah. Thank you. So, like, one other thing that I would maybe cover quickly, and this kind of goes to, you know, to Chris's question too, is, you know, on the hiring side in particular, I tend to think of it as like, quadrants. So, like, so again, like, the biggest mistakes that I've made that have cost the business, sometimes in failure or in slowing growth, has been the wrong hire, honestly, like, I think of it as this quadrant. It's like the top right quadrant. I forget which side is the bad side and the good side. But like one of the quadrants, we'll just call that. One of the quadrants is like, what I call the competent jerk. And the biggest trap that I like that I've fallen into, and I see, you know, other founders and stuff like that, and companies that I advise and help sort of avoid the trapping of, is like, you hire somebody that seems like they're very highly skilled in something, you know, when somebody's, like, an expert in something or highly skilled in a particular area, it's really risky that, like they're that they are what I would call a competent jerk, right? In other words, they know the material really well, but like, they're kind of a jerk. And like, you probably like, if you don't want to go get beer with them, like, I know it sounds kind of corny, but it's like, if you, if you feel like the team wouldn't like them, or you don't want to grab beer with them, or they're like, or they're kind of arrogant, that sort of thing. It ended up being, like, bad culturally. And like, they may perform at a particular level, but ultimately, like, that Islander mentality again, like they'll get kicked out not because they don't produce, but because nobody likes them. And like, honestly, like, that's as bad. I know it sounds soft, but like, in my experience, it's just as bad. So there's like, the competent jerk side, there's a lovable fool side, and really, right, like, you want, sort of, like, the attitude and the aptitude, you know, and some of the skill mix. So, like, to me, I think about it as if you have to go really quick, then you need people with more experience, and those are just harder hires, because they come with a lot more background than everything else, which is good, but like, you know, you really have to test that sort of blending and cultural match if you have a little more time then, then often, like, bringing in somebody that maybe doesn't have as much skill, but has great attitude and great aptitude, and you can kind of take the time to skill up, you know, perform awesome. And frankly, over time, I'd say I've almost always had somebody that I bring in that, you know, that isn't sort of like the expert, or has the higher skill level outperform people that have been brought in for skill, you know, on the long term. But that's just one of those things, of like, I avoid competent jerks. Like, I like to, I say to my team, competent jerks are great for Jeopardy. They're bad for business. So like, let's keep people that are, you know, that are Jeopardy, you know, oriented, if you will, you know, away from the company. And like, if not, you can like Jeopardy, obviously. But it's like, keep that saying that kind of person away from the company. Let's hire people that you know will perform, that are at the right cultural fit. And if we need to train them up, and we have the time, then let's do that. But that, that's just one thing I'd add, of like, and that kind of goes to Chris's question of like, you know, bringing, I mean, I brought in a CFO before that, you know, that was not that was ended up being in that category, and I missed it. And, you know, we managed out pretty quickly. But it's just you have to watch it really closely. In my experience, it's like, you need to watch, if you're hiring somebody like that paying attention to it very, very closely, because usually in the first three to six months, you're going to see, Oh, whoops, yeah, they're skilled, but like, this isn't going to be a

Speaker  690384:00
good fit. Thank you, Nathan, for this. This was awesome. Appreciate the help. And you know, we'll post this up. So it's the recordings, if you guys want to go back to do anything also, just for the crew too. Check your keep an eye on your inboxes. We've got two more on the schedule that are coming up in the next few weeks. So we've got some, some more more good talks. So yeah, thanks again. Nathan, I appreciate

Speaker  696789:20
it again. Thank you all appreciate the time. You're welcome to hit me up on LinkedIn if you have other questions. But yeah, thanks for having me. And hopefully my mistakes are helpful for you, not having to

Speaker  699626:39
make them exactly

Speaker  700506:40
Awesome. Thanks. All you.
