1. FC Chats_ 2025 Tariff Strategies to Protect Cash Flow & Optimize Inventory
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Rock and Roll. Everyone. Thanks so much for having me. Excited to be here talk all about tariffs and tariff strategies over the next little bit. So first, I'll give a quick high level on myself. My name is Izzy Rosenzweig. Before I founded port list, I ran a brand for about 10 years, and the early days of me running that business, I would say, the first two years I ran it in what I call the traditional supply chain model. So I was buying goods in Vietnam and China. I was importing it by boat. And the name of the game for me was waiting. I was just always waiting to get my goods. Finally, when I would get my goods, usually 45 to six days later, only at that point, I would take these products and I would sell it to consumers across North America, Canada and across the US. And the business was brutal in cash flow, right? Because you have money on inventory, you're trying to make these predictions four to six months in advance, which is really hard to do, and then you're always waiting for the inventory to hit the port so you could sell get cash out of it slowly, but most of the time, the cash is sitting in inventory, usually on water, which I would argue is a pretty bad place for capitalistic but that was the name of the game. So the first two years I ran it in that model, I think our first year, we did about 80,000 of revenue. Our second year, we did about 130,000 of revenue, but always with cash stuck in inventory. Now I got very fortunate, and I met some ex Alibaba executives. One helped them go public as their head of finance. The other one ran Taobao and Tmall Global for about six and a half years, and they introduced me to this evolving, evolving space, what we call the direct supply chain model, and fundamentally what it is, instead of waiting two months to get your goods and then shipping your products across across the US or and other countries, bring it to facilities near the factory, so instead of waiting two months, usually within a couple hours to two days, we have goods inside a fulfillment center in China or in Vietnam, once we get the goods in, this is still me running this as my own brand. Once I got the goods, I was able to immediately start selling these goods and deliver it to my end customer. So I'll just give you a quick I'll share my screen quickly just to understand what a consumer would experience. So this is so this is a a USPS tracking number. This is a customer that got that. We got the order on the 19th. We shared a USPS tracking number on the 20th. This order was delivered on the 24th fully, fully local experience to the end consumer. So for me, I shifted the business direct supply chain model. And then once I did that, we went from 130,000 of revenue to 2.5 million of revenue the next year. And then we're growing 100% year over year for next close to five years. So two and a half to five, five to 1111, to 2222 to 45 million. And we did all that in the direct supply chain model. And the way we're able to do that is because we had great cash flow. Money was never stuck in inventory. And what we ended up doing is we spent 10 years building the infrastructure, operations and supply chain. So over time, we actually built, we took the infrastructure to offer it to other brands, and now, and that's how portless was born. That's already this point, close to three years ago, again, doing exactly what we're doing for 10 years prior to that. But now what I do, and we actually slow, we ramp down the consumer business, and all we do is enable other brands, either US brands, Canadian brands, European brands, to leverage this, this same type of supply chain model. So that's a high level on myself. And I'm portless, of course, happy to go deeper into it throughout the call. So the this model does tie in very important to to the whole tariff discussion. And and I'll break into it first, talking about what the current status quo is. So first, when Trump went, Trump removed the de minimis model. We were using diminish model for close to 10 years, and many people used a minimum smaller to Mexico or even out of Canada into the states, but trumped for now rip that out for any goods manufactured in China. So if your goods are manufactured in China, you no longer can use de minimis. And in the early days, the first thing he did was increase tariffs to 145% and the way Trump was able to do that so quickly is because he did it under an emergency Act, which is called by Ibo. Usually any change to taxes needs to go through Congress. But because the administration said, You know what, there's fentanyl going on, and we consider that an emergency, that we need to make an emergency act to change that. So he was able to go from zero, essentially, to 145 Cent import duties. I'm sure everyone experienced that. I'm sure everyone that was brutal for everybody. Good news is, obviously, as everyone knows, they had finally a great conversation, and they lowered that import tax from 145% to 30% for clarity, that 30% is additional tariffs, right? So it's it's actually 10% reciprocal 20% under fentanyl tariff. Then on top of that is section 301, which is goods that have HS codes under Section Three one have its own segment of tariffs, of tariffs, and then there's base tariffs. So depending where your HS code lives, my assumption will be, you know, as low as 20% sorry, as low as 30% but as high as even as 50% that's that's essentially where we are today. If you're good to manufacture in China, if you're good to manufacturing countries outside of China, let's just say Vietnam, then you have your base tariff plus 10% additional tariff, and then, yeah. So that's kind of the two playing fields, either manufacturing China slash Hong Kong, or you're manufacturing other countries around the world, and you have based on 10% now, something to keep in mind is, while de minimis is gone for goods manufactured in China, it still exists for goods manufactured essentially in any other country around the world, and it does not make a difference where you ship from. You could ship goods from Vietnam, you can ship goods from the United Kingdom, from Canada, as long as the country of origin, the place where manufactured the product is not China or Hong Kong, you can still get de minimis. So if you have a facility in Mexico, or if you have a facility in Canada, you should and could continue to use section three to one, type 86 entry, and have paid no import duties into United States. Portless, for example, has a facility in Vietnam, and we continue to leverage de minimis. So if your goods are not manufactured in China, Vietnam, I encourage you to keep using de minimis for as long as it is, as it is around, there is definitely mixed messages coming out. If it will continue to stay. I've heard directionally, it is definitely going away over the long run, it might be as early as July, maybe September. I've been hearing recently some noise that they might keep it for Vietnam. But I would say most people agree that de minimis is going around a long way. Ask a question. I could post it or clay if you want to spell the de minimis. I'm assuming everyone knows what de minimis is. If not, I'll spend a couple seconds on that. De minimis is any order shipped from outside the United States into United States that is under $800 retail value comes into United States 100% import, duty, free, no taxes. That was removed first the administration tried to move it on February 5. It was a failed release, let's call and they brought back to menace. But then they fully removed it again on May 2, but specifically for brands that manufacture in China and Hong Kong. But if you manufacture that country, absolutely you should and could continue using it for as long as it's there.

Speaker  134501:20
There is another misconception of people that leverage cross border logistics, either if you're shipping directly from Vietnam to the states in a port list, type of model, or China Vietnam to the states, the import tax is what we call on the transaction value of the goods. Now transaction value, it all depends on who is the import of record. So let's just say you're shipping goods, in our model, from China to the end consumer in the United States. The import tax is based on what the import of record. In this case, the brand is buying it from the factory. The factory is the seller. The brand is the buyer. They're the import of record. So their transaction value is based on what they paid from the factory. So there has been our, I would say, a misunderstanding that people posted on originally, when this came out of what, what's the definition of transaction value? And it really depends on two things. One, who is the import of record? And two, does the product stop anywhere else before it hits United States? And that is a very important aspect that people are missing. For example, if you have goods that you're bringing into Canada for the Canadian market, and then you want to ship directly into United States, no longer using de minimis, but using what we call informal entry, that transaction value actually cannot be on the factory FOB cost, because in order to the transaction value has to also. Be based on for export to United States. So if you're exporting it to another country, it could be Canada, UK, Australia, and then you want to ship those goods into the US, your transaction value is no longer FOB China, because it stopped over in another country for going to the US. There are models that exist of how to avoid it being a retail price. It's called a B to B to C. Model. I'm happy to kind of go into if anyone wants to learn more about that. But fundamentally, for the core of the business, where brands are shipping directly from near the factories, let's say from portless facility to then consumer it is based on the factory FOB costs if you paid, let's call it $10 for cost of goods from the factory. Your import tax is based on that $10

Speaker  174570:40
okay, so we'll talk about what we're seeing brands do from a strategic perspective we are. So first thing is tax deferment. And poor list is a huge believer in tax deferment. If you're a brand today, and let's say you're bringing in a million dollars worth of goods into United States. You're bringing by shipping container the day it hits the port. You need to write a check to the CBP, obviously, depending on your ATS code, anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000 to the CP, day one, you cannot claim your goods until you paid your import tax and and that's because all the goods are hitting the port at the same time. You haven't sold a single whatever, shirt, purse, jewelry, you haven't sold anything, doesn't make a difference. Your goods are passing the border. You must pay import tax in portless model, and there's another model using a bonded facility. You don't need to pay any import tax they want. So let's say, if you keep your goods in China, let's say in a portless facility, the products are still in country of origin. They've never left the country where it's manufactured, no taxes owed day one. Now let's say you sell your good. Let's say you're selling your T shirt. You collect 2999 for your T shirt. You're depositing that money in your bank, and then you're shipping it. We'll have that item delivered on average six days across us, right? Fully local experience the consumer, but you only need to pay the import tax on that single parcel when that single parcel crosses the border. So you don't need to pay on the millions of dollars of sitting in our warehouse that never crossed the border. You only need to pay import tax on the part on a parcel level. So if it's two shipments or 100 shipments, whatever it is, whatever it is a day, you're only paying taxes on that product as it parses, as it passes the board. So that, to us, is a huge financial advantage for any brands that leverage this model. Will your competitors have to tie up hundreds of 1000s of dollars paying a poor tax day one, you can continue using your cash for operations, marketing, grabbing market share, wherever it is, wherever you can use better use of capital. Now this model could also be used in free trade zone. So if bond, if you bring this product into a bonded facility or free trade zone in the United States, the same thesis applies. You don't get the lead time advantage, meaning you still gotta wait two months to get your goods. But if it hits that free trade zone, there is no import tax as it enters the Free Trade Zone, and as you ship your parcel out of the Free Trade Zone, that's when you're paying your import tax. So we highly encourage the brands that that we talk to look for tax deferment strategies, because all your competitors are paying it day one, while you could operate much more efficiently if you defer your taxes, you got to pay it eventually, but at that point, you've already collected it from the customer. Yeah, go ahead, Michael. Michael, Sorry, can't hear you. Your audio is really bad. Anyone else? Man,

Speaker  223290:40
how much? How about can you hear me now? Or no, perfect. So, like, I'm just trying to it sounds great, but you said it's a local experience. What is shipping look like? Shipping costs from that individual product, you know, the United States, if you know, because I import my my product from from China, and my products a little big. It's about 19 pounds. It's kind of heavy. So, I mean, is all the profit going to get eaten up by shipping, you know, the unit specifically to the

Speaker  230885:20
customer? Great question. So in the portless model, it's not a good fit for you. The port list model, we start shipping rates of $5 door to door, you know, USPS, picking rates or picking pack rates of $1 Porter. But it's good for lighter items, good for apparel, it's good for shoes, good for jewelry, good for cosmetics or accessories. Once you have a high volumetric weight or high actual weight, then I would encourage you to look at a free trade zone solution, because the best way to move a very heavy product is still by boat. You should still go after tax deferment strategy. So try to find a. Free trades on a bond facility that could inbound your goods. You don't pay a day one, but your best, your best for your product. You I would encourage you to continue using shipping containers. I may encourage you, encourage you to use mats and boats, which have a much faster delivery time, a three week on water, versus 40. You know, 45 days on water, but yeah, shipping boats is still your best move for that type of product.

Speaker  247573:20
Thank you, pleasure.

Speaker  248421:20
Another thing that so I think tax deferment, whoever does it, is having a huge financial event against the competitors, and they will take market share. Another thing we're seeing people do is, we call it tariff engineering. So there's a very famous example of Converse shoes. Converse shoes. If you look at your sole of your Converse shoe, you'll notice there's a fuzzy material that takes up over 50% of the sole of the shoe. That material gets wiped away pretty, pretty fast once you start wearing it. But they do not add it for comfort. By adding over 50% of whatever that material is, it changes it from an HS code classification from a shoe to slipper. That means their base tariff went from 34% to 6.5% and this start, and this applies to many different types of products. We saw another customer that was selling a garbage can. And naturally, the evolved or garbage can to go from a normal garbage can to a one that, like has an electric electrical components. Well, the tariff on that evolved garbage can is very different than the first garbage can they did so a one, one on one. Thing you should be doing that most people did not look at twice is your HS code classification. Did you get your HS code correct? If you misclassify your product, that could cost you a lot of money. And then the second thing you want to look at is, okay, is there anything I could tweak to my manufacturing, even from a blend of cotton, depending on your blend, how much of your product is cotton versus other materials, it will change your classification. And then, even though the cost material is higher, I would, I would most likely say it's cheaper than paying the import tax and under under cost of goods. So this is a an area that we're seeing a lot of people look into and spending time on a auditing their current HS code classification, and as well as once they have an HS classification, seeing if they could tweak anything their product, to change that classification, to make it better. There is another thing we're seeing people do, which I would say it's a bit for higher volume brands, and this is called the first sale rule. So the first sale rule was essentially built for brands that buy from trade partners. So in China, it's very common, even if you start off buying an Alibaba very in many scenarios, you're actually buying it through a trade partner. This is a middle person, either that's the introduction you got, and you just always bought it from this trade partner, or sometimes trade partners add a lot of value. They do QC inspection, they help you constantly find new factories, and they're doing many you know, custom packaging trade partners have have a value in the supply chain. Now that means the trade partner is making a profit, and the trade partner has some of its own cost to run as a trade partner. So let's just say the t shirt you're buying from the trade partner is, let's say, $10 again, I'll I'll reiterate, if that if you're buying from the factory, then it is what it is you're buying from factory. But if you're buying from a middleman, a trade partner, the true cost of the t shirt is not $10 the true cost of the t shirt might be seven, right? Because the trade partner is, let's say, making a 15% gross margin, but they have a 5% that they spend on marketing, and there's, there's different line items in the cost of goods that they don't necessarily legally need to be in the transaction value. So if you're doing enough volume with a single factory, you have to use a third party companies like KPMG do this. There are accounting firms in China that do for cheaper, but essentially, you need a third party to come in, talk to your trade partner, talk to your factory, be able to separate the line items that do not need to be taxed on, and this third party accounting firm will issue you a commercial invoice based on the let's call it the original cost of goods, not with the trade partner margin. And they could do it in a way where, where the factory doesn't get nervous that you're knowing their true cost of goods, and the trade partner, bringing a third party, is you have to do it, but also allows everyone to feel comfortable with the process. But what happens is, let's just say you're paying 50% right, 30% 10% reciprocal, 20% with fentanyl. You know, you have section 32301, and you have base that could easily be a 50% import tax. Well, what would have been if your cost of good was $10 a $5 import tax per unit, you might be able to do that 50% on $7 Uh, bring saving you $1.50 per unit. You've manufactured a million units. You just saved, you know, $1.5 million so it's a, it's a really interesting structure. Companies that are larger, absolutely, absolutely use it. Save hundreds of 1000s, if not 10s of millions of dollars, obviously, depending on on the scale of the business. That is a another big opportunity we're seeing brands do. There's another really interesting one, and this, this does tie, if you're using portless or not, it's pretty uniquely a good advantage to portless customers, and which is international expansion. Historically, everyone goes after the US market, because it's either where you live, it's obviously the one of the largest consumption markets. But if you look at the facts now, it is more difficult to do business in the States than it is in Europe or Canada or Australia. And what many American brands, very often, don't realize is there is a ton of opportunity internationally, a ton from a there's de minimis to almost every other country in the world. Us is the only one, one of the only ones that remove de minimis, which means you can ship goods directly into many countries, import tax free. In the poorest model, we ship to 55 countries. Every country has a local experience. UK, Royal Mail, Australia, Australia. Post, Canada, post. So fundamentally, by going to international markets in the least, the portless model only of one inventory hub, and you can have is my internet pausing. But can you hear me

Speaker  344789:20
a little bit pretty good.

Speaker  345573:20
We're good. Okay, yep. So in, let's say the portless model. You could, you could do marketing to 55 countries, CPM, CPCs, and conversion rates are cheaper, and conversion rate are still just as effective. Let's say UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and a lot of the Western Europe. European countries, excellent markets. Your marketing efficiency will go further because you're making more money per per order. So we've seen a really big shift in brands starting to explore going internationally. At Portland, should make it super easy. You just turn on markets and you start marketing, and we don't care where we ship it to. But in general, even for brands that don't use us, we're seeing people leverage international markets as a part of their toolbox to diversify the revenue with with taxes being where they are today. One more thing in general, we're seeing as a theme, brands are sticking to hero products. You know, if you know you're going to do on certain products, try to cut out the noise, try not to, I guess, take big bets in inventory, if you're doing the traditional supply chain model, and get stuck with that, because now excess inventory is not only lost of your cost of goods. We also paid import tax if you're doing the traditional model, and if you're shipping that from us to international markets, you paid import tax, but you're not getting that back, and you're shipping outside the country. So definitely, we're seeing people lean into hero products and and making sure they're, you know, spending money in those areas more cost effectively than their other skews.

Speaker  372464:00
So yeah, that's, that's in summer, I guess, high level. What we're seeing brands do from a tax deferment, tax strategy model, we're definitely with us. We're helping, I would say, now more than ever, many brands that were either currently shipping within the US or leveraging facilities in Mexico and Canada into the US move over to our facilities, either in China or Vietnam. You know, end to end, delivery, starting at $5 much people were housing cheaper, pick and pack, six day delivery time, fully local experience, 55 countries. And that's, I guess, how portless are helping brands in this, I guess, interesting times. Perfect.

Speaker  384320:00
All right, so kind of just want to jump into, you know, questions. I'm sure everybody's got some questions, you know, I'll just jump in with, kind of the the elephant in the room too, is, like, it's changes, and it changes every day, like, how are, how are these guys supposed to keep up with it? You know, is there a way? Is there? You know, like, I've had conversations with many people, it's like, do we just wait it out? Do we just go, you know, like, where's your head at? Where this is going to go, knowing that it could be, we could all be totally wrong, you know, a week from now? Like, how do you psychologically get ready for

Speaker  394085:20
this? It's a great, great question. I'll give you my thesis. Then I'll tell you what I see brands doing. So are these? Are these says if, let's say China specific, if the administration truly wanted to decouple from China, truly and not lose American jobs, which would be against what Trump is trying to do. Doesn't want to lose American jobs, he most likely would have taken the approach every quarter raising terrorists by. 25% over the next four years, that will give brands time to go to India, go to Vietnam, go to wherever is the most cost effective and place to manufacture and not lose American jobs and still do well. But being that Trump went really fast 144% it goes down his thesis of art of the deal, extreme leverage, then negotiate a good deal for yourself. So it seems to go down the path of extreme leverage as fat like go crazy as fast as you can, and then negotiate a good deal with China. The most recent deal or discussion they're having in China seems really good. It seems structured, what it seems like also with the deal with the United Kingdom, which is an incredible trading part of the United States and there and the United States and there. And the difference in trade isn't that much. Your base is going to be 10% nothing will be lower than additional 10% tariff is basically what it looks like on the high end, if Trump started a third percent additional tariffs on China, you would imagine with further negotiation that should go down. It might be a little bumpy as they continue to negotiate, but the way they structure the deal, it made it sound like you shouldn't see extremes anymore. They could. They have the right to do what they want, but there was a lot more structure around this negotiation. Now, regards to what brands are practically doing, is brands are they have to make decision on supply chain. Now we're doing, where do I want to manufacture my goods? Even though Vietnam is cheaper labor, the cost effective in quality is nowhere near China. For example, if you're in the apparel business and you want to manufacture a small batch of goods, to understand what a new collection could look like, you cannot buy a single fabric from a fabric mill in Vietnam, minimum wort is 400 rolls. That means, if you want less than a 400 roll production, you got to buy from China. Which means, which you could you buy a single roll from fabric rolls in China, but in Vietnam now, you got to wait 10 days to go on 10 to 14 days on boat. So all of a sudden you're losing agility. Now you have a product that has embroidery. Well, in China, there are hundreds, if not more, embroidery factories that specialize. All they do is embroidery. Well, Vietnam, it's a fraction of that, and they can't do it as fast as as ones in China. So Vietnam is good. India is good as well. It's just nowhere near the quality of China. And moving supply chain is very risky. You're you're risking quality control, you're risking capacity problems, and every one of those problems are fundamentals that could hurt your business of long run. So what we've seen is, during this, let's call it unknown period, is brands are more or less optimizing in place. They're making sure HS code is good. They're doing tax deferment strategies. They're seeing if they could do tariff engineering. They're doing those type of stuff, and they're educating themselves. So they're speaking to factories in Vietnam. They're speaking to factories in India. They're getting samples, but they're not making any big moves yet. They're getting data now, depending which direction it goes, if it ends up settling at a healthy import tax level. From what we're understanding from our brands, most will probably stay in China, with a little bit of diversification in Vietnam or India, just to making sure, if they need to move quick, they know who to talk to. They have their favorite factories. They can make a move. But quality, efficiency, capacity, China's still king. Some brands are not waiting around, and they're making a bigger pivot, more aggressively, because they believe over the long run, no matter where China lands, there'll be a little bit better in Vietnam or India or Cambodia, etc. So that's the blend we're saying. So in summary, I would say most brands optimizing in place and educating themselves.

Speaker  458757:20
Steven, hey, Izzy, could you just you talked a little bit about those tax free zones. I have a bigger, bulkier product. So, you know, shipping Street from China is not going to work. But can you just expand a little bit like, how do we find those zones? How does, how does it work shipping out of there, you know, just whatever, whatever details you have, and also about the faster boats. I never even knew about that. So, yeah, just talk about that as well.

Speaker  465360:00
Yeah, so I'll put the name one second. So Matson, which is actually one of the oldest, it's actually the second company history of container shipping. They are. They build smaller, faster boats. There's less Containers per boat. You can just Google. Matson will come up in their way. Their website. They're about 20, 30% more expensive than traditional, you know, massive, you know, boats, but you get it much faster. So the question is, how much is cash flow worth to you? Is it worth 30 more? Is it worth 30% more on shipping containers? Again, you're still looking for three or four week delivery, but it's better than two months delivery. Now, free trade zones, they exist mainly around the ports. I know in LA there's a big Free Trade Zone bonded bonded solutions. I heard in Atlanta there's a big Free Trade Zone bonded solution, and what it is is a bondage facility, or free trade zone is legally not United States. So if you ship it to free trade zone, even though it's sitting in LA illegally, has not entered the United States, therefore no import tax is due. So it's sitting in your facility. And some of these free trade zones or bonded facility operators would connect your Shopify, get an order, pick and pack and ship it out. So once it exits, once it exits the free trade zone, then you're paying your tax. So on one hand, you don't have the lead time advantage that portless offers, but if you're a bulkier product, I would argue, to your next best bet, I do believe, at when the tariffs were at 144% you couldn't get a pallet into a bond facility and free trade zone. That being said now that went down to 30% I think a lot of people said, Okay, I'm not taking a risk. I'm just gonna import it now. And they do believe there's more capacity. I would add it up. Thank you. Another piece of data here. There are some brands that say, one second all, bring it to a free free trade zone in Mexico. I'll bring it to free trade zone in Canada, and then ship order by order into into the country. The problem there is, then legally your transaction value is no longer your factory cost, because it did not have direct and direct export intent to United States, went to Canada, went to UK first, and then it gets more complex to use that model. So I would encourage you, if you are looking, if you're a bulky product and you can't use, let's say, a portless model, look for a US bonded facility. Therefore it is intent for us. You're just delaying the import tax.

Speaker  505189:20
Was a question. Awesome. Thank you.

Speaker  506101:20
All right. Who else has got some questions for? Izzy? I Schwartz,

Speaker  508160:00
okay, thank you so much. Obviously, you're huge wizard in the space, and so appreciate your knowledge and insight so valuable. Thank you. I import tea from all over the world, and then I manufacture. I so we take herbs and teas, botanicals from China, India, Japan, Sri Lanka, kind of being one of the bigger concerns right now, because we're manufactured. We're not having a manufactured overseas where we're taking raw material and we're manufacturing in the US, and so we're bringing containers of product in. So, you know, we're not, we're not having complete finished products made overseas. We're we're picking pieces of material, meaning teas and other botanicals, from all these places, and then making here in the US. So I'm just wondering, based on our scenario, what, what strategy would you think might be something to look at?

Speaker  525418:40
Yeah, so in your scenario that you're doing raw materials, I guess the question is, how you defer taxes for raw materials? Is essentially, I think, the question, but you, but you do need to put it together, or kit it, or whatever you're doing. So in those scenarios, and this is actually really big in Vietnam, and I do believe this free trade zones in the US as well. Factories build their factories, or do kidding in free trade zones. So like, You got to take a lot of different ingredients and bring it all to a single bond facility. You could theoretically do what you need to do in a bond a facility, once it's ready to go ship, order by order out of the bonded facility. That being said, I'm assuming you already have a factory set up and you already have a process set up outside of a bonded facility. In that case, I don't, I can't think of anything unless you're willing to build it again in a free trade zone, which I don't imagine is worth it for raw materials, but that's the only thing I could think of theoretically starting to do either kidding or manufacturing free trade zones and then sending single orders into the United States one person you know, parcel at a time versus bulk. So you're not you can't avoid the taxes, but you're delaying the taxes.

Speaker  544394:40
So okay, maybe I don't want to hog too much of airtime here, but I'm just curious, what do you say delay taxes? Like, what does that so if we import, let's say, $100,000 container stump like, as an example, so we bring in this $100,000 container, and you're saying that we defer taxes, so we don't, we don't pay on that tax until when, and then does it and do we pick and choose what that rate is that we decide to pay taxes on at that point in time. So

Speaker  552677:20
it might be a long conversation, because I don't really understand your business. Yeah, but for example, if you're taking all your raw materials and mixing into single product, what's the definition of country of origin? Definition of country of origin, right? That's a whole you need a trade lawyer for that, right? Yeah, most value to the product, right? And that, that is double the details. But let's say you're selling, you know, separate sets of, you know, again, I'm not here. Let's say it's tea. So you're bringing in tea from all different countries, and you put it into one tea box. Right. In that scenario, the way to defer taxes is if you bring your goods into a bonded facility. The moment it gets the bonded facility, no taxes is owed. It's not legally United States. So let's say you take your teeth from India, you take your tea from China and Vietnam. You put in a single box in the bond facility. Still no tax owed. So you just did a lot of work, and you have all your product that has been kitted sitting on a pallet. Now you have 1000 tea boxes kitted together. You still didn't pay any taxes. It's in a bonded facility. Now you sell your tea box. You sold one tea box day one. Only when that tea box leaves the bonded facility, you're going to pay import tax on the the tax rate of that day. So I'd just say that day tax rate again, depending on your HS code, depending on your definition of country origin, you're only going to pay after you sold that single order. Again, I'm answering without really knowing your business, but I don't know if that's making any sense to you.

Speaker  575770:40
Yeah, I'd love to sit down with you for a few minutes, and just at some point I'll reach out. Happy, happy to happy to follow up. Thanks, brother.

Speaker  578080:00
Oh, who's next? Who's got more for Izzy? Nick Whitman, go for it, buddy.

Speaker  580688:00
Hey, Izzy. I appreciate all the knowledge you're sharing with us, I have two questions, hopefully, both pretty quick, is there any way that the port list model can work with Amazon, FBA? And also, I've heard from a few different companies that they're having their factories or freight forwarders import, DDP as the importer of record at the manufacturer's costs, not the cost that we pay them. And then after it's imported into the US, then we purchase it, so we're able to import a potentially lower cost. What are your thoughts

Speaker  589322:40
that? Yeah, two things. So first, for FBA, we don't do FBA. We do FBM FBA. You need to be an Amazon facility. So by we can't ship FBA or FBA requirement speed. We do five, six day delivery, which is known for DVC, but Amazon, you need probably next day or two day delivery, but FBM, we've helped people go FBM internationally. You do FBM, US and UK, FBM, Australia, one hub, a lot of different markets. Then regards to your second question of DDP. So there's definitely a lot of fraud going on, to be candid. So we've had, we've seen factories say, Hey, if you would be the legal responsibilities on the import of record, that's the person responsible. And the import of record is the person that the C people go after. Now, theoretically, there's no responsibility for import of record. To be an American. It could be. It's called fior, a foreign import of record. Your factory, legally ought to be an import of record, because they have financial interest in the transaction. So what we've seen factories say to some of the brands, which very great, borderline illegal, like, hey, we'll be the import of record. We'll deliver it to you guys. Deliver duty paid. Really, it cost them $10 to manufacture this t shirt. Don't worry. We're taking responsibility. We, as in the factory, take responsibility. We're putting two bucks. We're gonna pay import tax on two bucks. I've been hearing a ton of stories the last two weeks. The CP is catching that, and they're going after the people that are doing DDP in this method. So if it's a legal DDP, DDP is just delivered to be paid. There's nothing wrong with DDP. But if the people that are that, either these new companies that that that popped up said, hey, we'll be in front of record. We'll take the risk, or the factory saying it, if they are lying about their true cost of goods, it's illegal, and the CB are catching them. They understand HS codes. They understand expected value for for products. If you put $2 for a T shirt, it's a huge red flag. And I know stories of last couple days where they are getting caught. Now, if you're an import of record in the US, it might go criminal. If you're for an import of record, they will go after whoever they go after to collect the money. I don't know if you go to jail, but that is a that is a very there's been, unfortunately, a lot of fraudulent offers around this. And it is very great, borderline, definitely illegal for an import of record who is fully responsible people interconnect with that transaction. Got to speak to a trade lawyer. You could argue none of my business till I buy it. But I would definitely speak to a trailer. But the people that are import of record, I've heard active stories of them getting caught with the CPA. Awesome.

Speaker  631525:20
Thank you. Megan,

Speaker  632949:20
hello. This has been a really great conversation. Thank you. It's like so complicated all of these things. My quick question was, so we are doing QVC shopping channel shows. We're in Canada. We have us labels. We need to get them cross border before. With stallion, we were just manifesting the packages, and they were line hauling it for us. Now they don't want to do that, because they need the proper like border clearance. So we're talking to brokers. But we have, like, a 24 to 48 hour turnaround to get these labels out. So I'm just wondering if you have any knowledge on what the best course of action is more for, like, our daily stuff. And then, of course, when we go on air and have, you know, 1000s of units to move very quickly.

Speaker  643632:00
Yeah, and were they manufactured? Where's the goods? Manufactured? China. Sorry, yeah, yeah. Okay, so until now, you were obviously using de minimis, which is great, and you should be using de minimis. Now that de minimis is gone, your entry into us should either be T 11, called informal entry, or tier one, which is formal entry. The problem that I'm assuming stallion has seen, and we've seen it elsewhere, in order to use factory transaction value that you pay the factory. The problem here is that your goods stopped in Canada. And the law is has to be the exact words, price paid for sale to export to the US. But in your scenario is export to Canada, then export to us. It's more it's not important. It's more complex. So the people in your what people are doing in your scenario is they're creating another entity in the middle, and there are providers. So you're the you have

Speaker  659216:00
in Canada, Megan, you got a lot of feedback. Can you go on

Speaker  660256:00
mute? All the answers? Sorry, I thought I was

Speaker  661392:00
on mute. It's called A, B to B to C model. So you are now exporting to the States through, let's say, t 11, but you're selling it to a middle entity, which is based in the US. And there are providers that can help you set up these entities. And that entity is selling it to the Q to see customer. So by layering a middle you can now have a wholesale price, so it's not retail. You don't want to. You know, if you remove that B in the middle, the only transaction value between you and the customer is your retail value, and that would suck on import duties. So you need to add a, b, basically an entity, a corporate entity that service providers do this in your scenario, to be the buyer that imports to the states, that entity needs to be profitable. So there might that entity must make an 8% minimum, 8% or in that range. Again, the providers give more details, and that entity sends it to consumers. That's a way of lowering the transaction value from from retail price to as close as possible to factory price. Now, in your model, if you wanted to explore portless, then you don't need a middle B. And if the product going directly from China to end consumers in the US, it is debt, it is, it is, it is a sign for export to the US or Canada. Could be separate. Let's call it segmentation of SKUs. But if it but in our scenario, you don't need an additional B, because in our scenario, we ship the goods five, six day delivery across the US. The import of record is one of our brokers. A broker is the only legal entity that is allowed to be imported record that does not have financial interest. So the broker is the import of record on behalf of the merchant, and the the merchant, which is in this case, yours transaction value, is between you and the factory. So you could do it again. We have you can make an order. It's seamless to end consumer five days later, six days later, the customer at the front door. You have the lead time advantage. So if your item is lighter, you might want to explore a portless solution. If your item is heavier than Canada could work. You just have to add another entity between you and the end consumer, and that's maybe one of the reasons why

Speaker  694549:20
styling doesn't want to do it. Really helpful. Thank you. Yeah, and happy to go further, and if you want to, yeah, I'll definitely reach out.

Speaker  696357:19
Yeah. All right, who's next? Anybody else got any more questions for us? I know it's already a lot to take in, but I know there's other ones out there. All right.

Speaker  700074:40
Nick, yeah, sorry. I just have one follow up question about the Amazon FBA does portless ever ship maybe, like a larger quantity to Amazon FBA warehouses, for example, like if we had 10,000 units stored at the portless warehouse in China, and we wanted to ship just 1000 ship just 1000 at a time to avoid paying import taxes on all 10,000 at the same time. Could portless assist with something like that?

Speaker  706544:00
We could, if it's a part of your business. I mean, our business is DTC. We help with wholesale. We do tons of wholesale, but only if it's part of as long as we're servicing your DTC business, we'll take care of all your business. We'll use mats and boats. We use air cargo. We'll use whatever you need to get the job done. But we don't, we don't service only. FBA businesses, it's not one of our areas that we focus on.

Speaker  713253:20
Got it cool. That makes sense. Cool.

Speaker  714165:20
And then we Stacy was asking, How do your customers handle returns?

Speaker  715322:40
Great question. So as mentioned, we do shipping to the US, but 55 countries around the world. We partner with return partners that have return centers all the major hubs. So one in us, one in Canada, one in the UK, one in Europe, one in Australia. So once your customer gets a little. Go, oh, I want to return it. No problem. It goes to our return partner. They inbound it, the QC it, and then they stock it. And then this way, the next order that comes in, either specific for that SKU, gets routed to that facility, and they forward ship to your next to your next customer. And if the if a customer wants to go is the reverse logistics before shipping usually is a much more, much better, from an experience in economics level, because you don't have to reverse and ship again. You're either shipping locally in the market.

Speaker  728069:20
Does that answer your question? Stacy, she shot at it. Just type in, yep. She's good. All right, anybody else?

Speaker  732842:40
All right? Anything Izzy. Want to kind of close it out on what you're what you think? Oh, there we go. Steve,

Speaker  734442:40
sorry. One more thing you talked a little bit about companies optimizing, making sure their HSS codes are correct. How would you suggest we go about that? You know, when I first started importing, I was just using a broker in China, and, you know, I would like to make sure everything's on the, you know, correct and optimize, as you say. Where would you point me what direction?

Speaker  740848:00
Yeah, there's a few ways to go. And obviously, depending on the volume of that HS code, if you have high volume and a handful of HS codes, speak to trade lawyer like we use STR personally. They're one of the best trade lawyers in the in the country. But that's if you're doing high volume you want to you it's worth to pay a few $1,000 to do a really deep analysis in your HS codes. And they probably give guidance of like, Hey, if you just change it a little bit, you're If you blend a little more Kat and you're going to fall into this HS code. So if you're a high volume under halfway, just codes highly recommend otherwise, aloe vera, zonos. These are third party softwares that you could throw in your description, you could throw in your title. They'll basically read your profile, and they'll say, these are five HS codes that we recommend to you. You You got to read a little bit deeper, like, Ah, this makes the most sense, and has a better tariff rate. So if that's a more of a self serve solution, elevator and zonos versus trade lawyers, if you're doing higher volume,

Speaker  755216:00
okay, awesome. Thank you.

Speaker  756080:00
All right, last call. Sorry. What's the name of the law firm? You said, S T and R, S T and

Speaker  758133:20
R, yeah, I stands for names, but I think it's ours. Rosenberg, but if you Google STR law firm, they're great. Thank you, Lenny. And Lenny Nicole are too many contacts there. And Lenny used to work for the CDP a whole bunch years as a lawyer, and then moved

Speaker  762549:20
on someone I should ask for specifically,

Speaker  763578:40
depending what you need. So if you're looking for they have a lot of different dimensions. So overall, there we go. Overall trade questions. Lenny is super deep in it. Lenny Feldman Nicole is also very involved in trade. HS code, that might be different department, so it really depends what you're looking for, but they're, they're good places are. Thank you.

Speaker  770400:00
All right, last call. Anybody else? Anything you want to close up on Izzy, anything you're, you're seeing, State of the Union, your crystal ball, what's, what's happening, all that fun stuff.

Speaker  773765:20
Yeah, I'll give I guess. My overall macro thought is the administration wants to make money. They want revenue through tariffs, so it would be very against their interest to do it in a way where companies go bankrupt. So I do think the world we live in between 10 and 30% it will land somewhere there. I don't think we lower than 10. I don't think it'll be higher than 30 by the time this ends, but I would say that for brands that roll up their sleeves and optimize literally all the parts of their business, from supply chain to marketing to go in Global Efficiency, you do have a unique opportunity to gain market share, because most competitors are not going to be rolling up their sleeves and doing optimization across the board. So while it is chaotic out there, but there's a silver lining. I do think throw up your sleeves, you have opportunity to to do a land grab and to take market share from the competitors. Last thing is, I'm around. I talked about this all day. We been in this for 13 years. So if anyone wants to follow up and learn more about portless, feel free. Portless.com I constantly post content on LinkedIn. Feel free to send me DM on LinkedIn or reach out to me. Izzy@pros.com want to learn more.

Speaker  792741:20
I'm sure it's pinned in chat, but

Speaker  793461:20
I could post a recording. I'll put Izzy's information on there as well, so you can get it there. Great. Alright, that was awesome. I really appreciate it. Izzy, I see Amazon here too. So appreciate her for putting this all together with you guys as well. So hey, you know, I, this is an ever changing world, and I, I know all of our members are really. Interested in what's going on, I think you gave us a different perspective from some of the other talks we've had. So yeah, really appreciate it. And if you have anything else you want to share, you know, kick it my way and I'll get it out to the group.

Speaker  803008:00
Awesome. Thanks to opportunity. Was great to everyone. Thanks

Speaker  804224:00
everyone. Bye.
