8. Scott Deetz
Date: October 22, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
So I think we're here's where I would start. The discussion is there is a value of having omni channel. And so what I'd like to do is set the parameters of what makes you more valuable omni channel, and then what are some of the thresholds that you need to because I think that'll be really helpful for everybody to understand. So in essence, and what I'm going to do, I'm going to I'm going to pop around. You can ignore me. This was some of the things that I wanted to make sure that we covered. But I'm going to take them a little bit in different sequence. But if I start with kind of the big picture, and what makes something D to C kind of valuable, let me talk about that first. So first things first, what amount of your revenue or profit needs to be off Amazon to be seen as omni channel. And I would set that threshold at 20% of your EBITDA. And I'm going to use your EBITDA is Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. That's the definition of profit that a buyer is going to use. So it's accrual based accounting, and it is 20% would be the target that I would be looking to seek. If it's less than that, and you're spending a lot of your time on it. So for some of you that are in the kind of 95% Amazon, it's perfectly okay to set up a Shopify site, and you build a brand up, and people go to it, and it's profitable, no problem at all. What a buyer would get nervous about. And one of the things I always think about is, obviously, this is thinking about everything from an exit, which is thinking about things from not just your own lens, but from the buyer's lens, is if you're spending a whole bunch of time trying to push Shopify DTC uphill, and it's 5% of your revenues, and it's basically break even, you can actually be less valuable because it's seen as a distraction, not as a diversification. So imagine that you set up. You got all these YouTube videos set up. You got all this Facebook content. You got all of these influencers set up. You have this whole extra part of the business that you're having to run, but it's only generating 5% of your profits. A buyer is immediately thinking, Oh, wow, I don't want to have to do all that. I'd rather just buy an Amazon business. So the first thing when I when I start on the big picture topic, is a little bit of what do I need to get to in order to see that it's valuable? Now, I like 20% if it's 10% you know, that's not as good as 20 obviously, but I think that's meaningful enough that you can start to say, Hey, I'm not just an Amazon shop, but I'd be thinking about that as sort of the goal is to, if you want to be seen as omni channel, you know, having a good portion of your revenues, where they see it as a division of your company, not just a distraction to the company. I guess that'd be the line to be thinking of, yep, go ahead, revenue or Yeah. And I like to use net profit, and here's why I want to force everybody in this room to really know the profitability by channel. Because we see a lot of people that whenever you start up a new channel, it starts out unprofitable. A lot of times, just like when you start up a new product, it starts out not as profitable, but ultimately a buyer, what they're afraid of is, I'm driving 20% of my revenue from Shopify, but my meta ad costs are so much that it's really break even, and now they're kind of looking at that, and I'm going to back up even a little bit of a half a step More, if you ask me, northbound, we focus on premium valuation. So we are generally at the part of the market where we're trying to get very good companies the best deal. There's other brokers out there that focus on the lowest end of the market, and maybe, you know, they only get one to two times earnings, you know. So when I'm thinking about premium valuations, we've got an Amazon company that's all Amazon right now. It's 96% Amazon, and we got it a five multiple. So I don't know what that means to everybody, but most people are saying that multiples are kind of between two and three and a half right now. So what are we doing going out and getting a five multiple for an Amazon business? It's because that business is really doing very well, and it is in health and beauty. So why it's valuable is that it's achieved what I would refer to as I call it the 2020, 20 rule. So. So minimum 20% margin is the first 20 okay. Now this is for premium valuations, okay, the minimum is 15% if you're below 15% Zach will tell you, because he handles a lot of our buyer relationships, it's very hard to find a buyer to buy an Amazon business that's under 15% EBITDA, unless it's in electronics or really, really, really high volume. Okay, but be thinking of 20% which is not easy to achieve on an Amazon business nowadays. So if you're at 17 or 18, and you're in that mid between 15 and 20, 17% today is like 20% three years ago, they just know that it's harder. So I don't get worried. If you're at 17, we can still exit you. If you're at 15, you start dipping down into 12 and below. Very, very difficult. And the reason is, is that a buyer is worried that any price decrease or increase in competition from overseas, anything that you have to do can take 12% and drop it to nothing very, very quickly. So, so the first 20 is 20% margin as your target, the second target is 20% year over year growth or more, okay, and so 20% year over year growth generally means, for most people that are mostly on Amazon is that there's a continual cycle of new products that are coming in, either cannibalizing the old products or expanding the brand. Which gets to kind of the next big picture thing is a lot of people back four years ago, when the aggregators were the buyer, they would think, Oh, I'll grow it, then I'll pull back on all of my product, my new product launches, because they cost money, and I'll maximize my profit and sell the company. And that actually worked, because a lot of the aggregators, very candidly, had the wrong business model. They thought, I'm going to buy it for five and my platform's worth 15 so the buyer was operating on something called a multiple arbitrage model. They were arbitraging what they were paying you and what they were worth. And that has now shrunk to where the buyers need to have growth. So the new recommendation, if you want to call it that, is that it's going to be very difficult for you to sell the company. If you pull back on your new product, you have to have products in the pipeline, and you just got to budget that into the overall way that you're running the business. And then the third 20 is not having any more than 20% of your revenues in any one product. Okay, yep, you know, yeah, you know where this is, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah. Now and again, there's strategies for all of these things, but I'm kind of, I want to level set everybody of and a this is what makes you premium. And obviously we know why. Is because Amazon, you know, makes the rules, and we all are just fortunate enough to get to play by them.

Speaker  128832:00
And so they're worried, if that listing goes down, they take too big of a hit. And then the fourth 20 is 20% channel diversification to be considered an omni channel brand. Okay, so I had 320s for an Amazon business. I've got 420s for an Amazon so, 2020, 2020, okay, and you know, here's why this is, I think, important benchmarks. If you're growing at 40% a year and you're making 10% margin, I'd rather have you at 20% growth and 15% margin when you want to exit now it might be the right strategy to go gobble up market share. You know, if you're going to exit, let's say your exit timeline was seven years rather than three. You might say, I'm going to grow by 4050, 60% and be lean on the margin and try and capture a category. No problem with that. But when we want to get you to market, it's a lot like the chain is only as strong as its weakest link, right? So if I've got 20% margin and 20% year over year growth, and I've got 80% of my revenue in one skew, very difficult to get you a premium valuation. And then we need to start working on that, you know, what do we need to do to diversify that particular skew? Okay, if I have, you know, maybe in your situation, you might say, you know, I do have more than 20% of my revenue in one SKU, but if a lot of that is coming from your Shopify and your influencer, that's different than if 20% or 30% of your revenue is coming just from Amazon. So it's all about kind of mitigating the risk for the buyer. And this gets to my last kind of big picture comment, and I'll take any questions on this, is that the biggest thing that I want people to focus on is oftentimes, the way that we get you a higher valuation for the company is that we don't add more growth, we take away risk. If you think about that, most, most sellers, if I was to put all. Of you in front of a you know, if I'll pick on Zach, if Zach was the buyer, right, and you were trying to sell his company, the first thing you'd be doing is saying, Oh, I'm growing here, and this is going great there, and all of that is going there. And what we like to focus on is, here's all the risks that I see in my business, and here's what I'm doing to get rid of the risk. Because a buyer likes to start from that perspective first, it just like you would be if you were buying something, right? The first thing, when somebody tells you it's great, what's the first thing you think of? I bet it's not that great somewhere. Tell me where it's not that great, right? And the 2020, 2020, will help you really focus on, you know, where do I need to go if I want to get to a premium valuation? So questions or comments regarding that, or is that a good framework to start with?

Speaker  172986:40
Would you say the takeover is what? How to miss it

Speaker  174138:40
that? Yeah. So if you think about what goes on inside of a buyer, there's two things I like to always have you think about so your buyer has to go to what's called an investment committee to go get the check to pay you okay. And in order to go to that investment committee, there's two or three different things that they're doing. Most of them are financing with debt to a certain extent. So if you think about it, Zach, think Zach is telling you he's the buyer, but he's not the buyer. Who's the real buyer? The buyer is Zach's bank who he's going to go borrow the money from, and Zach's equity investors that have put money into Zach so that he can go and buy your particular company. And when I'm thinking about risk, I'm thinking about this, those are very two different audiences. All the bank cares about is, can you service the debt? So if, let's say your company, right now, is worth $10 million all the and let's say, for easy math, you're doing $2 million of profit, and we get you a five multiple. So two times five is $10 million deal. So if, if the buyer is paying you $10 million they're probably only able to borrow $6 million of that $10 million from the bank at the most they're borrowing at what's called three times EBITDA. And so if I take a payment on three times EBITDA, so if I've got, if I go, just gonna go, I'm doing this on my sheet here, what's the payment on a 12% loan on a five year note on $6 million my monthly payments are 133,000 a month times 12, so I've got to pay 1.6 million in order to service that particular loan. But you're making 2 million. So the bank is going to be like, okay, you know, we're happy that we're getting paid back. So that's when that, when they talk about risk, the first thing you want to show to a debt investor is two millions not going to go down. Okay, the equity investor, so out to the to the right, is the debt investor out to the left is the equity investor? The equity investor needs to believe that they can double or triple the size of this business within a three to five year period. Okay, so Zach has taken in money from those equity investors, and if he's going to pay you 10, and he can only borrow six from the bank. He's having to go to the equity investor for the other four. That equity investor for the other four is going to expect that they're going to get somewhere between eight and $12 million back when they go sell this particular business. Okay? And so their risk is not just debt. They have all the risk that the debt people have, okay, but they also have the risk that your growth slows and you don't launch as many new products, and that they don't hit their what's called their rate of return hurdle, that they have to believe that's out there in order for it to be there. So if you think about selling just like how you design a listing, I'm sure some of you have a product that has the same product that has slightly different audiences, right? I always think about, if you want to know how to sell a buyer, on how to sell your customer, you do it every day, all day long, on your listings, you think in terms of benefits. You think in terms of advantages, and then you think in terms of guarantees. What can I guarantee? So let's now kind of go back through the your, you know, kind of that risk mitigation list. So number one on the risk mitigation list is I need to make sure that just gonna pull up one of my notes here. I'm. Pulling up my risk mitigation chart. So this is an example template. We don't need to go through it on the screen. But if you think about your business, number one risk in your business is what? What would you say it is for an Amazon business? Yeah, absolutely right, that, you know. So the private equity investors, they talk about a one case, which a one case means I got my money back. Okay? So my equity investor, I put 4 million in and I got 4 million back. That's called my one case. My zero case is I put 4 million in and it goes and it's a donut hole. I lose everything. Okay? The only risk that they have of a donut hole, of losing everything is Amazon shutdowns, right? So in their mind, their tolerance for a zero case scenario is slim and non slim, left, right? Because if they're going to invest $4 million in 10 companies, and two of them just go all the way down to zero. They have to generate such a return on all of their other investments, it'd be like they'd have to be picking, you know, hitting bull's eye after Bullseye after Bullseye after bullseye. Okay, so when you think about mitigating your risk, when I'm looking at I'm actually looking at a chart here, and it says, what's the risk category, what's the description of it, what's the priority of it, and how are we mitigating that risk? So Amazon platform risk is your number one risk. So the first question is going to be, when have you had your last shutdown? Why did it happen? How often do listing shutdowns happen? And what do you do when they happen, to proactively manage it. So what we recommend you know that you don't just do this for when you're exiting, but literally have a plan for that and say, Okay, it's been, you know, just like a factory has, you know, how many days since our last safety, you know, accident it is. Just think of it as that. How many days can I go before I have any Amazon issues? Now, other categories are different. You're going to run into different things there, but that's the number one risk. What's the next biggest risk that you would see after Amazon platform risk? I'm just going to kind of stay with you. Mohammed here for a little

Speaker  276031:59
bit. It is a patent.

Speaker  276912:00
Patent, meaning people can copy you,

Speaker  277813:19
competitor, client, that patent on us, Amazon will do more

Speaker  278805:20
listing. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, perfect, yeah. So if I have any patent infringement where I'm infringing on somebody else's patent, that's another shutdown risk. So think about risks as I like to think about them as zero case risks, which is it all goes down to 01. Case risk is that it slows it so that it's not growing. And then growth risk is the third one. So if I think about a one case risk, so trademark infringement, patent infringement, Amazon platform risk, and probably the only other one would be supply chain risk. If you have all of your goods from one supplier and they shut you down, or some they go bankrupt, or something along those lines, that's probably the big ones that are the, you know, the biggies. And then after that you have things like price competition risk, right? How many of you have looked at your prices over the last 24 months for your key product and drawn a graph of whether or not they stay the same, whether or not they're going down or whether or not they're going up? Okay? Yours are going down. Okay? So in terms of, nope, the average dollar that you charge for the same product. So it's called, basically, we do an analysis with our clients, and we say we're going to do a monthly price analysis. So two years ago, you're charging 3499 for this product. Okay, if you're still charging 3499 for that product, it has a price quotient of one. It's perfectly level. If it's a price quotient of point eight, you take the $35 you multiply it times point eight, and you're at $27 so now you have a price quotient of point eight. So one of the key things in mitigating these risks is knowing the data before you go out in front of your particular buyer, most people look at their sales trends on unit volume quite a bit like I could probably ask you, for every one of your SKUs, you know, are you selling more this year than last year on a quantity level? But not as many people look at their product portfolio on a pricing level and really go, Oh, wow. When I look back over the four years that I've had this company, every one of my products starts out low because I got to buy my market share, and then it lasts for this amount of months, and then it starts to do this. And then I have to get more price competitive to keep the volume. If that, if you want to ask about getting a premium valuation for your company, if you're less. Level, price volume can stay for 24 months or more. Buyers think that that's a long time on Amazon. Flip Side is is we have a client right now that we're at market with, and they're at about 14 months. So the buyers getting a little bit nervous, because it's essentially, you know, they know that 80% of the portfolio is going to start decreasing on a 14 month cycle, and they need to now see enough new products coming into the cycle that can kind of make up for that and continue to have really good growth. So one of the other risk mitigations that we talk about is what I call price quotient, price quotient risk. And so tracking each one of your SKUs and having an understanding as to whether or not it's stable on its pricing and for how long before you have to replace it, okay, the equivalent of this in a software company is churn, you know, we've all heard about that. You know, it's like because, you know, if I have 80% retention, you know, on losing 20% a year means they got to sell 20% just to get back to zero. So and then let me just kind of go to a couple of the other ones that are here, and then we'll move on to the next topic. But you've got competition risk, you've got pricing risk, and then you also have supply chain risk. And then the other one that we've got is, I call it economic slowdown risk. What is actually going on? Are you in a market that just more and more people are wanting to buy this product? Or are you in a market that is already kind of, you know, past its prime? A little bit, I'll give you an example of one of those. Is anybody aware of what's called a slime kit? If you have, like, eight, yeah, the kids, yeah, okay. One of the, one of the companies we exited, you can actually get a more than $5 million exit if you were the leader selling slime kits. Okay, but you can't today, because they're kind of old news. We sold it four years ago at the peak of this lime kit craze, and so the buyer said, Oh, wow, I know it's going to run out for a little while, but it's still on the upswing. Right now, that company is kind of on the downswing in terms of just general market conditions. So those are the ways that you mitigate the or that you understand the risks, and then you design ways to overcome each one of them, and say, Okay, I understand that. My pricing goes down a little bit. But then I introduce kits, you know, bundle three of them together to bring new things. Or I'm releasing, you know, four to six new products a year, so that I'm self cannibalizing myself with a new and improved kind of version, or I'm doing variation strategies to be able to do that. So any other questions about that side? No, okay, any other general questions otherwise, I'll kind of tick forward here. Okay, so there was another big picture thing I put together. I'll spend three minutes on it. Five minutes on it. I was at the Milan event, and somebody said to me that this was life changing for them. And so I thought, Oh, I'll incorporate it. I didn't think it was life changing, but for them, it was. And they were running into a situation where the business was running their life. I know all of you have a four hour work week, but they were running into the challenge, and what I drew was two things. They were upside down in a couple of different areas. They were thinking of their work first, their friends, or excuse me, their family first, and they were thinking of themselves last. And what I said to them was, you actually need to think of yourself and your own health first, because that's the nutrient that feeds the energy you put into your work and the energy you put into your friends and family. And the same thing a lot of people that's pretty intuitive, but a lot of people don't look at it that way when they come on over to their business. And I said, you don't you're thinking of your business every day. You need to think about what you want as an owner out of your business. And I said at northbound, we always say we don't work for businesses. We work for owners that have businesses. So if we're ever going to work together, I don't think of it as working for your company. I think of working with Leslie. What is Leslie trying to get accomplished. Okay, now that owner then has a business that more business is plural, and you have a market which is how big is the market you're in. So Kyle says to me, I want to exit for $50 million because that's my owner goal, and I am in the reselling of Marriott red pens, but not blue. Okay, the market, even if he has 200% of the market, it's not going to make any sense to him. Flip side is, I had someone come to me and said, I'm going to exit my company for 50 million. Million dollars. I looked at their business and I said, I can guarantee you talk to them as an owner, you have no chance of selling this company for 50 million. They got offended at me. I said, you know why? I said, Because you told me that all you want to do in life is be able to make a half a million dollars a year without having to work. And if I invest $20 million at 4% that's $800,000 a year, pre tax, after tax, that's 50 million. You're never going to bear the risk of going from 20 million to 50, because the minute that you get to 20, we're going to find you a buyer, and you're going to have met your owner goal. So they didn't have alignment between their owner, their business and their market, which was driving them too much time into their work and too much time into their family, and they were burning out as an individual. So for whatever that's worth, before you start thinking about your exit planning, just start thinking about what do I really want as an owner, and how much is enough before I want to go on to my next gig? Because a lot of times somebody will be in an Amazon company. We had somebody. They were in Home and Kitchen, unbelievably good operator of an Amazon business. But they were operating at 11% margins, because Home and Kitchen is really, really tough. They were in a very difficult category, very commoditized. We said, why don't you start up another brand in in something you care about. The only reason they were staying in that brand was because that was the first brand when they got into it, when they joined it. So So for whatever value that gives you, it was surprising to me, but somebody was really out of balance, and this helped them rebalance themselves. So I'm going to skip through some of the things that you maybe have seen before, but 80% of the money does come when you exit, or, excuse me, more than half of it. I call it the 8020 rule, but it's going to be more than half of it. There's a whole concept about, how do I grow my company, and how do I raise capital and raise equity and fund the growth of my business? Let me ask you a question. Is that relevant to anybody here are people interested in understanding how you value and raise money for your business, how you might take on an equity partner, like you know, somebody that could put money in or is that not as relevant? Not as relevant, not not as relevant. Okay, I'll skip over that.

Speaker  437557:20
Okay, so let's just go now to when I think about what makes a business valuable. This is the grid that I always go back to, and I can just like, literally roll it off my tongue. In order for you to be sellable, you have to be profitable. You have to be repeatable with those profits, you have to be scalable with those profits. You have to be diversifiable, and you have to be defensible. So most people remember when I told you the 2020, 2020, rule of value. That is what I call the output metrics. This is the input metrics that will get you to 2020, 20 and 20, because if I'm scalable and repeatable and defensible, I buy naturally am more valuable. So I'll give you an example. First, you have to in order to be sellable, you have to have a compelling story, and you have to have professional leadership. Nobody buys from people that they don't trust. I'm not worried about that, frankly, very rarely ever worried about that with MDS members, but is, I'm sure all of you have been in this industry for a little bit. Know there are a few flakes that are in this industry always looking to game the system. Profitable. I said 20 is ideal, 15 minimum when we think about repeatable, I didn't say recurring revenue, but I did say repeatable. Okay? And what a buyer is looking for is they want to know that the success that you have had will repeat for them. And there's kind of multiple ways you can do that. You can actually have repeat customers Subscribe and Save or DTC subscriptions, but you can also have proven new product development success that says, I have a product development wheel here. I've released 20 products in the last two years. 80% of them has succeeded. We my best example of this was somebody that we had. They were not in Subscribe and Save they were in physical goods that. But they had done, they had done, I think it was 71 product launches with 65% of them, or 65 of the 71 were successful. So the buyer was like, Oh, wow, so, and then they had a pipeline of 20 more launches that they were going to do. So back to this proven success. So you're telling me that you only had six things not succeed out of the last 71 and you have 20 more in the pipeline. That means there's 18 more successes. And this gets to the value. And I will give some props to Zach. He's a forecasting expert. Um. We build out a three year plan for all of our clients. Where is this business actually going? Not where is it going to my next order, but building out one of the action items for everybody here would be, is, where am I going to be in three years from now, when I want to exit, and what is the number of products, channels and launches that I need to do in order to get there? And then another way is through variations. Scalable is two things most people think of. The first 1am, I in a big enough niche to matter? Okay, we did have a buyer that just tagged one of our clients and said, I looked at your new product development, and you said, you're going to get up to 6000 units a month of this product, and the number one seller in the category right now is doing 2000 a month. So just forecasted wrong. They're like, wait a minute, you're going to do three times more than the category leader. The second one, though, is cash efficient, and this means low networking capital. Let me use an example. Do you know how much money you have in inventory at any given time, roughly? Okay, so if I'm making, if I have a million dollars of inventory at any given time, and I have 5 million of revenue, 20% of my revenue is tied up in my inventory, okay? And if I'm making 15% margin, I have $750,000 of profit, but I've got a million dollars of inventory to make $750,000 of profit. And so if a buyer, if, and let's say they're on 3070 terms, so they have no payment terms with their supplier, okay, a buyer that has $5 million of revenue and a million dollars of inventory, if remember I said before, they want to triple the size of that business, okay, how much cash do they need in order to triple that business? If there's a million of inventory right now, 3 million, right so they're going to have to, in addition to paying you your big check, they've got to go get another $2 million to go fund just the inventory growth of that particular company. Okay? Now I always like to think of it is, is if they've got to go to a bank to fund the inventory from somebody else whose pocket is that really coming out of?

Speaker  520933:20
If, if they have to go spend $2 million to increase the inventory, what is that $2 million that they can't give to you because they got to go get it from someplace, right? So go back to this slime kit company that we sold when we started with them. They were worth $800,000 okay? They were on 3070 payment terms. We went to the supplier and we negotiated 20% down 30% and that was 120 days after order. And the remaining 50% was 210 days after order. So they would order in August, they'd make their next payment on December 15, and then they'd make their final payment on March 15, and that allowed them to out order everybody in the category because everybody else couldn't afford the working capital. We changed the working capital of the company, and within 12 months, they went from being worth $800,000 to being worth 5.2 million, just simply because they were winning based on cash efficiency. So if you think about that as one of the ways to, I said, step one to increase your value of your company is get the risk out of it. When we talk about scalability, getting that your networking capital is pushed off to your supplier as much as possible. Most people don't realize how important that that is on the valuation. But if we can get you paid from amazon before you have to pay your supplier. Now, we don't have to go to the bank for a networking capital loan that will usually add, if you it could add another. It could take a four and a half multiple company and easily make it a five, because the buyers looking at this going, I don't have to go reinvest in this business, because, remember, they're borrowing the money at three times earnings to pay you, but they also have to use that same pot of money to add more inventory to grow the company, to satisfy their equity investor. So one of the advantages of diversifying to Shopify is that you avoid a lot of times the two week delay from Amazon in the payment if who here sources, anybody source domestically or Okay, that's a huge value for a buyer, because they know that the inventory can turn a lot quicker. If you can even get 30 or 60 day payment terms there, we can go represent that before. She has to pay a dime. She collects $1 right? That is a huge increase in the value of a multiple. The next one is diversifiable. And if you're going to be on D to C, a lot of people think of diversifying their paid media. So they think, Oh, I've got to diversify from meta and Google, but it's also looking at the blend of the paid media, the organic traffic, and what I call the referred traffic, or the influencer traffic. So if you're on joining brands, for example, and you have a whole network of successful influencers out there, I call that referred traffic. And if you're also then omni channel. So if I was thinking about your strategy, and we're going to get you a six or a seven multiple, we're going to say, look at this business. Not only does it have 25 to 30% of it is off Amazon, but it also has positive networking capital, because it domestically sources so it turns its cash very efficient. And on the Shopify side, Leslie's not just relying on out winning meta and trying to deal with click costs there or Google traffic. She also has a network of influencers like you talked about, and 33% of her DTC traffic comes from influencers. She's also ranking for keywords in various places, and she's got brand and repeat buyers coming back. And she's got email marketing going, so that's organic traffic, and she's diversified across all the paid media. Can you just start to hear how exciting that would feel? If you were a company, you'd be like, Oh, wow, look at this. I'm making money over here. I'm making money there. I've got influencers that are lining up to support me. I've got a platform that makes that all happen, and I've got the cash to grow that. What I need to do is I need to write a big check to Leslie, and then what I need to do is, then I need to get her into new product development and continue innovating the brand story. I'll take care of all the back end maintenance stuff, and now I can triple the size of this business. So you know, when I'm thinking about each of your businesses, I'm thinking in my head, what's the elevator pitch that I'm going to sell your business on? And it usually comes back to these things. And then what I want to do is I want to get to defensibility and and that's what patent or design utility patents do I have? Do people? Are they price inelastic? Why are wise pets such a good category, the amount of money that people waste on four legged animals at any cost, right? They just know they're totally irrational about it. So if I have a premium pet brand, we exited an MDS member with a premium pet brand. Very good exit. And it was like, you know, just knew it. And now I got into pet supplements, so now I've got recurring revenue with people that are totally illogically and emotionally attached. And I say that obviously to joke a little bit, but there's lots of different moats that you can have. But the most important thing is, is that you need to be able to for your business. I can give you the categories and the takeaway that I would do if you're doing this sort of valuation planning is okay. How do I make sure that if I had sort of two graphs that make you valuable, if I had four quadrants with my 420s 20% growth, 20% profit, 20% no more, in one skew, and 20% omni channel. That's one metric or KPI, that I'd be looking at. And then the other one is, I'd have this exact pyramid, and I'd have filling out, where am I today on each one of these particular things? And how do I make sure that when I get in front of a buyer, that when they ask the simple question, you know, why are you very valuable? Why are you selling the business? Well, I'm highly profitable, and the good news is I've got a lot of repeat customers coming in, and I'm in the pet supplement niche, and it's just taking off left and right, and I've diversified now. I'm I'm on chewy, I'm on paid traffic. I'm using join brands, and I've got 15 new influencers putting out content every day. I've diversified onto Tiktok shop and and I've got the brand story that I'm in, you know, organic food, for pets, for the you know, for an audience that, you know is the bad term back in my day, but we used to call them the granola audience, right? They hug trees and then nothing is organic and good enough for their pet and all that. And I've got that audience locked into a tea and doesn't matter, they're not going to leave me. They buy organic anyway. They'll pay $12 for some eggs. They're going to certainly pay 1699, or 2199 or whatever I need for my price. And as long as I keep my brand story and my values there, they're going to stick with me. You know, now all of a sudden, that's what makes a business valuable. So questions or comments about that?

Speaker  639194:39
Yeah, what question did. Of inventory we need to have in each sales.

Speaker  641120:00
What's the what? What percentage of inventory?

Speaker  641952:00
Oh, in terms of

Speaker  642752:00
revenue, yeah. Okay, so this is a really good question, because we actually look at it on what we call a net inventory basis. Okay, so I care only about the amount of inventory, minus the amount of supplier payables that you have in any one time. Most people look at it so they'll like and I asked you kind of a simpler question. So if I have a million dollars of inventory, if I was using avazars Number, not saying that that's what it is, but if I was using that, if I have a million dollars of payables, meaning that I don't pay my supplier until I get paid from from Amazon or from Shopify, then my net inventory balance is zero. That's called your networking capital, okay? Because I've pushed my entire problem. So in other words, if you could put 0% down and pay 180 days later, I don't care what your inventory is, practically speaking, because you financed all of that with the supplier and you only pay them. Now, that's not usually practical for everybody. So a rule of thumb that I like to keep at is I don't like to have much more than one half of my EBIT tied up in my inventory. So in other words, is, if I'm making 15% okay, if my net inventory can be seven and a half percent of my revenues. So if I have a $10 million business, that's 750,000 that's where I'd like to be. Okay, that's like 20% profit, 20% growth. A lot of people can't get there. When you start, just like paid media, it when you start getting up into one full turn of your EBITDA or more is tied up in your inventory. That's when you know, now, if I some people sell refrigerators, some people sell pots and pans, right? So that doesn't mean for every rule there's an exception, but I'd be thinking about it first calculate what's the net inventory after my payables to my supplier, and then thinking of it in that seven and a half to 10% of Rev of revenue, if I'm making 15 to 20%

Speaker  678501:20
good question. Okay,

Speaker  680005:20
any other questions on kind of what makes you valuable before I go on to the next topic or okay, I really, you know a lot of this stuff. This might be the first time that you're hearing it. Part of this as you start going through the process of thinking things like a buyer is educating yourself so that you feel confident when you go into the selling situation. So I can guarantee you that if we work with you, and you have these things down cold and you have these answers, what ends up happening is that buyers just can sense that they're like, oh, wow, this is a good business to buy. Okay, so this one was a transaction, which was bringing on a key employee, and it was how to to bring them on. I'm going to go through it really quickly, just because there's one lesson that I'd like to kind of talk through here, but I won't go through it all the detail, because it's not a lot of you. But in essence, somebody wanted to hire, think of it as a COO, but they didn't feel like they had the money. And so here's what we actually did, was we had the person that they wanted to hire, invest in the business and put $500,000 in the business. Okay? 350,000 of it went to the seller that purchase amount, and 150,000 of it went actually into the company. And if you go all the way down to the right and you look that they're, they're paid $120,000 a year, annually. We took in the investment from the person to pay themselves, okay? And then what we did is we increased the value on the company. If you notice here, who here has heard that you sell a company based on your trailing 12 months? EBITDA, have everybody heard that term? Okay? Well, look what we did. We said we were growing so we weren't going to take the trailing 12 months. We were going to take the trailing six months and double it. So we just we moved the goal post so that we had a higher trailing 12 months number by taking the last six months and doubling it. And then what we did is we, we felt we were worth really about a five multiple because it was a good business. But we took a premium multiple because we went to the strategic investor and we showed them the future growth of what the company was going to be when they were in the business. So we got a higher multiple on a changed range here. So we actually internally thought that the company. Was worth seven and a half million dollars. We boosted the value up to $9 million and then we took in $500,000 so if you think about what's going on here, if I'm would you rather own 100% of a company or 95% of a company? Most people would say I'd rather own 100% Well, in this instance, I'd rather own 95% of something that's worth 9 million, because 9 million minus 5% is 8.5 5 million. So we increase the value to then give away 5% of the company to get the half a million dollars in here. Here's why I wanted to show this example, even though you might not do it, is that what we did is, when you're going out to strategic investors, we set the multiple high enough so that we would take in an investment or sell part of the company at any point in time. So for all of you that are thinking, oh, I want to run the company for 3456, more years, and then sell 100% of it, sometimes you might want to think about the fact that you can actually get people that will liquidate you in stages over time, but you're still in control. Okay, so this person still controls. They have all the voting shares, the 5% investor. And why that happens is because we all know it a lot of times. There's people, you know, they want to be along for the ride, right? They want to have golf course bragging rights. That says they're in E commerce too. We could be a, could be a rich uncle's, you know, you know, buddy, you know, at, you know, at the country club, or whatever it is. But just open up your minds that you might be able to to do this. And then if I come on over here, we set up a stock option program for them, but the performance option kicks in at 50% higher than what the historical growth has been, so they're giving away more equity if they're growing at 20% the options only go if they get at 30% or more. So it's what's called an accretive transaction, and so as you're thinking about your own exit strategies, a lot of people think I'm going to because back in the aggregator days, that's what happened is, you know, I'm going to build it up to this. I'm going to sell 100% of it, I'm going to put a bunch on an earn out, and then I'm going to leave 90 days later. And the reality is, those exits aren't as common anymore, but there are other ways for you to get liquid in your company, if you so choose to. Okay, so I'm going to just skip over these things, but I think I covered these. But the other thing, I guess, point five, I didn't cover, let's say that you exit your business in two years, and we get you eight figures for it. You can do that same thing in reverse, and you can provide five hours of your time what's called consulting for equity, put $100,000 of the money back into a business and earn 510, 15% and not just have to build up another business, but actually be investors in other people's businesses, and people will give you a good deal for that because, because you've already, you've, you've made money, right? And so people want to play with winners. So this is a D to C transaction example. So we'll talk about the value of d to c. Amazon business here, if you look at it, 1 million of profit, 24% margin, 25% repeat buyers, three and a half multiple. It was worth three and a half million dollars. We'll stop here for just a second, and I'll explain these the deal structure itself. But now you go over here, 1,000,020% 30% repeat. So these are kind of the same multiple, 6.2 okay. The difference was, is that this was 90% off Amazon. It was 90% of Shopify business. Now I'm not trying to take any one of your businesses that are 95% Amazon, and flip them, but just recognize there's a continuum here between Amazon only and omni channel that starts ticking up at quarter multiples and half multiples, the more you can hit the 2020, 20 rule. But what's common on both of these is that the seller agreed to stay on board and continue to drive the brand. And so for all of you that are looking at real exits, it used to be that I could promise you that you'd be out of your business 90 days after a closing, when it was an aggregator. That is not true. Now you should plan on one to two years that you're going to be involved in the business after the sale. It might be a little bit shorter than that, but buyers have what was the things that the aggregators got wrong? What was the number one thing that you think that they got wrong?

Speaker  798042:40
What's that the seller staying on

Speaker  798922:39
board? Yep, absolutely. They're like, Oh man, we're the geniuses, because we hired a bunch of mad. Avenue people what they've missed out on the fact that it's guerrilla warfare out there on Amazon. And you can't go blow $350,000 on packaging and ever expect to earn a return on your money. And you can't take the brilliance of the people in this room, hand it to a 26 year old MBA type out of Harvard and think you're going to have the same performance. And what you really can't do is have 17 different layers of a committee before you get a new product out, right? So if you think about that, the buyers have gotten smarter. Now the advantage for you is don't worry that you're going to have to do what you're doing now today, okay? And what I mean by that is you're going to move more strategically after a sale, and they're going to try and take off all the kind of grunt work away from you. And there's two reasons why they're going to want to do it. Is because, remember back to Zach's equity investor, they're going to want to accelerate the growth, and that means more product, more brands, more innovation, and you're the experts at that. But the second reason they're going to do that is, if I just gave you Leslie $8 million and you tell me to go deal with Amazon customer service things for the next two weeks, what are you

Speaker  818800:00
going to do? You mean if you gave me $8 million and then you had to take over my customer

Speaker  820112:00
service, I force you to keep doing customer service, and you hate customer service, so I'm the buyer. Well, I would not do it anymore. Hello, I'm in Bali. I'm not coming back, so they're going to think of it. A lot of people get a fear of, I don't want to stand with my buyer, because it'd be like, I have a job and you're not going to have a job. You're more going to have an alignment around an achievement over a certain period of time, and the bigger that achievement is, the more you can get paid for it. And that introduces the concept of what is called rolled equity, as you can see here. Okay, most people in this industry have heard the word earn out and think that it has four letters, right? And it was far more out than earn because most of a lot of people that did a pure earn out, they didn't hit the targets, so they thought they sold for a seven multiple and they ended up with a four, because if you just miss the earn out target, you get nothing. Okay, in a rolled equity transaction, what ends up happening is you're just choosing the percent to sell now and the percent that you're going to sell later. Okay? So literally, think of it as if I have 100 shares of my stock in this deal. I sold 80 of them. So you take a million times 6.2 is 6.2 million. You multiply that times point eight, and that gets you to roughly 4.9 million in cash, and you actually have another 20% or 1.3 million that you just didn't sell yet. Okay, so the only way that a roll of equity goes to zero is if the value of the company goes literally to zero. Okay, earn out goes to zero if I didn't maintain, if I was at a million dollars of EBITDA and it went down to 900,000 I missed my earn out. I don't get my earn out. I get zero rolled equity. If a million goes down to 900,000 and maybe my multiple is not worth as much, so maybe my value goes from 6 million down to 4 million, I will still get two thirds of that. I won't get as much, but you're essentially agreeing to sell the remaining part of the company at a future point in time. And probably a lot of you the first question on your mind is, when is that? And this gets back to the value of forecasting. When you show the forecast of what your growth is. We designed the rolled equity based on what the business can achieve and it could be. We just did one where it was 70% was sold at closing, 10% is going to be sold in two years, and 20% is going to be sold in three years. Okay, we've got another one that we've done. As you can see here, 60% sold at closing, and then 40% and it's going to be 1/3 1/3 1/3 over the next three years. Here's the advantage of it is if you get this trajectory going like this, and you stay on board and work in collaboration with your buyer, the 10% that you're selling next year is multiplied times of that year's earnings, not your trailing earnings. Okay, so if I'm at a million right now, and let's just so I could keep it really simple, if all 40% of this was going to be sold two years from now and two years from now, it's 1.5 million of EBITDA. You just got a 50% lift on the value of your sock. Think of it just like a stock that went up. Now there's a risk to anything that you don't get cash at closing. Okay? So everybody, you need to understand that side of things. So this is where vetting the buyer becomes. Very, very important. You know somebody that's in your niche, that's got proven track record, that's got all of those types of things. But I'll also mention one other thing to you that's very, very important. If I said to you, would it be better to sell 70% of a company or 100% of it? Which would you think 100% cash upfront, or 70% cash up front. I know it was, yeah, exactly, yeah. Bit of a trick question, because it's, what's, what's the multiple, right? Remember Zach over there on that 5x business he can only loan at three times? EBITDA, okay, so if you go to somebody and you say, I'd light a 6.2 multiple, okay? And I want a 6.2 multiple. I want to be paid 100% cash up front, and I want to be gone within 90 days, okay, Kyle, would you buy a business that does that? No, never in a million years. What you just told me was, if you need 100% cash up front, what does that make me think about, what's going to happen to the business after I buy

Speaker  897872:00
it? Zeros going down, right? It's got to be right. Okay, that's why you need the cash up front. And

Speaker  899248:00
if you're not needed, and you got to be out in 90 days, what is that telling me about how valuable you are? Okay, so I got a business that's not valuable, and I got a person that's not valuable to that business, that's not valuable, and you want a 6.2 multiple. So when we educate people going through this process, don't look just at if you look here, if I'd asked for an all cash deal on this exact business, turns out, I would have been lucky to get a four or a four and a half multiple? Well, if you take 6.2 times point eight, we got a 4.9 multiple, and the meter is still running for 20% so the reason why you probably are going to have some of this deferred out is it shows confidence to a buyer, and they want to know that if I just gave Kyle $5 million dollars, and it was all cash up front, but, oh sure, Kyle said he agreed to work for two more years, okay, for five grand a month salary, Kyle's going to be with Leslie and Bali, right? Because he's got no skin in the game. Okay? So you're almost always going to have some amount of your in order to get to a premium valuation. Some of it, by definition, has to be deferred, because Zach has to go to the bank, and he can only borrow three times at the bank, and then the money gets really, really expensive, because it's what's called equity money versus debt money. But the second thing is, is that I want to buy from somebody that's going to make sure that they're around long enough to continue growing it, and I want to buy from somebody that I know after I give them a big check, that they aren't just going to walk away from the business. Okay, so be conditioning your mind not to think of what percentage is cash, but think about what multiple is cash, and what multiple is non cash, or what multiple is guaranteed and what multiple is contingent? Okay, so in this instance, this this buyer, and this was our client. They're betting on themselves. Look at this. They got a three and a half multiple. They only took 60% of cash, so that's only 2.1 multiple, but they're on a trajectory where they got 25% repeat buyers, they got high margin, and they can see that it's going like this. And so they're like, hey, I want it over the next three years. That's that was, we proactively designed the structure based on the forecast of what the client said. And they said, I know I can get to a five multiple if I structure it this way, but I can't get a buyer to pay me a five multiple right now for this particular business, but that's how you have to start thinking about the value. Part of this is the d to c conversation, and part of it is just getting you conditioned as an owner. Because when you said two to three years, I'll just pick on you a little bit. Did you mean that you then want to go work for another buyer for two more years after that? Well, I

Speaker  945327:59
mean, I figure that I'm going to have to, I'm hoping that I'm going to be working less than I'm working now those next because, yeah, that's part of the goal of selling the business for years, is to be working a little less. Are people usually working less like during that time, are they usually, yes, working the same. So the

Speaker  950805:19
way I think about it is, if you draw it out on a timeline, right, you're working really, really, really, really hard for three years. And then what will happen is, in the first 60 days after you do the transaction action, you'll be working as hard as you ever have, because you're trying to hand off everything while still running the business. And then what happens is you scale down to a strategic level, which still may be 40 hours a week if you have a lot of money rolling on it, right? If you think about this, there's still a couple million dollars here. So you know, if you get paid, you know, two, $3 million for 12 to 18 months worth of work. That's pretty good pay. So I think of it as you go down to sane and you get more strategic. Now, we've designed deals where people are, one of them rolled equity for 20% and within 90 days, they were at 15 hours a week. That was the criteria. I said, I'm only selling the business if I can. You know, within 90 days I've got it all set up and running. I have all my SOPs in place. I want to hand it off to you, and I want to focus solely on new product development. So it was hard to find a buyer that we could do it. We got it done. So what I encourage you is to be flexible about it, but recognize that the buyer doesn't want to be dependent on you two years from now, anyway, so it's actually bad for them. If you stay at 40 or 50 hours a week, they want it to naturally, you know, kind of curve down. So, yes, you will doesn't happen in the first 60 or 90 days, but it will happen over time. And more importantly, it's not only the hours will go down, but just what you're working on will be far more strategic. One of the transactions that we did with an MDS member is still staying on and working with the buyer Three years later, because, you know, let's say he's getting paid, you know, a buck and a half, you know, a year for 15 hours worth of work and benefits. So it's like, okay, I can put 15 hours worth of work in, I can have good family life, and that benefits is probably worth another fifth, 40 or 50,000 a year for me in terms of benefit package. Now I'm sold my company, and I'm letting my money, you know, increase in my, you know, my investments. So that's another reason that I always like people to stay around a little bit, is because take some time to figure out what you want to go do next, but don't feel like you have to go make money every month in order to do that.

Speaker  988650:40
Any questions on this?

Speaker  989226:40
So these are under ideal situations. Everything goes well, you know. But based on your experience, how realistic I mean? How I mean, I don't want exact numbers, but I'm sure there are deals that don't go as planned. Then you get, you know, 60, 7060, 70% cash, and then you're chasing him for your 20, 30% to get back right? How often does that happen? Yeah, a bit of a risk

Speaker  996512:00
is. It definitely is a risk. I would say to you this way. First of all, these were deals that we did this year. So this isn't like three year old data, but rolled equity transactions tend to have less problems than earn outs. It doesn't mean there's zero risk, but you've kind of diversified your upside. So it definitely is a risk, and you need to kind of vet your buyers. The one thing I'll mention is, let's just take this let's take this example over here, because I didn't kind of stay on the side of the street, but the buyer is buying. I would say there's two times that you can sell your company. One is when it's growing and it's going well, and the second whose one is not going well and there's no buyers, which brings us back to, I could really only sell a business when it's going well. So we have somebody right now. They're actually about two and a half million of EBITDA, but the principle still applies. They're growing at about 25% a year, 20% a year right now. Okay? And they said, Well, maybe I should not sell and have any risk here. And I said to them, no, and what they're afraid of is, what happens if it goes down? Right? The answer, if it goes down is that, if it continues to go up, it was a great idea to sell, and if it goes down, it was even a better idea to sell. Why is that?

Speaker  1020442:40
Because you got your best variation, you

Speaker  1021210:40
got the higher mobile

Speaker  1021482:40
and you got more out. Yeah, forget about the 20% I mean, that's gone by now. You got a 4.9 multiple on a business because somebody bought a story. You level out that exact same business is worth three and a half multiple at best, right? So I'm not saying bear too much risk, but what I want to do is kind of get a holistic conversation of what is risk, right? Most people don't want to roll equity because they go, Oh, if it starts to go down, that's not good. And the answer to that is, don't, then pick a smaller percentage, but don't think that you're going to get it down to zero, because you're not going to find an all cash buyer, except for a bottom feeder that's paying a lower multiple. And even if the business does this, it still could have been the right decision to sell, even though your rolled equity isn't worth as much. All of that notwithstanding, the rule of thumb is, you know, the only thing you can count on is cash at closing, but the rest of it, you have to vet your buyer. And just, you know, you know, you know, really make sure that you feel that you not only agree with the buyer, but what's their strategy? What are they going to go do with it? Are they going to grow it? Are they going to take it public? What are they going to go do? And you have to vet that particular store. And then make sure that they have the financial strength to make sure that you get paid. Okay, I just want to show one last thing, and then we'll if people have any questions others, we'll wrap it up. So when you sell your company, when they have to go to what they call this investment committee, they have to create what they call a value creation plan. It's called a VCP, and what it basically is, is that whoever is sponsoring the I think it's the right idea to buy a Kyle's company for $10 million has to fill out a 35 to 50 slide deck and say, here's the recommendation to the committee, and they have to create something called a value creation plan, which is, after we buy them for 25 million, how are we going to get it to 75 million? And they literally have to build out the plan of how it's going to grow. And there's really only three things that they can do. They can double the Ibo. We call that operational improvement. They can arbitrage the multiple. They can get to a higher multiple, and they can pay down the debt by using the cash to fund the business, so that the equity people make more money. So it's going to have those three components. And what they have to do is they have to come in and say, here's the baseline, here's the strategic plan and the initiatives that we're going to launch, okay, big picture stuff. We're going to go on to Chewie. We're going to get to Walmart. We're going to go here. Here's the operational plan of how we're going to do it. Here's the expected growth and expansion that we're going to get. And then, before we exit, here's how we're going to prep the company for exit. And then here's what our exit is going to be. Okay, so if the buyer is going to do that, because that shows their buyer. I call it the buyer's buyer, how they're going to get their money out. Why wouldn't we want to do that before we go sell? So that's like the lasting takeaway that I want you to before we leave here. And we call it a value creation or a value enablement plan. Make it your plan. And here's the way to think about it, is start thinking in terms if I said to you, what does double your company mean? What does that mean to you?

Speaker  1075776:00
Mean double revenue,

Speaker  1076144:00
double revenue? Okay, what does it mean double revenue? I'm going to double I'm double my company. Maybe it means double my profit. Yep, double my profit, right? Yep, it's going to be double my revenue or double my profit. What's that double my growth rate? Yeah, could mean that all. No, there's no wrong answers here. I'm going to add a new one. Let's start using double your value as your North Star. Because if that's what you're going to do, and that's where 80% of it is going to come, I'm going to start thinking about what doubles my value. Well, we've even talked all of the things that we talked about, double revenue, double profit and double growth. What was the first thing I said we could do to increase the value of your company? Half the risk. Don't double the risk, get the risk in half. And so when we're doing valuation planning with people before they go, as you can see over here, we've got a chart that says, Okay, how are we doing on scale, how we doing on profit, how we doing on growth, how we do it on concentration, how are we doing on cash efficiency, and how are we doing on omni channel? Okay, and if you notice by these little arrows here, not everything has the same impact on the multiple. So think about it from the fact that it's your EBITDA, x times y equals z, so x is your profit, y is your multiple equals z, which is your value. Okay, well, most people think of their valuation planning, or they think about their growth strategy as just what we just talked about. How do I grow revenue? How do I grow a profit? But if you start incorporating as either, think of yourself as the CEO of the company, responsible for selling the company really in the metric that you care about, part of which is doubling your growth, and part of it which is doubling your your scale, which is your revenue. But there's other factors that come into it that help you double your value. So if you said, Hey Scott, you know, give me a give me a lens on how I want to be thinking about that maybe I wasn't thinking about when I walked in. I would say, think of your job as the head of your company is to be the chief value creator, and how can I double the value of my company? And oftentimes, what it means is that you might do things differently than if you were just trying to double revenue. And if, let's say, you got a hero SKU, well, the easiest way to double the revenue is maybe to add a bunch of parent SKU or variations around that one SKU, and if that was your North Star, you'd say, well, then that's all I need to do. But then you get out to the marketplace and you can't get over a three multiple because you got 80% concentration risk if you're using double your value, you go, Okay, I still want to add those variations, but I better get five to 10 more new products out there. Otherwise I'm not going to. I'm. And make my company more valuable. I'm just going to make it bigger. Okay? And so this is one of, like, the tools that we use to help people kind of get that framework. And it's just kind of, you know, roughly, you know, none of the data is in here is, is more illustrative. But the point is, is that there's certain things that move your numbers and certain things that move your multiple, most people aren't thinking about moving their multiple. And so I'm going to skip through all of this last topic, but it basically is when you go to sell, some of the things that you can't do that your buyer can do, is what makes somebody strategic? So maybe you want to exit to somebody that already has wholesale retail down because they go, Oh, wow. Now I can just add that in. And there's a whole bunch of synergies that we go through when we're trying to understand that. And then I'm just going to come down here to the the last one is focus on the big picture, 8020 rule is that your exit needs to be a part of it, and then don't feel like the current market is there's no buyers out there for your company. The last one, there are life changing exits that are out there. Zach will tell you we're as busy as we've been. You know, in a long time, there are buyers out there looking to buy companies, and Bill works a lot with MDS. But if you want to talk about things individually and think about how you do things individually, there's my contact info. Just hit me up at Scott, at northbound group.com, today, two years from now, whatever it happens to be that you're thinking about wanting to dive in a little bit deeper, and I guess Lastly, Thanks Ian for coordinating that you.
