Morris Sued
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1328:00
So how many people here are using creator connection on Amazon? Okay, awesome. So then whoever's not using it, I'm gonna give you just a quick value add on what you should be doing, something that I started doing, and it's been just a no brainer, getting me additional sales. So a little bit about me, married three kids. I'm a proud dog owner. I live in Brooklyn, New York. The category that I'm in is in the apparel and footwear space. We sell branded apparel, so we represent brands like Sperry and Reebok and Carhartt and you know, brands of that nature. And we also own our own private label brand called Gold Standard Amazon ads versus creators commission most brands on you know, if you're getting an ACOs of 20% that's something that you're super happy with, with creators connection. You could set up something with the 15% which is considered very, very generous, and you're getting real, or you're getting articles, editorials, depending on who picks up your your campaign, you're getting real social proof, which is, you know, staying online for a lot longer than this, the one click sale that you're getting for out of 20% so Here's how to set up a Winning Campaign in just a few minutes. Campaign titles, you want to be very descriptive so that they could find you. So like for holiday time, I'm making sure to add holiday items 15 on $15 and under. So for here, I put in my title for my gold standard. Meet the gold standard of shoe care, top rated sneaker cleaners and protectors. So you want to put in, like, bullet points about either a price point, what makes you special? Why should they feature your product be, you know, putting keywords and other items that you think they're going to be searching. Number two is the brand product and description. You want to just keep it short. Most people aren't reading that, so it helps to filter the right creators. So just a little, a little information about your brand. What are some of the goals you're trying to accomplish? And again, we'll make your product different than others. I've always, I've stayed away from free samples. I just feel like there's this people who want to apply just to get free product. That's not the kind of people I'm looking to attract with these campaigns. So I just put it in bold in the first line, no free samples. You know, I don't want to be bothered with that kind of influencers. However, there are people. What they'll do is they'll use a Google form to collect all the you know these influencers information, and now they have an email address, a phone number, and all information that they could hopefully follow up to gain some sort of you know, relationship with these influencers to do other things so you could play it both ways. Don't offer a discount code for the same reason. I don't offer free samples. I've never offered discount code. I've done in the past, and you're just getting discount seekers. You're getting Facebook groups that are offering your product at a discount. So again, it depends who you're trying to influence who you're trying to cater towards or to, you know, to get so for me, I'm not looking to get people to play posting it in Facebook groups and all. I'm staying away from Discount Codes, staying away from free samples. Budget for the budget, it's very important. Again, it doesn't mean you're going to use it, but set something super large up, because that's how you're going to get the bigger editorials and websites to pick up your article. I'll normally set up a budget of, like, $50,000 it's not going to be your actual spend, but it shows him that this guy's serious and that he has, you know, he could spend the money commission rates. So like I said, 15% is considered very good. 20% is super competitive. 10% is average. I normally try to stay at the 15% like I said, if I'm getting an A cost of 20% on a product, I'm super happy. So now I'm paying 15% I'm right in the middle. I'm very, very happy. And not only that, but now I'm getting articles where people are going to be finding it from, you know, some pretty cool, cool sites. Like I was looking through the list of who accepted my campaign since I set it up in the beginning of the year. And it was amazing. Always make sure to choose a lot the longest duration, because again people, again, the serious editorials and the serious creators aren't picking up a product that you're just running for a month, and then they have to redo it again. So the longer you could set it for, that's what you should be doing. I think, I think the minimum, I think there is a maximum on the amount of time. I don't think you could set it up for, like, two years, three years, I think there is a maximum amount of time. I don't, I don't recall what that was, but I remember getting an error when I tried to create it for too long of a time, and why this works better. So here's just, like, an example. This is something I set up in the beginning of, you know, for my private label brand, there was on $174 we made $1,200 in sales. So, you know, it was just with a click of a buy in setting up a campaign. It's all free sales. And now I have articles that you could find from a bunch of these different top rated. Sites online. So the three takeaways that I hope you saw from this is social proof, converts consumers trust influences more than Amazon ads. Again, these are, you know, top five product lists, all different types of art websites and and creators of that, of that nature. Again, when I did run it with discounts. I saw different types of creators accepting it, so that's why I always try to say, stay away from the discounts. You're gonna you'll, you'll, you'll be getting the wrong type of creators. And then number two is brand awareness. Awareness, your product gets placed in organic, high traffic content sites and long term sales growth, unlike paid ads influences. Content keeps selling for months of the years, and that's really it. Again. Just a few quick tips I think that are super, super important. And like the takeaways, is making sure that you're setting a high budget commission rate, you know, 15, 20% is super good. Making sure you set the long duration and then the title and all just to make sure you're keyword stuffing that and putting relevant information why people are gonna pick up your campaign? Do you have access to the creator's content? So some of them are able to put links where you could see the article. There are, like, I noticed a bunch that I wasn't able to see the actual article. My page is perfect there. So, like, I could see that, like, slick deals picked it up, but I couldn't see a page where slip deals, you know, actually link to it. Have you used like, levanta or wayward who are, like, trying to get their like, tenfold into this, like, creator connection? Yes, I haven't used levanta. I was just too cheap to pay for it. I don't know what the benefit is of using them for creator connection. Like, why not just do it yourself. There would maybe just for, like, keeping track of it all. But now, with the new attribution and all, you don't really have an issue of double dipping with these creators and having to worry about that. So I did it just from my private label brand. So this is just for the gold standard. So so once in let's see if I had a picture of it. But underneath this section over here, there's going to be a section that shows you your underneath this section, after you put this in, there's a section that you select which ASINs are included in the offer. So do you offer one? So I offered everything from that brand. That's what I did, even different products. So in that brand, it was just shoe care. So it was all shoe care related things. So I would try to keep it like, yeah, keep it towards a specific niche. Because again, most of these articles and things they're writing are for specific type prod.

Speaker  119797:20
Something, just to keep in mind, is that with the six month minimum, once you set the campaign, you can't delete it, yeah. So if you wanted, if you saw that at 10% you weren't getting any traction, you're stuck with this. Get 10% for the six months. So first, make sure you figure out what the right permission is, and then set your long term campaign. Very, very good idea. So can we set another campaign? You can,

Speaker  126666:40
but I don't know if you'll overlap,

Speaker  126954:39
though. Yeah, that was something that I always wondered, like, are you gonna pay double the commission? Because now you're launching

Speaker  128512:00
more than one game? I just don't think so, because, especially now with Amazon, so you know, specifically saying about not using multiple attributions, I don't. I think now a lot of those issues are resolved, but again, I'm not, I can't tell you 100% whatever one, whoever wants to test Yeah, and let us know.

Speaker  133087:59
So on the question about the length of the campaign, like, what is the ideal lens of

Speaker  134533:20
the campaign I would, I personally would do the maximum, but again, I would be careful, because once you said it, it's you can't. There's no way of deleting the campaign, and you can't lower the budget to, like, zero. Like, I had an issue where I forgot to change a title on one of them, and it was, like, stuck with that. Like, you know, that was, uh, how it was. So

Speaker  139050:40
once the campaign ends, like, oftentimes I still have creators, like, coming to me after the campaign ends and be like, can I still like, will that work? Like, Will everything

Speaker  142106:40
steal? I don't think they'll get their commission. No, they're not okay. Yeah,

Speaker  143066:40
they're not gonna be able to post their video there. Like, maybe it would work where the video would come up on the product detail page and it shows up, this earns commission, but it wouldn't be subjected to the commission that you said in the game.

Speaker  147328:00
Okay, so they're not gonna get it. They're not gonna get it. I can't tell you. Okay, it would work

Speaker  148784:00
differently. I also had another question, awesome. Oh, somebody. So you set your campaign with no free samples, and then you were saying that you reach out, you get their information. I

Speaker  153221:20
said, No, so I don't do that. I don't like dealing with the free samples. Other people I know that do or do ask for samples are including a link to request free samples, or when they message you through that you know through the app, you could maybe send them a link there Terms and Conditions. I'm not 100% sure about how to deal with it,

Speaker  158106:40
right, but you're requesting their emails and shipping addresses again. Once

Speaker  158938:40
you're giving them a Google form, you can request whatever you want from them, and. It's,

Speaker  160000:00
it's fine to lead them to a Google form, I don't know, like according to

Speaker  161120:00
Amazon, I'm not sure you, I would look into that if you're that, if you're planning on doing that, I personally don't do it again. I just realized I I've just been seeing the types of influencers that you are going to get towards your campaign when you're offering free samples that are just not the right types of creators, right? Okay, cool, awesome. You.
