4. Andrei Ureche
Date: July 09, 2025

Speaker  1280:00
Foreign Hi guys, thanks for having me. I'm not the best speaker, so that's not very good, so we have to work around that. I forgot my hoodie at home, and I'm really cold, so I really need that MDS merge. So if you clap like crazy, gonna hook you up everyone with 100 bucks bonus on telemetrics. So the goal was to tear down a listing, and I said, What if we try to actually rebuild it and try to show you how this will look, per my imagination and my team, okay, you know the drill. So I'm Amazon Seller since 2017 sub 2 million sales, seven people on the team. And I like to think that I understand what people think and how they behave. I have a huge ADHD, so that kind of problem, but also occurs and the superpower so the product is Mike's patron sleepover cushion to your down sleepover cushion. Okay, slip Pavo, so where do we start? We need some context on the product, right? So this is a cushion, a sitting cushion for people with tailbone problems. It's memory foam. It's pretty simple. People who have that pain, usually it's after 35 age old. But can happen to anyone. Now. We have to define this, the listing sentiment, right? So what's your first impression? The first two five seconds, right? If it feels off, they're gone in two five seconds, right away. So the you don't have a chance after that. So you have to hook the people right away to your listing. So how do you make that? Give them an offer that they can say no, right? They feel stupid if they leave. So the most important thing is the offer price, right? So look, this is a simple listing, and this is basic, basic stuff. Basically, if you don't have the list price, your offer looks very, very simple. You need the list price because you can optimize as much as you want, but customers will always judge you as a wholesome it's never just the price or just the product or just the images. You need to have something that works really well together. You need a harmony, right? So this thing will really help to fix your pricing, how it appears to everyone. Once that's done, we can move forward. So this is the old stack. What's your overall feel like? To me, it feels a little bit outdated. It's kind of cold, the blue colors feel kind of chilly. It's too much visual noise, and it's too much features driven. And this is the new one that we did. The thing is that we did everything that you see here with AI. There was no photography, nothing. We didn't took anything from Michael, except a source file of we used this thing and I took at home a few pictures my help myself on the floor, just to have it to feed to GPT. And this is the results. Of course, I just adjusted this tiny thing because this thing, GPT actually spelled it correctly. Oh, and it has an it had an double f, so I had to Photoshop that, but everything else, there's nothing that was generated by humans. Everything is AI, completely 100% I never did that before, but I said, let me try, because we didn't had time with the team to take photography, and I didn't have the budget, because this was a basically a bonus, a free gift. So the idea of everything was to make it modern, to make it clean warm, to balance the visual and to build on benefits and emotions, not on features, because features is like, Okay, what do we have? Is just numbers, right? That's it. So let's take it one by one, main image. I actually think that our image is better. But in split tests, his image, actually, in some of them, was winning, and I'll explain you why. But if you look at them closely, when you open the listing, his image. Kind of feels a little bit cheaper, because the product is actually very good. I have the product at home. It's good. I would say that. I would give it eight out of 10, right? It's pretty solid. Okay, we put a 10 on a blue lemon product, right? So it's a good product. It's well done. Feels good. It's nice. Maybe it maybe doesn't have the best package, but it's it's okay, it's a pillow. But in photography, he didn't invest it a lot in photography, so you can feel that. And I thought the hand is a little bit extra over there. Is unknown. It the blue thing, actually, because it's kind of like what I'm trying to say with the hand. I thought the arrows look kind of weird and unnecessary, but I was wrong, because in a split test, people were actually divided. So some were saying that, Oh, I really, it gives me an understanding. I perceive it as, really, as a cooling effect, that it gives a cooling effect. It was like, Oh, wow. So actually, that is the thing. That's why, in some split tests, he is winning with that image, not because of the quality of the image, because this one, even if it's AI, it looks so much sharper. It's neat, it's clean, but it has a few issues, and one of them, it doesn't feel it doesn't give you an impression that it will cool you down, even though that's not the main goal of this product. This product main goal is to alleviate the pain from a coccyx, coccyx issue right the tailbone. So we tried it like that, and then we run a few tests. Okay? So comes that AB testing leads to new insights, like, what a surprise. So I don't know if we have time to open each one of them, but I can try and let's see. So first one, when we were split testing in a search simulation with other sellers, my version was winning, but when I was doing it and maybe testing me versus him, I was losing to him. So it's like, okay, why is that? So if you look, he's beating me 58 by 42% and the overall sentiment was that our product feels more stiff, not as comfortable, and not giving the cooling effect, right? And you're like, Well, really, and it's because of these things, because he's one his looks more economic, right? So ergonomics was the thing that they perceived as giving you the comfort, even though it's not true, but that's what it is, that what it looks like, and then the cooling effect. So then we went and we photoshopped the shit out of this thing, and we squished it, we added that thing, and then when we split test it again, we've lost again, but we now lost with the 55 versus 46% and all the gold is in the details. You have to really analyze the results and understand why is that happening? Because there's always a result. There's always a reason why that happens. So I was like, again. Now this one also feels comfortable when you read the negatives and the positive and stuff like that, but the cooling effect, those freaking arrows are still helping him. So I'm like, Okay, let's go again. So I'm like, what if I color it Ouch? What if I color it in blue? And when you look at a blue you're like, oh, it gives you the cooling effect. So I hope it's updated. We tried to upload it, but it's too early to look at the sales, so unfortunately, I won't have that for you. So now we basically even even. But if you run at 100 this will probably win. And split testing is split testing, but the market is the market. You can split test as you want, and it can win 100 times, hundreds of times. It's the sales that will dictate. So you have to test, but you have to test in the real market as well. Okay,

Speaker  157786:40
so that's what I learned by doing all those things, right? Like running three split tests. So when we do those things for the customers, we run. I don't know, 20, 3040, split tests. Sometimes it can take a lot of time, and it's capital and time intensive. Second image, that's his second image. To me, it's too busy. There's too much copy. There's no clear caption, and he has a logo where it should be the copy is the logo. And then he has a very long copy, like, made for high quality memory foam to offer comfort and to help relieve back pain, tail bone pain, the sciatica, the cushion can so, like, who's reading that it's too much. And then he's repeating his own product again with and then he has three examples of the product. Sorry, Mike, I'm shooting on your product, but like you agreed. The other problem is that we know the insights from the owner that this thing, the wheelchair, is not helping him at all, so it has to go. And then those icons are not helping as well that much because they're tiny. You won't see them on a mobile they're not adding up. So what we did is we just removed the wheelchair and we added them home setting, office chair, airplane seat and virtual seat. This is AI Of course, if you do a real photography, it can be nicer. For example, you can see that the product here doesn't look 100% like it is, but I bet you money that nobody will see that. We recently did a product redesigned for a customer in cosmetics. His bottle is white. He asked us to do green. So it's a green product that sells a green bottle. They receive a white one. Nobody complains. So like nobody will see that you can run with that easily. So as you see, the new one has a clear caption. It's built to fit any chair right away, right in your head, and supports up to 275 pounds. It's an extra added feature at the end, right third image. Okay, so good. Has a clear caption, finally designed to fit most seats. Bad. This caption belongs to the previous image. You can put it here, designed to fit the most seats, not here. It has the sizes that's really good, bad shows logo two times again, and it's kind of boring, design wise, like those arrows, all that thing that distracting, like, look at this one, the new one, it's clean. And the most important thing, it combines two benefits right away. So it's built for comfort and made to last. So it's kind of like imprints in your brain that this gonna be comfortable and it will last a long time. You have the sizes, you have some features that will help you reiterate the benefit of the product, like the the quality, right? So it has the non skip base, removable cover, whatever, and the tailbone cut out. Fourth image, Okay, this one, all of those images could fit here. Actually, you can leave this thing up and put all those features here. So you could save a lot of things. There's so much space that could have been saved. And again, you have the logo. And why I'm always fighting with people who have the logo, it's because it grabs your attention where it shouldn't. It's good to brand and it's correct, like Neil Patel was saying, but you shouldn't brand on each image, like you brand with your product, you brand with your packaging, your brand with your messaging, but there's unnecessary to have your logo on specific any image, like they can steal your image and cut out the logo if they want. So it doesn't really help. And the new one, I don't know, how do you find it? I think it's pretty cool. Ergonomic shape softly cradles your body right to the point, if I would have time to do it, I would have sit someone on that chair to show how it cradles you. But we have that image actually in a different context. So fifth image, old, pretty simple. Could fit also in the second image. So we could have put that image here and then have something new, right? Because put it in an airport, okay, it gives you, like a subconscious idea that you can travel with it. But it's, it's clear, it's better to have a caption instead of that, right? And again, we have the logo and look at the new one, portable relief on the go, clear, nice. I think it's beautiful. And again, this is AI as well. Sixth image. His images are done. He has only four images. This is actually the image that we used for the second place. This is our second image that we use in the set. So this image is good because it's addressing the main point of the product. This product is made to relieve you from the pain from the tailbone, and it has like four features as well. It clearly show what the product does and has the sits like clean and easy. Seventh image, higher density memory foam never flattens out, stays firm use after use. Clean, simple, understandable. Eighth image, better posture, less pain, simple, three, clear call outs, clean, visual presentation, then I hope that the warranty can stay, and for the a plus premium to show it to you, we can

Speaker  254554:40
open it. So as you see, we have still the orange one.

Speaker  257216:00
Okay. Okay, so we did also redesign the brand story, and we added a few, a few nice cards. All of these things should just give you a better impression and like increase the perception and the quality of the product, at least I hope so.

Speaker  264437:20
So as you see again, we're using the same graphics, but we're just changing the tone and the copy slightly, right? So kind of saying the same thing, but in a different way.

Speaker  269162:40
You see, we see we're saying here, engineered for long term support, simple, and we have a few sliders so

Speaker  273328:00
support wherever you sit. Simple again, the same thing. We have this one, real stories, real comfort, and then we add with an emotional kind of thing. And if I would be Michael, I would trademark this one, because seating shouldn't hurt made to help you feel better day after day or every day. And That's it, simple, easy, nice. Do you like it? Guys? Okay, that's good.

Speaker  283333:20
Exactly. The first one. So make the offer so irresistible, they will feel dumb saying no, right. Always think like that. Make sure listing is not outdated, more clear benefits and features. Quickly iterate ideas with AI and just test, test, test, test, and use AI more. It's really useful. I was surprised that we could really build the listing completely without any photography, because I'm always the guy that let's do some photos. You can you can get away. So that's the bonus. We can create one free image for you guys, one main image, and you get 100 bucks bonus for seller metrics. That's it. Thank you very much.

Speaker  296869:20
Oh yeah.

Speaker  297413:20
Are you using STP data or opportunity and score to get all the keywords and all the data for the images. How are you deciding just because you like it? How do you know that's really spot in traffic?

Speaker  300522:40
Oh, that's a very good question, but not really, because we we don't have that data often. We can get it, of course, from the customer. But my concern is, like, you remove the wheelchair, but how do you know the wheelchair minded? Because Michael told me that he's not converting for the keyword, never worked for him in PPC.

Speaker  306336:00
Ah, okay, got it.

Speaker  306656:00
And, you know, like I noticed that a lot of those best sellers, so what I do instead, I analyze the top sellers. Always, I'm looking what they're doing, what's working for them, and what you notice like, you don't really want to do in those niche. So if you want to, if you go in that niche, you have to go, like, seriously. And so it depends, esthetically wise, where you want to go with the listing. Like, we prefer to have it clean and nice. And we actually mocked another one is C cushion. Probably heard about them, we try to mimic their kind of like, they sell a cushion at like 79 bucks, sells like crazy. Probably do a lot of marketing, but it's, it's really nice and and they use very nice language. It's always benefits, and there's always that simple sophistication in their language. When they write the benefits. It's like. It cradles your body so you feel like you're like, on foam, on cloud nine, like, right, not on a pillow. But it really works. Any more questions?

Speaker  323072:00
Maybe I missed it. But did you have any data about like, when his conversion rate was before you made the changes and after? Or have you just recently made a change.

Speaker  326085:20
The last blue image is not even updated. We were just changing it now. Okay, so yesterday, stay tuned. Yeah, the idea of this presentation wasn't to show you like, how well our images sell. We just showed you how we can redesign it and like, so

Speaker  330101:20
when you say you designed it with AI that the actual word. Did you just do the images with AI and then you gave it to a Photoshop person that actually so

Speaker  332650:40
we have a designer on team. What I did, I generated all the AI images, right? We sat down, we did the mood board. I kind of knew what I want, the look and feel. I generated those images, I gave it to the designer. She implemented them. That's it. But

Speaker  337040:00
the actual all those arrows with like down the spine on the back that was done with a person, right? And that AI did design, that

Speaker  339024:00
AI did everything in that image, including the words No, no. Copy is us. Design is us, but those arrows are not us like this. So this is AI, this is us, this is us. And these four lines, this is Ai 100.

Speaker  344533:20
You resized it to bins in the parameters,

Speaker  345125:20
yeah, the image is pretty big, and there's some tricks you can resize AI, pretty good by

Speaker  346677:20
what are you using for the

Speaker  347194:40
this is chat GPT. Chat GPT, nothing more than that. Like you shouldn't go crazy. There's funnels, there's a lot of thing. But like chat GPT can do a lot of stuff. It's about how you use it and how to prompt it. That's the thing.

Speaker  350938:40
What was the bomb that she is? Was it by image? Or did you go

Speaker  352426:40
you have to subscribe. No, I'm joking. I actually stole an image that I liked. I fed it to GPT, and I said, do something like that. And I did it, like, probably, like, 50 times until I got something. It takes a lot. It takes a little bit of time, and sometimes they won't do it because Michael said that she looks good. So sometimes they can GPT. Can flag you for whatever, it's too cute, too sexy, and stuff like that. So they can cut it down. But you can try again and try again. And is this, it's not worth trying to fight with GPT. If it says that it can generate just up and down the chat store a new one, it will work again. And the best thing that I discovered is actually to write, to ask GPT to write a prompt for you. He will teach himself how to do it. It's so much better. You tell what you want with your words, and I was able with my broken English. Now imagine you guys like, it's so much easier. You don't

Speaker  369744:00
want to load up competitor listings and then say, take this information. You know, I all this story.

Speaker  371712:00
I didn't have the time to go as much. But when we do, we do a more in depth analysis. I thought this is an easy job, right? Because I thought that the thing is that he had good information, that listing was well built, but he neglected a few things. For example, he doesn't have a video. He has only four images, but it was a great listing, maybe seven, eight years ago, right? So he was selling like crazy before. The problem is that time passes in market. How long it taken? Took me probably a week. And something

Speaker  383210:40
secondly is this release words that you wrote in the the graphic index that did you have to put something on the back end of April,

Speaker  386080:00
excuse me, the words they put on image, yeah, they index. Or you have to put something. You have put those same work on the back end of the April three.

Speaker  388592:00
This is not a plus. This is the image stack, this version, yeah, but I have the a plus as well. The one that you showed us, I don't believe that Amazon will index those keywords. I tried, by the way, I tried to write the keywords in the a plus we have. Amazon doesn't index anything. So it doesn't really matter. You have your bullets, you have your title, you have your keywords in clothing, by the way, they don't index. Actually your keywords in the back end as well. So, but yeah, AI can do like this hat. This was the hardest one to make. This was probably five takes or seven takes the. Most important you want to get your product right. Do like five angles of it, or like four angles, like a few pictures, very clear and fed it to him and say, This is my product. This is a product I like. They can generate, but, yeah, the tool is the tool, and

Speaker  404448:00
the person that's operating is pretty important too, but you can do it, guys, thank you very much. You.
