MDS Expert Call with CapEc 
Date: February 25, 2025

Speaker  00:00
And wait for like five minutes to have everyone join, and then we'll start. Okay, I just sent out a couple of messages reminding people so we should have some people joining them. I

Speaker  9733:20
That's a nice hat. Bencie, I don't have an MDS hat yet. Just beating hopefully we'll get someone inspired this year. You

Speaker  20640:00
I'll wait just a couple more minutes, and don't let me forget to record this, because it's not being recorded right now. And I want everyone to be able to see this at their own time, too. I

Speaker  31754:40
I'm going to start recording now, and you can start whenever you like, whenever you hear, okay, just like, just a sec. Okay, I'm gonna start recording now. Welcome everyone. We're here with CapEc today, for mastering cash flow, for unstoppable growth. Thank you, Nadav, for being here with us today. Thank

Speaker  39749:20
you for having me. It's great being here. You want me to start?

Speaker  41557:20
Start and share your screen? Yes, sorry, I was muted. Okay. Good.

Speaker  44842:40
Okay, do you guys see the presentation?

Speaker  45722:40
Yes, okay,

Speaker  45994:40
wonderful. Hi everyone. I'm Nadav from CapEc. Today I'm going to talk about cash flow and how to grow your business in a steady manner and stress free, also very hard to do these days on Amazon and in general. Little bit about myself. I've been selling on Amazon for over a decade. I've built over 444 brands, seven figures. Originally. I came from the IT world. I started a large cloud service provider in Israel. I exited that and that's when I came into E commerce, always creating new businesses. Love this industry. Love the fact that you can create great brands and have such power of selling to 400 million customers on amazon.com and basically, if you do it right, you can really scale to huge revenues and exit your business. A little bit about CapEc. I started CapEc About three years ago as a seller. Sellers would always come to me for investments, usually for inventory, and when growing our brands and managing inventory is always the hardest thing. Most of our capital is always invested in inventory, and therefore it's always a cash flow problem to be able to meet the demand, and the demand is usually very dynamic. On on Amazon's platform, you can scale times four times five times 10 in a single year, and you always have to keep fighting to have that inventory in stock in order to grow your business. Therefore, when I was as a seller, looking for solutions myself, most of the finance world is based on standard term loans and personal guarantees, which don't always have a solution for everyone. And we wanted to create a product that gives a lot more to the sellers. Basically, I wanted to be able to invest in Amazon businesses and allowing them to grow without having to take equity in the business and things like that. So in CapEc, we're a real partner. We basically partner with our sellers on their inventory. Purchases will will pay for up to 75% of the inventory, and the repayments are made as the product gets sold, which creates very steady cash flow. And also, there's no personal guarantees, there's no credit checks. The only collateral we take is that inventory, therefore we're real partners and real investments in the businesses that we work with, and we bring our know how and capabilities for improving your entire chain of logistics, whether it's when we underwrite the product, when we underwrite your store, we're looking at that that the products profitable, that It makes sense. And this way, we can actually partner with you on that product and help you even in bad times, if something happens, we're invested more in the product than the store itself, so we're very committed to making the sales success and that product, it gets sold one why is it important to work with funding? As I mentioned, when you're growing, you're growing very fast and dynamic, and funding is a crucial part of any business. I mean even the largest companies in the world, either they go public or they have banks, they use funding, and you cannot really scale your business without external capital, because no matter how much you're making on your product, it's never going to meet the growth potential of your business. So you always need that extra funding to grow, and most businesses fail because of cash flow problems, or they run out of cash, and that's why it's very important to really understand cash flow, understand your capital needs, understand your growth potential, and then Create the right plan and the right solution so that you can meet that today, we're going to talk about proven strategies of how to improve your cash flow and still have all the inventory you need in stock, how to scale at A minimum risk to your own personal assets and choosing the right type of financing that will give you a stress free environment to scale your business and to really get the best potential you can from your product. So when talking about cash flow and in general, we need to understand our Roi. Roi is return on investment. Anytime we're investing in a business, whether it's actual money or even our time, we're investing in in an investment, just like you would invest in putting your money in the bank and a CD and get a 4% return, or put it in the stock market and get a 10% return when we're investing in our Amazon store. Obviously, we're looking to make 100 to 200 or even more percent return on on our investment. So ROI is the return on investment, and you need to understand what you're investing in. So in Amazon space, especially if you're a private label seller, most of your capital is invested in inventory, which includes cost of goods, the inventory we manufacture, the packaging, the shipping. It's called the landed cost of that product. That's our cost of goods. And then the money that it cost us to get those goods is the money we invested in. And then the ROI is our return on investment, meaning how much profit are we going to get from selling that product after Amazon took all their fees, all their part, after our marketing costs, what's our net profit on the product we bought? And very, very important for ROI is the timeline, the cash flow. When will we get our return on investment if we bought a house and we have, we know we're going to hold it for five years and then sell it. So our return on investment will be five years from now, when we're buying inventory and when we're manufacturing inventory, usually from the day we did our purchase order, till we sold it off. We'll take anywhere between nine to 12 months, maybe a little bit faster, but that's the timeline that we need to know, that our return on investment will only come in about nine, nine months from now. So when looking at return on investment, there's short term return on investment and long term return on investment. This is very important to understand when calculating and building steady cash flow and organized cash flow in your business. So a short term ROI would be something like advertising, where you're buying ads today, it's creating immediate sales, and you get paid from those sales, usually a couple weeks later. So it's a very fast return on investment. It's easier, relatively, to create cash flow when you know you're getting your money back fast, long term return on investment is more like inventory, where we're investing money today and we're only going to start getting it back three to four months from now, when it starts selling on Amazon, and then it'll take another three to six months until we totally sold out that inventory and got our full return on investment. There's even a longer term return on investment, which is us, us investing in new product or launches or new marketplaces where there we're investing in operational cost or strategic investments that might take years until we really start, start getting a Return on that. So know exactly what type of investment you're making and what's the cash flow return on it, so that you can create the right plan for it, so that so you know exactly how that how that investment affects your cash flow, and when you're starting to get some return on that investment. I think this is the most important part when managing Amazon stores, when it comes to inventory,

Speaker  200629:19
this is the time frame. Everyone's familiar with it when you ask them, but when they put it into their cash flow. Not a lot of people manage very steady and organized cash flow. And therefore they fall, they fall here when it comes to understanding this. So when we're create, when we're manufacturing inventory, our investment is usually 30% day one, and then maybe 30 to 40 days later, the product's ready. We have to pay the remaining 70% and then we have shipping to pay to get that product into the US. And then when we start doing sales, anywhere between three to six months is when we'll actually start to get money back. And even here, you have to take into account, when does Amazon pay you two weeks later or more, and if there's reserves, then you won't get the full amount back immediately. So planning your cash flow and understanding this is very crucial, and in most cases, this represents 80% of your cash flow. I mean buying inventory and getting back from sales on that inventory is most of the problem we have with cash flow. So it's very important if we can have an organized plan of cash flow to really lower our stress. I'm sure anyone who's had an Amazon business has had those nights where he's not sleeping because tomorrow he has to pay his manufacturer and he doesn't have enough money in the bank, or he has to play his employees and he doesn't have enough money in the bank. Or things like this happen all the time. It's part of business, but the more we can plan for it, the more we understand how to do it right. We can really create a steady environment for growth that will totally eliminate the stress and allow us to deal only in positive growth and in what we're good at marketing and building our product and our brand. So here's an example of working with inventory purchases. Basically, we do our purchase order that always has that drop of having to pay that full amount of inventory, and then we ship it in, start doing marketing, and we start getting paid back, but immediately in more we have to go and make another purchase order, even before we sold off the entire amount of product that we bought. So in any given time, you're always going to have two to three purchase orders in parallel, just for a specific product, and hopefully you're growing your business. So those purchase orders are going to be bigger and bigger every time. So before you're even getting cash flow back from your first inventory purchase, you're going to find yourself having to invest new capital to enable to place an order for that new purchase order. So always, you're going to have this drop of minus that you're going to need more and more capital as you're growing your business. This is part of every Amazon or online store and and that's where it's very important to be able to see how you can find and have in advance this amount of financing that you need for your growth. Because the worst case that can happen is if you don't buy enough inventory, and if you don't have this cash flow organized, and then you find yourself running into stock outs. So everything you invested in creating organic positioning in your searches, all your investment in advertising, all your positioning on Amazon, you basically go and lose it because you ran out of inventory, which is really, there's no reason that should happen. So if you if you pick the if you have organized financials and cash flow that can meet those ups and downs of the E commerce space, then that's great. The biggest problem is, and now we see it all the time, is that people don't understand the different types of financing, and then you if you take the wrong type of financing, it can create a huge problem in your business. For example, if we go back to this timeline of inventory purchases, and we wanted to make a purchase order. Now for this inventory, let's say it's $100,000 day one. So we have to put $30,000 down, $70,000 when the product's ready, we ship it out for another 10,000 and then we start selling it, if we don't have enough money to do this purchase order, and we go to the bank even, and get a term loan. The bank will take time to approve you, but at the end, they might approve you, and they'll give you $100,000 great, if we got that $100,000 today, and let's say they gave us a 12 month term loan. Day one, we're going to go and deposit the $30,000 order our inventory. By the time the inventory is ready. Now, we have to pay $70,000 for the remaining inventory, but already here, after 30 days, the bank is already taking its first payment back. So from the $100,000 in most cases, they're going to take about $9,000 back on already here, and then another 9000 here and here. So by the time it arrives on the Amazon and we had to and we only started selling the product we're already Pat to pay back 20, 30% of the loan from money that we didn't really get any return on investment on yet. And this is where managing cash flow is so important. Because if you believe you have money because the bank gave you money, and then at the end of the day, cash flow wise, you can't meet the payments of the bank because it doesn't correlate exactly with your cash flow of your income from your sales. That's when you start finding yourself again with even worse in cash flow than what you did had beforehand, because now you have all these loan payments that are over your operation operating expenses and your operating payments, and if they don't correlate with your income, then they're an even more of an overhead. And then so many people will go and take another term loan or another revenue loan to cover those payments, because they're stuck cash flow wise, and they have to pay the bank, and they have to pay this, and that's when you go into a spiral of funding. So you're taking another financing just to pay off the old financing. This is the worst situation you can get into, because in so many cases, it just gets worse and worse every time you enlarge that financing in order to pay off the other financing. And it's not really promoting your business, it's just postponing the the problem that you're in right now. So very, very, very important to know that the financing you take and the cash flow it creates and the schedule you have to pay back correlates and aligns with the true cash flow and income that you're going to get from selling your product, and in the same time frame and schedule that you're going to that income is coming in another important issue when managing a business. Every day, we make decisions on our business. We decide to invest in a specific product, we decide to do a marketing campaign, we decide to hire an employee. These are all investments that we're taking risk either it'll succeed great, or it won't succeed. And we have to be aware of the negative and what we will lose if it doesn't succeed. I mean, that's basically the that's decision making. Is an entrepreneur. That's basically what we do every day. We decide where we're going to take a risk, and and, and, and be prepared for those losses if it doesn't succeed, and, of course, how to deal with them. So managing risk is the number one point in managing your business,

Speaker  346661:20
when we're man it when we're working as when we're creating an Amazon business. This is a risky environment. It's not the same as taking an investment in buying a house or putting, obviously, in CD building a business. You're investing in things that might not succeed. You might end up losing it all. Therefore preparing how much you invest and what you invest and how you invest, it is something that is also very, very important, and you also need to understand on yourself, what's your risk tolerance? Some people are very risk oriented. They're willing to put it all in, and they're not worried about the day after, and they can live with that, and they can sleep with it at night, and that's fine. Some people can't sleep at night if they're in a risk situation. If you have your house mortgaged and invested in inventory on Amazon and your listing gets shut down? Are you able to sleep at night? That's the type of person you are. You need to understand what type of person you are and how you do this. So there's many ways you can lower the risk on your business by having basically partners or investors in your business. I'm sure that many of you have considered bringing in equity partner to your business, someone that will he's putting in money, and the risk is on the business, not on you personally. So this is very important too to when you're looking at finance solutions, to understand if there's personal guarantees, if it carries collateral on your personal assets. Basically a personal guarantee is the same as taking another mortgage on your house. I mean, at the end of the day, if you don't pay that money back, you're going to lose your assets. So you have to find you have the best thing is, I believe, just like you would take a third party investor to give you, to join the risk with you in your business, you want to try to find a third party funder that will also join with you in the risk, if it doesn't have personal guarantees, he's basically only taking collateral on your business, so the risk is on the business and not on your personal financials. Also when creating stable and businesses and stable financials in your life, I've seen this all the time. So many people started a great Amazon business, and they're growing it and growing it and reinvesting and reinvesting and reinvesting. And for three, four years, they basically don't take a salary. They can't do anything financially. They they're not financial steady in their in their personal financials, because every time they find a cash flow problem, they have to put it all back in the business all the time. So you want to try and on the risk side of it, also create steady assets and income from your business. If your business is a seven figure business, you should be able to get a salary from that business. You should be able to live well from that business. You should be able to buy a house, pay a mortgage. All these things should be in your priority. So when, if, if you're investing all your money back in your business on your own, then obviously you're not going to have any of that cash flow to enable you to do these personal assets and these personal financial investments. But if you do take a financial partner that might take a little bit of that profit during this time, it's still worth it, because it's going to give you that cash flow and that income to your personal life that gives you security and a stress free environment to grow your business. So I believe very, well, very much, that you should always try as much as possible to use other people's money to grow your business, even if it has a small cost to it, because when we're growing our business, the if we're making a percent more, a percent less on our profits, it's not what's going to change much in our lives then. But if we have steady income and a salary, and we can pay our mortgage on a monthly basis that and sleep at night that's worth so much more than those few percentages in your profits. So I talked about this a little bit, the investing in the inventory is most of our capital. So we want to try the right way to get partners that can invest in that in our inventory. I don't believe in giving, giving equity for inventory, because you're always going to need more. So that equity is not going to give you much equity you can take for riskier investments like opening new markets or starting a new product, maybe, but just for inventory growth, even if, today I think I need 100,000 and that's what an equity partner will bring me. Most likely, next year, I'm going to need 200,400 1000 if I keep giving equity just for getting inventory, I won't have much of a business left at the end. There's so many other other solutions for getting financing for inventory that should not equity should not be one of them. Understand your balance sheet, understand how much you have invested in your business, whether it's from profits that you have reinvested or your time. The fact that I'm working in my business and not taking a salary, I would have gotten an alternative income wherever I was working before. Money that I put in my company from my savings, or if I had invested that somewhere else, I would have an alternative income on that investment. So all these things have to have a value to them. You can't be just putting money in and investing time in your business without truly understanding how much you've put in, how much capital, what's your alternatives for income? Maybe it's not worth it. Maybe this business has reached a point where it's it's in a place that it's not worth it. For me to keep investing, I can go find a job and maybe sell this business, and I'll cash flow wise and profit wise for my career, I'll get more out of it. Hopefully. That's not the situation, but understanding at least what you invested and understanding the value of of your investments is very important to look at.

Speaker  464714:40
Man, managing cash flow, as I said, steady income with Growth Partners can really get your business into a steady place, and then you can grow with, with, with a stress free environment. Over leveraging is something that is very important. When you create cash flow, you know how much income you are expected to get on a monthly basis. Borrowing is easy. Paying back is much harder, and it's really very important to understand what's the schedule of those paybacks, and I would not ever have any financing that reaches more than 50 to 60% of my income, cash flow wise. So you want to also if your average payout from Amazon are $30,000 a month. You don't want to commit to any financing that does more than 10 to $15,000 a month paybacks.

Speaker  485488:00
I mentioned this before using external funding, how important it is. With external funding, you can get as much money as you need to grow your space, your business. There's so many financial solutions out there, a lot of them don't fit specific things like inventory, but a lot of them give you the right solution, and if you work with the right one, it's really you can grow your business to any to 789, figures, and not have to worry about anything On a personal level. So I wanted to say, what are the different types of financing that are out there? I mean, I'm sure everyone has met financing solutions here and there in their lives, and on a personal level, or when you take a mortgage or a car loan, those are things everyone's familiar with. On a business level. There's different types of financing. There's term loans, small business loans, bank loans, these are loans that you get, as I mentioned before, you can get money now and and they have a fixed schedule, so you know exactly how much you're going to pay. Relatively easy to build cash flow on, that you just have to understand and see that it aligns with your expected cash flow and income revenue. Financing is something that's become very popular. It's a lot of third party finance solutions. It's usually not banks. And they look at your revenue, they see, hey, your business is selling $100,000 a month. We'll give you $100,000 worth of financing today, and we'll take it from your expected income in the next six to 12 months. Line of Credit is basically an account with a certain amount of money that you can pull in and out of as you needed. This is always a great solution to have for anything, for unexpected expenses, but you also have to manage this in a very responsible manner, because it's very easy to just pull out of it and then not pay it back, and then you basically added another type of financing that's not connected, and you're paying high interest on on amounts that you don't have any cash flow to pay back. So you should always have this if you can. It's important for emergencies, but when used, should be used responsibly. And last but not least, po financing, inventory financing, there's a few solutions out there, like us, in that way, that are able to come and basically give you financing on what you're purchasing your inventory. But here also it's very important to understand exactly how the structure of the financing is built, so that you know it really aligns with your cash flow and and I'll drill down a little bit into each type of the financing and how it can affect your business. So term loans, I think I gave an example in the past. Term loans are great for long term investments. If you know you're going to take $50,000 now to start a business, and you're going to spend it on new marketplace, and you're going to start seeing returns in the future from that and you took a two year term loan, then most likely, hopefully, you can pay that off. And you need to know that you can also pay that off from your own personal finances if the business doesn't cover it, because in most cases, these loans have personal guarantees, so if anything happens anyway, you're going to be the one paying it back. So this can be a solution if you don't want to take a mortgage, and if you don't want to, if you don't want to open your savings account, but you have to under you have to know exactly where you're using it and exactly the schedule that you that they want to be paid back and that you're going to have the cash flow to pay that back. Lines of credit I mentioned before, very good. Always have one in if you can. It doesn't hurt. It's relatively cheap to have it in your bank and then use it when needed. If you have a seasonal product. This could also be a great solution. You take from your line of credit for a few months to meet that peak, and then you can pay it back immediately, some short term things like marketing also can be used there, because you take it, you do your marketing, you get it back immediately, the month later, you pay off that line of credit. Revenue financing is the most popular product, probably out there right now, but it's a very problematic product, from what I feel in the E comm space, because revenue, as we know in Amazon, doesn't really have that much value. Our revenue is big, but our profits are small and our reinvestment in inventory is even bigger, therefore our cash flow is usually very low. So when you take revenue financing, and you're getting money today on a large ticket of revenue, the free cash flow that you really have to pay back that revenue financing is usually relatively much lower. And therefore, if you don't calculate this correctly, and if you don't create the right schedule and plan to repay this revenue financing, in most cases, people find themselves in really bad cash flow situations, because the repayments of that revenue are much higher than the true free cash flow or free profit that came in every month to be able to pay that revenue financing. Another important thing in revenue financing, there's secured and unsecured revenue financing. The secured ones are basically personal guarantees. Again, personal guarantees are the same as putting another mortgage on your house. Something happens tomorrow to your business, which unfortunately can happen to a lot of businesses in the commerce space, you're going to be personally liable for that, meaning your house, your assets, your savings, it's invested in that business. Again, if you can find unsecured financing, that's a much better situation. I believe it's better to pay more for having a true partner that is not taking personal guarantees. And this way your business as a as a as a corporation or as a person itself can finance its own growth, finance its own cash flow, and if something happens to that business, it doesn't affect you on the personal level, this is more important than if your loan is 15% or 20% or 22% because those small profits are not what's going to Make a change in the long run, but if something bad happens, and now you lost your home or you have to even go bankrupt, that's much, much worse than those few percentages more po financing, I think, is the number one important finance solution for online sellers that deal with inventory. Basically it's financing your inventory. That's 80% of the capital that you deal with. And those are the type of financing you really need. And the most important thing in those financing again, is correlating the the repayment and the schedule with the cash flow of your business so that you can leverage your inventory. Inventory has value. There's no reason why you shouldn't be able to finance inventory for if you're selling in a relatively steady manner, and you're buying inventory in the right amount. There should be multiple solutions out there for you to get inventory financing, to buy that inventory

Speaker  633957:20
in inventory financing. Also in many situations, there are also credit checks and personal guarantees. Understand that if you're putting a personal guarantee again, you're putting yourself at risk and your personal assets, if you can, it's better, obviously, not to do this. And some there's also important to see some of the financial solutions out there call themselves po financing and and inventory financing, but their contract and behind the scenes, they're also just revenue financing, and therefore, in Most cases, they don't look at the inventory as collateral. They take full business liens, or they even take personal guarantees. And also a lot of times, when you look at the schedule of how they expect you to pay back, it's usually almost the same as the revenue financing. So just because they call it something, it doesn't mean that that's exactly what it is. You want to really understand what in the contract, what are your guarantees, what your collateral, and what's the repayment schedule, and what happens if something bad happens, if tomorrow you can't pay back, what's the situation? Are they going to give you more time to spread it out? Are they going to help you get out of the situation, or are they just going to try and foreclose on all your assets immediately? This is something that you have to think about, worst case situations. Hopefully they never happen, but we always have to be prepared for them. Debt and equity trade offs. I think I mentioned this before, equity debt for inventory is always what you want to do in general, that is always better for a business, if it's only on the business because it's giving the same risk as equity, the fact that if the business doesn't succeed, and that debt has to isn't paid by the business, then an equity investor or financial institution that only has debt in your business will lose The same way, but in equity, you're giving away percentages, usually very high, percentages, of your business, and therefore it's costing you a lot more on the long run. Whereas in debt, we either we succeed and we pay it back and we keep all our equity, and if we don't succeed, that same financial institution is going to be stuck with the business or with the with the problem, with the unsuccessful business, so we didn't lose anything on a personal level,

Speaker  681813:20
we talked about ROI and how it's important that it aligns with our debt and with our cash flow. I want to give an example here. So an average seller, hopefully you bought inventory for 30k and 70k 30k shipping, your total cost of inventory was $100,000 and most sellers will sell it at a multiple of about 3.5 meaning your revenue for that product will be 350,000 hopefully you're making around 20% profit at least On your revenue net. This is after advertising cost, Amazon fees, everything that Amazon knows how to take from us, we'll still stay with about 70k in profit. Most sellers, especially private label sellers, are making between 70 to 100% ROI on their cost of goods, meaning, when we come and invest $100,000 in buying inventory, we're expected in six to nine months after that inventory sold, to have in the bank a net, a net income of 170 to $200,000 so we have very, very good ROI we have very good profits in our business. But we all have been in the situation where the biggest problem is, is that before we're getting that profit, we already have to make a $200,000 order and then a $400,000 order. So even if we're making 100 100% on our on our product, at most, we can double every year, and whereas and most situation on Amazon, if your product is good, you can be quadrupling and even more every year. But you have to have that capital for growth. And so we really need to have that capital and understand exactly how much that capital is costing us. So if, in this situation, we know that on any if we're taking $100,000 from someone to buy inventory, and we know we're going to get back 170 to 200,000 then, and that capital is going to cost us for that same period of time 10% then we know we're going to pay 10,000 out of the 70 to 100,000 profit. But So understanding where is your profit, and what's the cost? If you're a wholesaler and you're making 10% on your cost of goods and your capital for financing now is going to cost you 10% or 8% then there's no profit margin that you can really leverage your your purchase order with financing, because there's not enough profit there to work with. But when it comes to private label and manufacturing, the profits are relatively high if we're able to meet demand and be able to buy that inventory. So again, buying that inventory with financing and optimizing it to create cash flow, which correlates altogether will also give you steady cash flow. So how do we do it? Why is our solution so much better, and why is it really created for the E comm space? We connect with our partner, with our sellers. We do full checks on their product itself. We check your profitability, the amount of product you want to buy, when are you going to pay your suppliers, and when are you going to sell that product? And then, once we approve you, we can finance up to 75% and what does that mean? We will actually pay the manufacturer when they need to be paid. This is also very important use of funds in an efficient manner. When you take a term loan, that money might sit in the bank until the product's ready, because it doesn't correlate with the exact dates of payments. We pay directly to the manufacturers when the products ready. So if there was a delay in the manufacturing, the financing didn't even start. We also connect the payment terms. So if you have net 30 or net 60 with your manufacturer, we again will pay the manufacturer on those exact dates. And then you don't need so much financing, just the added amount to create that cash flow that you want to that you want to create. So we pay the manufacturer, we pay them the shipping when they need to be paid, and then we build a repayment schedule to match exactly the sales rate and the payout you're going to get from amazon for those sales. So this means that you're never going to have a situation where you have to pay back financing and you haven't gotten money from selling off that product. So now you don't have to deal with cash flow problems anymore. You can deal with growth. You can deal with invest with marketing, with improving your product, because as long as you're growing, we'll keep financing that inventory, and the payouts are only as the inventory sells. So you're never going to have a situation where one, you can't buy enough inventory, and two, you can't pay back that those payments. So this is the most important thing, steadying out your cash flow. If we look at this graph that we were talking about before, this is how a regular seller would have his cash flow, always at a negative manner, because you're always reinvesting capital. So you need 20 and 40 and $100,000 as soon as you're you work with us in CapEc, we're paying that 70% and you're only paying it back as you grow. So you never need from your own capital more than that 30% which remind you you're making 70 to 100% so you're always going to have that free up 30% that you can use for your for your part of the growth. So now you're growing your business in a steady way. You never have any minus drops in your bank account. And you can even, very importantly, have a salary pull money out of your business. You should be able to do that that's creating a stress free environment, and having a strong partner like us to grow your business. Another important thing is that we are not just the finance partner. We come with all our know how and expertise we've dealt in the space for 10 years, we've financed hundreds, if not 1000s, of businesses with their successful growth. So we have, we come with we help you understand exactly what you're buying. If you're buying too much, inventory will come. And we'll tell you if your products not profitable, will come, and we'll tell you if something bad happens tomorrow, like your listing got shut down, we're going to help you open it. The only collateral we take is the product. So if something happens, we have to make sure that product sells. We have to make sure we can sell that product ourselves. If something happens to you, therefore we're a true partner in your business. And so many situations we've had where sales drop, maybe they're going slower, we'll spread out the payments. Sales are great. You're selling faster. Pay it back early, get some of that financing cost back and refinance the next inventory when you need it. Exactly so efficiency yourself funds is only done exactly when you need those funds. Working with us, here's that same example of a seller and a purchase order. How working with CapEc Truly improves their ROI that same $100,000 investment that a seller was making 70 to 100k now, using CapEc, he only needs to bring $30,000 investment because CapEc is going to pay the 70k when it's when it needs to be paid. Selling that product might take five months, we do a grace period so there's no payments until the product actually reaches Amazon and starts selling. That's how it correlates exactly with your cash flow and your sales rate. And selling those that product, let's say, might take us five months. So the cost of capital, our fees. It's not cost of capital. We charge as a service, as a fee, $7,000 that's our basically profit share. So that same 350 that same seven UK profit that we're making from the 100,000 now our net profit minus our fees, is 63,000 but our investment was only 30,000 so instead of making 70% ROI on $100,000 now we're making 210% ROI on our $30,000

Speaker  841045:19
and this could be the same thing on a growth side of it. If you only have $100,000 with CapEc, you can buy inventory now for $300,000 and instead of making $70,000 in profit on your 100 you're going to make $210,000 profit on your 100 so putting us as a partner with you is a true investor in your business and creating true cash flow. Last I'm going to summarize now the most important things that we talked about different types of financing, finding the right financing that fits you, making sure it correlates with your cash flow and your ROI and your income from your sales. Risk managing risk, if you can never put personal guarantees, never put your home mortgage into your business, try and keep that risk your business separated from your personal life, so that, for good or for bad, it can manage on its own and and try it, find a partner like us who's willing to share the risk With you, grow with you and support your business and and these are examples of sellers. I've been through this myself and most of my first businesses, we started off great, invested $50,000 grew to 500,000 in revenue near year one, and then even grew more 1.2 and then cash flow became hard. Need more capital. Ran out of inventory, and the revenue starts going down. We see it all the time. This seller, after that, connected with us, got inventory financing with us, was able to scale back 2.5 million and then 5 million all because he had a strong growth partner so he never ran out of inventory and gave him steady Cash Flow. We're doing a great promotion right now. We call it the fun tank, where it's you can apply to win $150,000 in financing, free, no cost. We're going to invest in a business scan this code apply. There's no cost to apply, and we're till the end of March, we're going to have applicants come in, and then we have with our partners, we're going to be a line of judges, and the best product with the best potential will win, and we'll get $150,000 of financing for inventory for as long for the next year that he needs it. And this will allow him, obviously, to grow. Hopefully, if you all want to try and apply to this, I scan the code, and we'll be glad to have you in this contest for MDS. We have a very special offer. Anyone that applies with us through MDS will get $250 of CapEc cash. This is money that either can be subtracted from your fees or even can be used for buying inventory. So anyone that does a deal with us is going to get $250 in the discount, and we're available here for anything you need sales at CapEc. This is our phone number two. If you want also email me Nadav at CapEc, io, I'd be glad to answer any questions, and if you have any more questions now, I'll be glad to answer them.

Speaker  911642:40
Hello. Thank you so much. Nadav, I don't know if anyone has any questions right now. If not, we have the link down there to leave your feedback, and thanks for your time and for all the value that you shared with us today.

Speaker  917072:00
Thanks for having me, and I hope people got a lot out of it, and probably seeing you around, and we're here for you.

Speaker  919469:20
Awesome. Okay, thank you very much and enjoy the rest of your day. You too. Bye. Thanks a lot, boy.
