Leo Limin_2_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Uh, well, I know that you're all a little bit tired. It's the end of the day, but I was trying to make a very light presentation. But Mr. Eugene here says Everybody likes data. Put more data, so all throughout the day, I was putting more and more data. So now get prepared for data. So let's start by show of hands so that I feel if you are ready for the data, how many of you are actually on Tiktok shop? No, that's a few hands. Keep your hands up. How many of you actually do Tiktok lives? Okay, a few hands. How many of you do Tiktok lives repeatedly for the last three months, I see Jay there. This is the hero of Tiktok lives, if you don't know, yeah. And I see Alex, and that's it. Three hands, right? Eugene, which data? Okay, well, if by the end of this presentation, within the next three months, I don't see all the hands up, I failed. Okay, let's go tick tock. Live selling. So for those of you who don't know me, I'm Leo. I'm one of the oldest both literally and since 2016 member of MDS. Yeah, when it was not MDs, it was something else. It was called 50k group or something like that. Yeah, yeah. And I'm 25 years I'm that old, 25 years in E commerce, in SaaS and app building. And I'm also CEO and founder. This is me of joint brands. Some of you may be using it right now. Yes, and I built, scaled and exited multiple businesses now, all my focus is on joint brands, even though I do have participation in a couple of brands as well. And I'm 49 years old. I have three kids, pretty much big kids already on their way out. And somebody commented in MDs that I age in reverse. So I put it there. I like to joke about it. So it's all about fitness. Okay, now let's go to the data. So why should you care? In China, tick tock, not tick tock, live selling is 50 times that of the US. Just think about that number, 50 times. Are they that different from us? Is it something crazy going on there? Maybe. So according to Tiktok, on Tiktok, us early movers get two to three times more organic reach than anything else you do on Tiktok. So they say, and this is data from Tiktok directly. We work with them directly. They say that the cost of acquisition is 30 to 50 times lower than if you do anything else. That's one reason to join so in China, every third e commerce sale happens from lives every third, every third product, every third sale from lives. United States, only 1% so that 70 billion in GMB, it's still a lot. Well, Europe, as always, is, you know, a little bit slower. So why brands hesitate? I was interviewing throughout the throughout the show people, I was talking to people and stuff like that. And most common answer is, well, we tried it failed, right? Or, well, it's too complicated. I need to hire people and stuff like that. It's completely different from what I do, right? Or, It's too expensive. They think that, oh, I need the whole studio. I need to basically like a TV crew. I need to run a show. Well, all of this are not entirely true, because it all applies to everybody, and tick tock live selling on in United States is fairly new. Companies like Mary Ruth organics mastered it, but there is still a lot of room. This is my favorite case. I'm not going to point fingers here. Yeah, but this particular company sells every third product on Tiktok. This data is coming from color data. I don't know how accurate is that, but according to color data, this brand sells every third product, or every third sale, comes from lives. 34% think about it. Most of the sales happen through affiliates, which is expected, right? So that company, let me go back. This company runs live selling, live show 24/7, they don't stop they run it all the time. Yeah. So whenever you log in, you have them live selling. So there are two channels for you to sell through lives. One is affiliate lives, and one is brand lives. And to be truly successful, you have to do both. The brand lives give you more control over what you're doing. You can schedule your lives properly. You can have your giveaways in a way that you like. You know you own the audience. The audience compounds. You have higher production standards, etc, but affiliate lives are faster. You can just get a bunch of products to a bunch of creators and they start doing lives. It's just there are not that many live affiliates out there, so a lot of them you have to motivate to do lives. By the way, joint brands have now live module where you can hire lives by the minute. So basically, I can pay them by the minute to do lives for you. But with affiliates, it's much quicker ramp and but you have less control. So the most important, the most important person in a life, is obviously the host of their life, right? Who is the perfect host for your life? Well, the founder is the best host for your life, if you can do it, right. So the founder, somebody who actually knows the story, who actually knows how to tell about the brand everything, answer all the questions. Who is passionate about it, loves the broader product, knows the story and speaks naturally, you know, like, not like an ad, but sometimes it's a bit difficult. So you you have to hire a creator. Look for somebody who is your, you know, number one fan, maybe in your company, or maybe somebody outside. If you go to creators, find somebody who is already selling your product, you know, and try to convince them to do lives, you can train them to do lives. So I know that QR codes are supposed to be at the end, according to Eugene, but here's a QR code for the five steps to master sales, the playbook for lives. So to have a successful life, you need to prepare people first. You need to do a teaser. You need to put a video up there saying that you're going to do a live and you need to put a countdown. Tiktok provides all the tools for that when people first enter your life, you need to hook them. And the first 30 seconds are very important. You need, I don't know, you need to do fireworks. Everything has to be colorful. You need to be super energetic. In the beginning, right? You need to hook them into the life. Then a little bit later, you do a product introduction, you tell them a story in the Midway, about 15 minutes into the life, you should start doing some interaction with them. You need to get those comments, shares, likes, and there's a lot of tricks and techniques how to get them to do it. You can tell them comment which products you like from my shopping cart, you know, or show, show your hands if you if you like the show, I don't know, notice their names and tell them, call them out by the name. And then the end of the life, you have to have an urgent close and call to action. Why it is important, because how you end your life is as important, because the next life will be judged by the end of your first life, right? So at the end of your life, you need to have a crazy sale. You need to have a crazy giveaway. Usually lives go in cycles. Maybe Jake has a different experience, but you should break them down in half an hour, half an hour an hour periods. So every half an hour you repeat the pattern. Every half an hour you repeat the pattern. Every life, it should be about three to four hours at least. Well, there are lives that are 98 hour long. You know, they change the host. They changed the host. But the most successful lives are over four hours. If you go to color data and you just see the lives that sold the most products, they're about four hours, four to eight hours. But it doesn't end there. As you finish your life, you should use the materials for your next live. So your next teaser should be using the live before also you can post organic posts, and you can use the lives for the ads. Here is Hack number one. As I said, how you end your life is very important. That's why most users, most viewers, should be at the end of the real life so that the next life usually starts with the same number of viewers. That's how Tiktok algorithm works.

Speaker  157562:40
Well, let's go a bit more into details. These are core traffic principles. By traffic, I mean the traffic that Tiktok. Gives you when you start your life, if you master all three, your lives will be successful and you'll sell more than anybody else. Number one is retention. Retention means watch time when people enter your life and stay there. The first 15 minutes of your half an hour period are critical. So the longer watch time, the more traffic you get. Healthy is considered from two to eight minutes retention. So do anything to hold people in your life. Promise them something that will happen later. I'm gonna give a giveaway 15 minutes later. Promise them something next is conversion. The faster conversion, the more traffic you get. You know, conversion is click through rate and click to order rate and purchases, obviously. So healthy conversion is five to 10% and healthy click to order rate is one to 2% so if you have those numbers, you're doing well. And the one that is not very often mentioned is the traffic efficiency. So traffic efficiency, or GNP, is GNP per 1000 users, how much money you made on average from 1000 users, if your number is higher than the number of competing lives, Tiktok will give you more free traffic. So try to sell bundles you need to increase your GNP. This is a case that was given to me by Tiktok directly. This particular brand is in hair and skincare, simply Mendes. Look at that number. This is how much they sold. This is the GMD in one life, just one life, 1.2 million. They got 39 million use. This is USA. It's not China. They got a boost of followers, and they got 38 million likes. Do you think, does it look like you cannot repeat this? Do you see, it's a complicated set. Is it difficult? It had a lot of production? No. And this is the founder on the on the life, right? So she's super passionate. Okay, here is the takeaways. Why she said her life was successful, so she used mystery boxes that turned into buyers. So what is a mystery box is a tool that Tiktok gives you so you can sell a product. Nobody knows what's in the product. It's a mystery box, but it's one of the it should be one of the related products, right? She was selling bundles. So her GMP, you know, was going up, right? So tick tock was giving more and more traffic to her. And also it's very important, important to sync with what tick tock is doing. So tick tock usually has this deals of the day. Summer Sale, soon will be back to school sale, so you have to capitalize on their promotions as well metrics. So since you want to go technical with Eugene, we're going to go technical. So one of the most important metric at the beginning of your life is the err or enter room rate. Healthy number is five to 10% of the impressions you can influence that by your title and by your by your teaser, right, and by your how your life actually looks. It should, should look bright. So when people scroll, they should stop, then engagement metrics. So engagement should be about 10 to 20% that's healthy, likes, comments, shares, et cetera. You're not going to get there immediately. You're going to get there over time when people get used to your lives. But this is healthy engagement rating and click through rate. Click through rate is when they tap on that shopping cart, it should be five to 10% obviously these numbers may change in the future as more people start doing lives. So this is for today. So it will get more difficult, like, like with Tiktok videos, it's gotten more difficult with lives, it will get also more difficult, but you still have early advantage then retention metrics. So retention metrics are actually broken down into two. One is retention within your life, which should be about for the visitor, which should be about two to eight minutes or above, and one is your repeat views. So when you do your lives repeatedly, you should aim at 20% repeat users, repeat viewers, that come back to your life and the revenue metrics. So basically, when you just start your life journey, you don't care about GMB, forget about it. Many people here say, Oh, I did one life, two life, I didn't sell much. I. Abandoned it. No, it's like, it's like the gene you go to the gym, your muscles will not grow right away. You have to be consistent, right? So forget about Jim being the first couple of months. Just focus on on the other metrics. Then at the growth stage, month three, you'll get 10 to 20% 10 to 20% from all your sales should come from lives, and at the mature rate, it should be like that brand that I showed in the beginning, about 30% or more should come from your lives. It strangely correlates with the data I showed in the very beginning for China, where every third sale happens from life, which tells me the Chinese market is fully mature for lives. Okay, so let's go a little bit deeper in this, right? So the rich metrics are broken down into two impressions, how many screens you landed on and err right? Enter room rate you should target five to 10% below 5% means your preview sucks. You your title is weak. Something is wrong. People don't enter your room, or maybe they don't recognize you yet. Tactics you should post a teaser 24 to 48 hours before, and use curiosity, curiosity driven life titles. There is other tactics that Chinese sellers are using. They basically what they do is they break, they pre record several videos, and as they launch the life, they start posting those videos with another phone. And as viewers see those videos in their feed, there is a there is a sign that life is happening. So they post those videos every few minutes when the life already began, and more and more people enter the room. Okay, how to boost your err, so your thumbnail, the background of your thumbnail should be bright. It should be a scroll stopper. Obviously, if you are falling into the for you page, you'll see the full video. But sometimes, when people browse the products, you know, they see those live previews, they see those thumbnails, and they should be very bright and standing out. It should screen. There is a deal, there is a sale, there is a something happening, right? The presenters should look different, you know, they should look bright. They should be either very beautiful, or look weird, or they should stand out, so that people tap on that and the product, product should look appealing. It should sell. You know, it should be very presentable. Hack number two, you don't know when to start your lives. Obviously, if you're a mature seller like Jay. Live seller like Jay, you you launch your lives in your peak hours when your audience goes, you know, shopping, but if you're just beginning, you have to compete against those who are already successful, right? So there is a hack you should go off hours. The best is to go before seven, before 6am or like 6am or after 10pm and also, you should start your life 10 minutes before that hour, so that by the time it's by the time it's 6am for example, you already entered that hour strong. Because most people schedule their lives exact, exact time, like 630, 1010, 30. So do an odd hour. You know now we go to engagement metrics. So likes, comments, shares, new followers. So you should target 10 to 20% of viewers, engaging, high engagement, stronger algorithm push. You get more and more free traffic. So I don't know what you're going to do. You're going to dance in that life or whatever, but you have to engage people. You have to make them comment, you know, call out their names, ask questions and often, run games falls, you know, tease giveaways midstream. Ask them which product is their favorite, etc. They have to engage. They have to like it. They have to share conversion metrics. So those are click through rate, add to cart rate, or tap to cart rate, click to order rate and the GND per view efficiency, right so healthy click through rate right now is five to 10% and the purchase rate should be two to 3% of the viewers. To boost that, you can have several products in your life, and one can be a throw away product, you know, like the product that you almost give away, it's a good deal for you, so that more people buy, so that your hero product you actually sell more.

Speaker  316314:40
So there are these tactics that you can use. You can walk, walk your viewers through a checkout life, like you can show them. Go tap here. Do this? Do that? Use urgency countdowns like you can have your partner in crime. Time, you know, check change the stock levels and say, Oh, only three left, only five left, and then the stock goes back up. You can shout out to the to your partner, hey, add more products. We need more products. Make a city show,

Speaker  324224:00
play card challenges, tap the bug below, etc. Retention metrics. So this is very important.

Speaker  327157:20
There are two types of retention, right? The new, new users, they come they don't know anything about your product. They need to stay in the session. So average watch time, it should be two to eight minutes, and also returning views, you know, and that should the healthy percentage is 20% of people come back to your life. That's very good. So how to increase your returning users go live at the same time each week. Recognize repeat viewers by name, build rituals like every Friday we have this huge sale, somebody will win a product, giveaways, etc, deliver value beyond selling QA tips. Actually, I think some brands using lives not just to sell or not just to promote the products, but also like customer support. It's live customer support every every hour, every minute, somebody can come in and say, I have this problem with your product. Can you help me? Can you explain me the ingredients, etc, etc, the revenue metrics, which is gnV and percentage of tick tock, gnV from from your lives. So as I said before, first couple of months, G and D should not be your focus. Everything else but gnV. Month three, you should get 1010, to 20% of all your Tiktok gnV coming from lives. Then you're doing something correctly. By month four, it should be 30% or more. Actually, there is one brand out there. I'm sure all of you know this. It's called Pop Mart. What do they sell? Ibo guess, what is the percentage of sales on Tiktok? US comes from life, 60, more 90, more 100% they don't do anything except for live selling. They only sell through lives. So if anybody tells me that lives are not there yet, well, maybe it will come into the future, whatever. No, it's now. It's happening now. Just not everybody knows. Okay, so lives have compounding effect. It's like workout, you know, I didn't get like this by, you know, going to the gym once or twice. I've been working out for a year. Yeah, I was fat. Well, fatter, yeah. So same thing with lives, you know, it's an exercise. It's a repeated exercise that has compounding effect, frequent lives. Tiktok loves you. They give you a boost. You get new viewers, new shoppers. You build a community. Life is about building a community. You have higher conversions, then repeat sales, then again, over and over and over again. Make it a ritual. You know, start lean, two, three lives and then do more. Do daily and then repeat. Mary Ruth organics do 24/7, then recognize repeat viewers. Keep your format consistent, so that people recognize it. Don't change the room all the time. Be consistent. You know people need to recognize it, but people they need to spot you from, from all that cloud. So this should be your focus. Month one and two, consistency. You're going to the gym. You're learning how to do exercises properly. You know you keep your form. Then you start working on your conversions and repeat sales. You started to recognize your GMB patterns. And then, once everything is flowing, you start to maximize. You know, you get more efficient. Your cost of acquisition is stable, and that's it. This is an example of a one month scale for this brand, which is, again, it was given to me by directly by Tiktok. So this, this brand is in women's wear and textiles. So within one month, they ramped up their sales by 520% through lives. So they increased their life frequency by 175%

Speaker  393621:20
the life duration by 263% and hourly, GMV went up by 71%

Speaker  395754:40
this is what they say. Why? Why they get successful so increased life frequency. They participated on in all the live trainings from Tiktok. And by the way, Tiktok is amazing. They have amazing trainings, which. Should go through all the trainings. They give you all the juice, and then, basically they invested their time paying attention to all the key metrics, right? They learned. They learned it very well. So that's it. So key takeaways, consistency wins. You know, go live two, three times a week, first, 15 minutes, decided, traffic engagement, fuel your algorithm and track your metrics. And here's a bonus value add, scan this QR code, and this is your 90 day plan. Was it enough data? Did they satisfy you?

Speaker  411738:40
I was it was it was good. Data is good. Yes. Thank you, Leo. I know I was very demanding of you, and I appreciate that. Is everybody down this QR code?

Speaker  414682:40
Yeah, I think I'm hitting off again. Thank you so much. This is great. So we've been doing lives for about, like, six months or so. We do pick pretty regularly, like I myself have been on live a couple times. We do decent GMV through lives. What we found, however, like over that time, looking at the data, like looking at the customers are buying our lives. A lot of time, it's the same customers buying over and over, waiting for us to go on flashy I'll do, like the big discounts, then just buying our products on discounts, and it's not actually, like, a really strong tool for us, like, new customer acquisition. So I was wondering if you've, like, seen a similar trend, if you've looked at the data that way, and then, like, if you have any strategies that you guys have implemented to kind of avoid that pitfall of just giving your repeat customers big deals and then just kind of cannibalizing your sales as a result.

Speaker  426629:20
So do you want to kick out the customers that keep getting the deals all the time.

Speaker  427562:40
I don't like kick them out, like, I want to acquire new customers through the deals, right? That's like, the point of us, we're trying to do and like, over time, the lives are just kind of plateau, like, new customer acquisition, it seems like.

Speaker  430250:40
So those new customers that don't come into your life, it should be coming. You should follow the strategies that I indicated here, but those that always come in and go for the deals that's your core audience. It's good that they come in, because you always start strong your life. You need to work on acquiring new customers, right? You need to work on your thumbnails, on your titles. Go to color data, see the successful lives in your niche, you know, and try to copy their methods. Try to copy what they're doing through lives, by the way, who is using color data here? Oh, a few people. Do you know what? What the tool, color data.com? Right? So you go and you analyze what your competition is doing, right, and you see what they do in the lives color data. Can. You can download the highlights, like the snippets from lives, and you can also schedule. You can download the full life you know, from your competitors and try to see what they're doing and repeat their patterns.

Speaker  447690:40
I wanted to ask Guido, did you take that to answer that question with something else? Or no? No, actually, I just wanted to know. I wanted before you do that. Jay, do you have a different answer that I'm just curious? How do you guys keep because you're, you know, people from just using your lines to get deals. I'm sure you're running deals. Is there a strategy that you have

Speaker  452656:00
for that? No. I mean, for us, we never worry about it, right? Like Leo said, like, some of those, like, repeat purchases are your consistent, loyal followers, and those will give a good boost to the live and then you're hopefully acquiring new customers after that. Yeah, yeah, we do what Leo says, which is, just do more every day.

Speaker  456965:20
That's always they don't care about it. You shouldn't care

Speaker  457845:19
about it. Question is, they plateaued somehow, right? So they don't get new customers. So, Jay, do you still getting new customers all the time? Oh, you plateaued.

Speaker  462042:40
Keep going. Sorry, I was just gonna ask you've obviously used fast mouse and calo data. What are some of the differences that you've seen, and why do you simulate color data more than fast mouse?

Speaker  465136:00
I just like color data more than fast most, even though I got, like, free access to fast most, just I'm more used to it.

Speaker  467120:00
Yeah. Are there any like, advantages that you see in the platform?

Speaker  468144:00
No, they're very similar. Okay,

Speaker  468656:00
throw it to Damon over here. He's, like, very eager. You got something good. Oh, yeah, I feel you had some good a question. Now you're like,

Speaker  470661:20
I want this. I have a question about reviewing lives. From our experience, maybe we're not looking the right spot. We if we're not there watching it live, we can't review it later, to provide feedback to the creators, to critique it, to provide coaching. How do you how do you review lives that have already how do you control your creators know that as well as like, how do you provide coaching if you if you don't see the live in real time?

Speaker  477658:40
Well, first of all, you can ask the creators to download the snippets of the lives, the highlights you want to see those they actually have access to the full version. Recording so you can see the full recording. If you have a communication with a creator, right? If you use joint brands, you can always talk to them. You can give them your brand guide. You can give them examples that they want to follow and stuff like that, and motivate them for the next life. Say, Hey, if you reach GMD, I'm gonna give you a bonus. You know, so. But the creators you cannot control that are out there and you send them a message, they don't respond. How do you control that? Right? I just

Speaker  487461:20
wanted to confirm, the lives disappear after they're done, right? Yeah,

Speaker  489333:20
great presentation. So on the most successful lives are they just talking about their one hero product, or just one product, or are they like and then, and then here's this one, and then here's this one. Also like their whole line of

Speaker  493018:40
product? I forgot to mention, never do a life with one product. Never you should have at least four, okay, right? You should have a burner product, you should have a hero product, you should have a backup product, and you should that's very good engagement to tell which product do you like? Name product one, product, product two, product three. So it's like one, one product, one life is not good. It always be. I want to

Speaker  499616:00
Leo come join me right here, because there's the QR code, kind of like Alex, you told me before you use lives to control stock outs, inventory management, I think that's an interesting thing with multiple products. Do you want to talk a little bit about that with?

Speaker  503045:20
Stand up, please? Yeah, right now, I was just telling John that is, we're at like 70% live is our GMV. And I just want to be able to keep my my little like affiliate army happy with flash sales, giveaways, traffic, drivers and and because we're low on stock, we just don't have enough inventory to really push shoppable videos and run Max GNB, you know, 1000s of dollars a day. So we cut Aspen to pretty much zero and just save all of our inventory for our live team.

Speaker  512538:40
Leo. Know It. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Great job. Time too. You.
