Trend report
Date: September 30, 2025

Speaker  1616:00
Okay, who's filled out one of my forms? Death by a million forms. I love those forms. I read those answers. And this trend report is the culmination of all that i we i put out what you put in, so make sure you put good answers in there. You know, I try to audit the data to make sure we're it's there's no craziness there that a lot of you put some crazy numbers. Take those out throughout the Trend Report. You'll see different numbers, and I'll explain a little bit there. We update this constantly with new questions, new answers. So if anything feels weird when you're filling it out, always let us know, and we'll be we're very appreciative of that. I'm not a data whiz, but chat GBT five, despite them saying it sucks, it really did do well at analyzing data compared to when I used it last year for for this thing. So that was fun. Some high level of things going on in this room. This has been the largest bump in MDS. Whether you guys are gonna get these slides, this has been the largest bump in median revenue and aggregate revenue in MDS. In the past four years. We are representing now 11 and a half billion in revenue, and 1.6 of that is Thank you. Kat. 1.6 billion of that is under manager by agencies. Most people here are owning, operating their own business. You know, some people are like number twos or key men doing the E commerce agency and wholesale models continue to bump up a little bit, about a 45% increase from last year, there's been more people right now, into this year, seeking prepping for an exit. They think that they're they're ready. Median products sold has gone up. Top Sellers having introduced, introduced about 20 products, their catalogs and median orders have ticked up almost to the level of covid time. So things are really moving. Number of brands stayed the same. You know, you had one or two brands that's that's about the same. Here's how revenues have been flowing over the years. So added another year here, and what I saw for 2025 this has been the biggest jump of revenue, of the people, the larger sellers. And here's just one thing to point out. You see these, like, little numbers underneath. You'll see in a lot of the slides here, I have like, number of members. So as I said, I remove aggregate, I remove outlier data when I do all these little data points like on the right. So you'll see some of these metrics are, like, smaller data sets of what, like, what was really clean and understandable, but yeah, overall, like consolidations continue to happen. Brands are continuing to get larger, smaller brands are dropping out, and MDS is still growing. And in other words, this was disputed. Raise your hand if you grew in revenue this year. I mean, I 60% was my stat. That looks pretty much like 60% to me, especially because especially, some people don't even raise their hands when they're asked to. And we're growing at higher than the industry. So the orange line right there is the median industry growth. So I think it was about 11% this year. MDS members said 39% was the median growth of revenue. 44% beat projections. There was about 3% negative deviation of overall growth rate. So that means, like, you guys are pretty good at hitting your projections. It's almost spot on, just a little bit under. And about 43% said they're going to grow next year. So it's, you know, in line with with, it looks like it's going to be in line of with what the growth was this year. Here's what's been happening in specific niches prior years. I've really hesitated to show niche, specific data. This is the first time I'm showing it, but year over year data, I looked at a lot of you guys, because I've have multiple years of reports, 85% just stick in the same thing they've been doing. So it's like members here are running a specific business. They're not hopping around. They might be broadening or be getting more specific, but really they're staying in their niche. Most people in MDS, they're either doing supplements, health, home, beauty, that's about 70% and one in three are selling consumables. Those that are selling consumables are doing better so that, I mean, that's pretty obvious, though, but it's good to see that in the numbers, the biggest categories, as far as upwards momentum, were pet supplements and beauty. Coupled with, you know, 25% rev growth. And then you've seen the smaller numbers that was, that was like the breakdown of it, there has been 72% growth across all of the supplement sellers. So that looks like, that was like the strongest, strongest revenue, strongest percent of people that moved up in revenue and about, you know, a nice one to see was about 51% grew in Home and Kitchen in revenue. But. But profit performance was the worst, 12% so you know, Home and Kitchen is really being hit. It's a big category here in MDS, and it's and continues to be hit by margins and other outside factors, specifically all this stuff with the tariffs, but I do think it'll come back. Here's a little breakdown of like the specific market conditions, growers versus decliners. So the 63% that grew that grew at a median of 30% and the 32% sorry, the 62% that grew profit, they grew at a median of 20% on the launches, the brands that were growing revenue, they had about 4.5 launches and profit, three launches. The people in this room grew about 36% greater than people not in this room. I don't know if it's the chicken or the egg situation, but people are showing up, really active, coming to events seem to be growing a little bit more than those that aren't. What we're seeing from the people that are growing is more new launches, more investing into product development, creating better ad efficiencies, testing creatives and an interesting correlation. Brands that were doing at least 1000 bucks a month on Tiktok did report higher median growth. So people have cracked that little code. Are getting a little bit of flywheel bump, and I think they're saving on their ad costs. The brands that are declining about 17% decline in revenue, and that was met with about a median of 12% in profit, 13% decline in profit, median of 20% at that. So they're still growing, but just much less. So the median is still growing. It's just, it's just not as profit is still going up. What we saw is less launches across the board, about half and in general, like, you know, don't be worried if you are one of those people, because what I saw is about 60% of members across the five years had at least one year of growth of, you know, not growing. You know, you're not gonna grow every single year. And that's not that's okay. Some conditions I want to mention here is they face, whereas issues with Amazon, so the ranks, listings, reviews and issues with the with the pricing and margin in general, the future growth, I feel like it's linked to launch cadence and better channel diversification, spending patterns that I'm seeing in these brands. So this is kind of benchmark of where you want to be at. So if you're not in these like ranges of spending on cogs, ads, payroll, then you should try to get in those ranges. Number thing, number one thing is all these storage, return software promos, try to keeping it very low single digits and on the ads, if you're those that are mixing in off Amazon, are seeing a little bit of a bump. 29% spent nothing on off Amazon advertising, which I thought was a pretty small number. I see it's changing, and most you know that spent was still less than 5% that people are testing it returns are a big one. I know we had a conversation about this Deepak yesterday, and larger brands have a much lower percent of revenue in their returns. Median margins about 17% that's down from last year. Median EBITDA about 1.1 million, 72% increased their price and sold more units, about 38% reported a decline in their gross margins. In general, you know, higher revenue brands are winning. They're reporting that they're seeing they can invest better into advertising. They don't have to lever on Amazon so much. And they're seeing higher growth. So it pays off to be bigger what we're seeing in the marketplaces. So Amazon, us specifically, is still the leader here, but there is now, for the first time, ever significant revenue being generated on own website across this room now, MDS has historically been Amazon first, I think I see by the data that's changing where there's actually traction being caught off Amazon. There's four people in this room. They're doing over a million a month on Tiktok, which is great. So last year, the aggregate of the room was 1 million a month. Now we're at 10 million. So think about a platform year over year. How fast that's growing?

Speaker  156458:40
In general right now, 20% and that's really up. Have managed to not rely on Amazon for at least 50% of their revenue. That's they've. At least 50% is happening somewhere else. Amazon Canada was another one that was kind of moving, you know, pretty well. And you might see that, okay, tick tock is not on the list. That's, that's a that's, again, that was a data input issue. We didn't have tick tock as an option. But tick tock is represented in like the other marketplaces and stuff. So next year, you'll see tick tock directly on the list. But, I mean, we have specific questions for Tiktok, so we know that's like a channel people are moving on. In general, big box reported about one and a half greater revenue brands that we're doing on there, which is obviously big box drives big revenue on the hiring stats. What continues to lead is, you know, Philippines us hires. But what I see is there's a large chunk of people that mix in, people from different areas, Europe, Latin America, India, China, and they have them working in specific roles. Typical people here are paying about 6% of revenue. So, I mean, I wouldn't if you're paying more than 6% of your revenue on your team, you really got to think about, is it worth it? Are you growing too much? We have a typical team here has three full time, one part time and three vas, and it's heavily VA levered. About 83% have at least one VA. So power those vas? So people that have four or more VAs are seeing about double median revenue. So VAs are the power and median revenue really bumped up almost two times from last year, about a million dollars per team member. Now you guys aren't paying much for these people on your teams, I would say, because mostly, again, it's international, overseas, but most people have their bookkeeper, graphic designer, ads manager and director of ops in house. Director of Ops is on the rise. That was a thing. People started hiring more last year. The teams that had their ops ads supply roles, they were able to get about two times more launches than the teams that didn't. So those are important. And then, like bookkeeping and supply chain, were about like the most, you know, the first roles that people would get in their back office, or somebody working on those things. EOS continues to be a big thing. You know, members come in like new. Members Only 9% use EOS. So if you don't know what EOS is, I highly recommend you check out the book traction and try to implement in your business. 75% implement from reading that book, How to build a team. It's written on here. This is just an AI summary, but it's all the stuff that we already know. Hire for culture, character test, hard set, clear roles, KPIs, cut them fast when things aren't working, give a players more trust, communicate a lot, keep your SOPs nice, align incentives and make sure people are accountable. Breakdown of in house versus outsourced. So on the ops side, product dev launched customer service, listing creation that's almost no unanimously in house. The things that we see being outsourced to photography, web design, bookkeeping and graphic design. On the marketing side of things, I saw a couple bumps in specific categories of outsourcing. So specifically, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, PR and Tiktok. So those all bumps. So it looks like people are starting to outsource in those things. And that pretty much lines up, because it looks like when brands are smaller, like sub 7 million, they outsource more until they start bringing it in house. So once brands hit about 12 million median revenue, they start bringing all that stuff in house. So keep that in mind, if you're a larger brand, you're not bringing it in house. You should be thinking about that, because those numbers, you know, they're, they're almost single digits on all the things on there still about path, not really working on, working on email, SMS, Facebook, Google, or anything that's you know, related to driving additional traffic. So still an opportunity there from providers. This is what people are using HR recruitment, really. You know, there's a lot here. People use a pretty simple mix of tools, PVC. Most people do it in house, combination with scale insights. Scale insights in this room, we have a couple. So if you see here the MDS logo, that means the partners, we have an offer with them. And then the blue partners, they're actually have representation here, so you can talk to them on the reimbursements. Biggest bump was like on true ops, but seller investigators continues to read the pack, lead the pack split testing. I still don't know how 50% don't do split testing, but you know you guys are saying that it takes too much time and budget. I don't know. I think that's the number one thing you should be doing, and Intel, AVI is a great tool for that. Tamar, Peter, you guys are here three PL, if you use a three PL, you use tactical. Almost nobody that you know, there's a very few that don't use tactical for those three PL, but a W, D has absorbed a lot of that, and providers making a lot of impact. You know, seller board, Data Dive, you. Nomads join brands and frost politics some supply chain stats, medium containers shipped are up. You know, China continues to hold most important thing. China continues to hold a lot of dominance. About 25% are mixing in a sourcing agent with their own supply chain, with their own like things that they're doing and that is correlating to a better profit trend. Orders shipped are up. The most interesting thing I saw is like shipping really went down, and more people are investing in their own manufacture. In Process. 17% now are involved in their own manufacturing. And the biggest thing here is that that leads to 24 day median cycle time that's including production and shipping. So 45 and 30, that's 75 so it's almost three times less. And if you guys saw that, we had a presentation on Cache conversion cycles last year at the summit, you can probably see it in the app. It's really important for your cash conversion to have less cycle time. So think about it. And those guys have been selling more, almost done here. Tiktok creators, AI about 57% now, so double from last year. Have made a made a push onto Tiktok. You're spending about $70,000 a month. Sorry, $7,000 a year. So that's about 5000 a month. So people are just reducing their ad spend a lot of times and just putting that money towards Tiktok. And it's working out, about $2,000 a month is the median. But there's a big distribution. There's the big guys. There's a lot of guys trying to figure it out. Most are paying creators directly. But then there's a lot using platforms like joint brands, you Kat reacher and levanta on the AI side, chat GBT is king. You know, most are using chat GBT. I was surprised to see 36 have actually deployed agents or automations or like custom GPT is in their business, and it's usually on the content listings, ops and customer service. And I think was really funny. There was a an episode of all in podcast that just posted Friday. That's literally what they said, like, that's, that's where AI is working, and that's where you guys are doing it. So you guys know what, know what they're talking about. There's still a lot of brands not spending money on Tiktok and AI. So if you haven't, you know it's still your time. You can, you can still get in there, right? It's still very early, and just looking ahead, members are shifting from single channel. They're trying to build big moats in their business and to remain competitive. Most venture you need to be diverse. They're diversifying. You need to be efficient. You need to have discipline with your EBITDA and your spending. And if you can, you start building your own audience, and you start getting your supply chain moats set up. So Dan, center, are you here? I'm gonna call you out for a second. You met Chamath across from our pre dinner, right? And you told him you're an Amazon seller. So I know we are all at heart Amazon sellers, but I think that is a belief system that you need to cut away. You are an E commerce professional. You know, you use Amazon as a platform, and there are many e commerce professionals now succeeding on other platforms. You know, prior years, many have tried and it hasn't caught traction. It's catching traction. So, like, one thing for you guys in this room, if you're all in on Amazon, I mean, I know it pays the focus, but right now, it might pay to try out other things, because it is a time of things changing. 79% are pursuing off Amazon growth this year, and that's DDC and Tiktok are the leaders. Then a lot of going into retail International. But remember, retail is pushing high revenue growth things that just aren't working. Or, you know, like these long tail marketplaces, like Walmart, Etsy, eBay, some content formats like these long form videos, product based ads, you know, Amazon posts and reposting stuff. So, you know, low, low weight content formats, review strategies like divine merging doesn't CT working, and stuff for like ranking, like doing all this PPC, deep link and keyword stuffing stuff is just seeming to have not as great results. I know I went over, so I'm not going to go through the takeaways. But like, you know, this is it. Biggest takeaways, you know, MDS members grow faster than the market, diversify, build Moats. I think there was another one there, Tiktok, yeah, I think I said it all, oh, become a larger brand. That's it. Thank you guys. I went over a little bit, scanned this, give me some feedback on the Trend Report. It's a lot of work. It's very difficult to do. I try my best. I'm not a professional.
