Tiktok Channel May 2025
Date: April 24, 2025

Speaker  912:00
Welcome everyone. Yeah, welcome everyone. This is the Tiktok channel call. We did a few of these, a couple last year. I think we've got one down this year. My bad. I really need to be a little bit more consistent on these. Belayne and I set this up to where we will be doing this every fourth Thursday of the month, at 10am PST, so you can just put that in your calendar. We will be consistent with that. I promise you that either I will be here or or Hasan, both hasana and I will will try to be here, if not one of us will. So we can just kind of keep this, keep this going. The point of this channel is really just to kind of, you know, help everyone out with any Tiktok questions as much as possible. We're trying to keep the chat as active as possible. And then MDS app, there's another chat, a Facebook Messenger, one or, you know, or I'm not as active in because there's some non MDS members in. So the app chat is the best for that. And then these calls every month, you know, I am happy to lead these call or to be Hassan, and I super happy to help with these calls. But, you know, I'm just, I love, I'm super bullish on Tiktok and excited about Tiktok, but, um, you know, I wouldn't call myself a pro or anything. So I think, you know, getting us all together is what's gonna really help us, you know, figure this thing out, help some guys who haven't gotten started, and some, you know, there's, there's some guys in MDs that are already doing a million dollars a month on on Tiktok so and even they have issues. So we can all just kind of like put our heads together and figure this out. I think this is a great opportunity for all of us to crack this code. So with that, let's just open it up. Man. Hassan, do you have anything you want to add over the last couple of months?

Speaker  32042:40
No, not at all. Sorry, I can't go up. Tim, I got four nieces and nephews at my house because they're on Easter break and they're running around behind me right now. Cute. They're amazing. But no, no, I think first we should just start off. If anyone has seen success, I'd love to hear if anyone wants to just raise their hand and see what's success. But there's a couple of strategies I can talk about at the end that I've been here,

Speaker  38565:20
yeah, so since the last call, who, who has, uh, who has seen some success on Tiktok? Anybody who's,

Speaker  42229:20
I was just gonna say, like,

Speaker  43029:20
it's up from horrible.

Speaker  44074:40
So I'll take

Speaker  44762:40
it. That's good. You'd rather be where you're at now

Speaker  45738:40
Jason's level. But you know, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  47434:40
I'll say a lot of my what's I've been kind of throttling lately, the space that I'm in. We kind of put ourselves in a tough spot with having super strict specifications on on our product, and it's been hard to find so if anything, I'm like trying to slow down sales. So we've cut we've cut ad spend, and we're basically only focusing on lives because you can control lives as far as how many units, uh, a career can sell. But I'm excited to be in a position where inventory is no longer an issue, and we can really see where we can take this. And I'm definitely more than happy to kind of share what that strategy might look like. So

Speaker  59082:40
just, I'll give a couple of notes from what I've heard, I still talk to people about Tiktok regularly. That's what like most people come up to me about open affiliates is now working as well as you used to for three reasons. One, I talked to a couple affiliates pretty regularly. So one little hack, if an affiliate works, well, get their phone number and like, check in with them every other week, because those guys are really powerful, but they get probably like 70 messages a day at this point, and so they have started to just kind of ignore their inbox. I don't know if you guys have heard the same, but most affiliates have kind of ignored their inbox. They find a brand that they really like, and then go message that brand nowadays if they have moderate success. So the people that are kind of thriving right now are still the people that kind of found built relationships, like old school influencer relationships, and they're posting. They come in to be affiliated to post once a day. I am currently in conversation with four different affiliates to try and get them onto a contract to post every day. But these in their relatively decent sized following. All of them have, like, 60 to 100 or 200,000 followers, and it did have success with my products, but everyone's kind of skeptical right now, so I don't know if anyone's had success in that, like, kind of partnership, or what kind of breakthrough you've had, but yeah, that's what I've heard is working, is getting an affiliate to post every day, and the rate seems to be 100 to $150 yeah. Plus commission, or per post or for video, yeah, per video, per day, it's a pretty high commission, yeah,

Speaker  82032:00
but these are, like, insanely high unless you're paying a really low commission. Well,

Speaker  83392:00
like, you know the ones I'm talking to, I already have 200,000 followers, so,

Speaker  85200:00
yeah, we tried that. Like I, I hired a girl who is, like, niched into my niche. Like, all she posts about is beauty, makeup, etc. Should half million followers, like the majority of her videos were getting, you know, not, not the majority, but a decent amount, percentage wise, we're getting good views. And she clearly knew how to create content if she's gotten to that many followers and whatever she wanted 1000 bucks to post a video. And I was like, fuck it. I'm gonna try it like, you know, roll with the big dogs for a minute. You know her, her video got like 1200 views, so I was paying like $1 per view, and and then I and I realized, like yet, I had a girl who had 2000 followers, who was not even a Tiktok affiliate. She was just a customer of ours post a carousel or a fucking slideshow, whatever they call it, and drove $57,000 in sales from Amazon to Amazon with no links, with no nothing. So I'm like to me it's all about the content, not about how many followers the Creator has.

Speaker  108874:39
Yeah. So to be clear, these are people that have already sold a lot of water bottles from previous posts that they did. So I'm reaching out to people that already have shown success and trying to convince them to keep posting every day because their content was already good. Like I already know their content was good. And once you find someone who's content is good, your goal is to get them to post quantity once, once they're you know that it's good. So for example, the main one we've talked to helps sell probably about 200k of product. And so she but it happened once, and I'm trying to get, I'm I want to get her into a relationship where she posts all the time, not that. I think it'll happen, even if it's 200k a month, that's fine. I'll pay 3k for 200k a month. You know, you just, I just need one out of 20 videos to go viral from her,

Speaker  120725:20
if that makes sense. So yeah,

Speaker  121541:19
can I ask a quick question? Here is my understanding that it's to your point. Pru, and I think I've heard you say this, Alex, the follower account really doesn't mean a whole lot, right? It's frequency of posting, content, obviously, content and frequency of posting, is that really what wins the game here?

Speaker  128746:40
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  129200:00
So um, Alex will probably have heard the same thing from Parker. There's a guy, an MDS named Parker, who's like, studied the algorithms every which way to Sunday. And there's a few things that looks at. One is each creator, as far as the algorithm goes, get sort of niched in by Tiktok into like, what is this page about? If they're posting content that's like all over the map, like they're showing their kids one day and talking about health this day and beauty that day? Like, Tiktok doesn't love that, because it's not a clear concept of what that page is about, and therefore who the audience for that is, right? So Tiktok likes a similar sort of topic. It likes posting every day. The example that Parker gives is like, if you're dating somebody and you just stop showing up, that person's not going to keep dating you. You need to stay like you need to be in touch regularly with them, or they're going to be like, I'm out and Tiktok feels the same way about you. So it's about posting regularly, and then it's about like, the actual content itself in, like, the hook, the suspense and the payoff, not giving the payoff too early, where they're not coming through the the two second mark, and then the, you know, additional six second mark, but that you're stringing them along that entire time before you hit them with the payoff. And then Tiktok algorithm is going to show it to even more people. And then there's a different algorithm for if a post has a product connected to it or not, there's two completely separate algorithms, right?

Speaker  157178:40
And they behave differently,

Speaker  158122:40
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think the main thing is, though, Scott, to answer your question is, is right? It. Doesn't matter. It's not like Instagram or YouTube shorts, it's a different algorithm. So you can have practically no fault. Well, you need 5000 followers to link to shop, right? But, you know, and one of proof's case is the she didn't even have 5000 followers. She wasn't even a shop creator. She just posted a slideshow and had 50, you know, how many views was that to generate 57,000 sales?

Speaker  165408:00
Oddly, she only got, like, just shy of 80,000 views, wow, but crazy amount of like, likes and comments and stuff like that. And because it was such an organic post, and it was like, we didn't, we don't know who this chick is or whatever, and none of the brands did, because it was so organic and authentic, like the people who did see it. It was very believable, right? The whole post was like products I switched to clean, like a clean product that I got from Amazon in 2024 and she didn't even like she it was every photo was just her holding the product, and it was all over the it was like, house, cleaning, stuff, laundry, stuff like, it wasn't just beauty or health or anything like that. It was like just random shit she got on Amazon that she bought a cleaner version in 2024

Speaker  181104:00
question, how have you been able to track the sales if they didn't have a Tiktok shop with with attribution on Amazon?

Speaker  184917:20
Yeah, it's not scientific. There's no way to do that, obviously, but we track it through like, branded search, where it's like, branded brand and product name that they posted about, and then we look at like, how we even found out about this post is there was a massive spike in sales. Like, it all happened within like, two hours. So that's your first clue. Yeah. And then so we went looking for, like, what's happening? What? What went viral? Nobody had tagged us. Oh, okay, a lot of people tagged us and stuff all day long, but, like, nothing viral or anything that made sense. And then finally, we found this girl's post, and we were like, oh, okay, this is it. And the the time aligned perfectly, and everything like that. So oddly for us, the ones that have gone viral, they have been that sort where, like we had no relationship with the person. We had no idea they were posting. They they didn't tag us, they didn't hashtag us, they didn't nothing. And we have to go hunting, and it's very annoying. So I actually spoke to the owners, the developer of Yuka, so that they're building in something that does social listening, similar to archive. If any of you are familiar with archive,

Speaker  206554:40
you'll pretty much know

Speaker  207162:40
like your product will double in sales and you, you won't out

Speaker  208384:00
of nowhere. Yeah,

Speaker  208656:00
it won't be, like,

Speaker  209184:00
a surprise. It won't be like, oh, did it go viral? I sold three extra units. Like, that's not it's gonna double or more. We had like, a 5x on that day. So obviously, it was the video. They just put a rough estimation around it. So one

Speaker  212608:00
thing that we've done, we went to California to the exposure for supplements, and we saw goalie doing a lot of lives. So then we went and we logged in, we signed up for their discord channel. Has anyone entered goalies discord channel to check what they're doing? They have, like, a massive team of like people engaging with influencers. They're giving up Teslas and all that stuff. Have you guys engage with their communities to see what they do and try to replicate it in a smaller scale?

Speaker  221546:40
Yeah, I think that's a great idea. That's what we're trying to do. I'm in their discord. I'm in their affiliate program and everything. I haven't sold anything for them, but just to kind of spy, that's the goal. I think, if you can get as many affiliates, if you're still using a bot to get affiliates through Tiktok, you try to get them off the chat and put them into your your discord. If they've posted a video for you and generate itself, they'll be more I get, I get people hitting me up on Tiktok chat, like, Hey, do you have a discord? Hey, do you have discord? There's they're catching on to the fact that that's where the big brands that know what they're doing, that's what they're doing. So it's a great idea, definitely. Why not?

Speaker  233189:20
And I think a very interesting idea is to create, like, a structure where you offer this type of gifts, because, as I know, goalie gave their creators, Teslas and holidays free laptops. And if you do lives 30 hours combined for their product, they give you all these benefits and stuff. And I think that can keep the community and the influencers engaged for a longer time. Yeah.

Speaker  240096:00
Yeah, you need to if you're going to build a community like that. Though, I would recommend having someone manage it, because, one, you need to keep people excited. You need to gamify it. I know a couple of brands personally that are doing this right now, and they're going through agencies, but and they're seeing some serious success. Like, you know, one of my friends went from zero to 500k a month, pretty fast. I think they are, like, doing the exact same program as goalie, but, like, it's a lot of effort to maintain that community. So I wouldn't jump to it until you're ready to have someone manage it. Stuff, you have to do stuff, like, if someone's video goes viral, you want to, like, share that with the community, write notes on why I've been viral, and then the rest of the community can post. So that's how you really get that feedback

Speaker  251365:20
loop. And what do you think in terms of operational need you will need to have, in terms of, like, people managing, how many people, how many hours was the structure there? Because goalie had, like, a lot of people, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  254810:40
I mean, you hire people as you get bigger, right? So, I mean, as long as you straw for the one, you'll know if it's working or not. And once it's working, then you can worry about hiring more, all right, it's just, I wouldn't do it without having someone at least focused on the community that's kind of, yeah. Then you'll put in a lot of effort and it will fail because it takes a lot of hand it takes a lot of hand holding and like encouragement and like personality to do it. Yeah,

Speaker  260384:00
it requires momentum. Like, yeah. I mean, if you don't have momentum on Tiktok shop, then there's no reason for people to join the discord. It's like, you need to have like, a rush of affiliates wanting to work with you. So I would think about it that way. Is like, get through the cold start, get to like, a few 100 grand a month, and then you're in a better position to, like, funnel them in. You know what I mean? Yeah, if you're just starting, are you guys doing

Speaker  267338:40
the Fernando? Are you guys doing the community too? Honestly, we've

Speaker  268298:40
tried it twice. We suck at it, yeah? Truthfully, we're not good at the community management. So we're looking at hiring someone specifically for it that, like, is more Gen Z and understands like,

Speaker  271834:40
yeah, my 20 years old?

Speaker  272880:00
Yeah, exactly. I think for us, yeah, we found that working with testing different creator groups to be better, and then we're just starting to build up more of a live team. Think live is easier, like, the math is easier to, like, understand for us, and so that's kind of what we're scaling.

Speaker  278133:19
Also, you guys gotta keep in mind, goalie is 100% running that at a loss. There is no doubt. There's no mathematics that makes sense. They're running it at a loss, and they're hoping for the lift and LTV on Amazon. I'm sure they're getting a lift on Amazon too, don't get me wrong, and I'm sure they're having the LTV. But like, if you're running that program, your first order will be at a

Speaker  283162:39
loss. Also, they've been bankrupt last year, and I think they've been bought in with a huge cash infusion, right? If I'm not wrong,

Speaker  285162:39
yeah. Like, I do think long term economics do play out. Although my big question, I don't know if anyone actually knows the answer to this, my gut assumption is that the LTV from a Tiktok buyer is not the same as an LTV from an Amazon buyer? Oh, for sure, because someone repack at a discount just because they found a viral video, is not the same as someone searching for that supplement because they actually need it. And so that's what I wonder, if their economics plays out, or if other economics plays out, but I think only like supplement sellers have been doing it for like, a year, would

Speaker  293072:00
know the answer to that, but on Amazon, you can track the LTV. But do can you track that same LTV in in Tiktok shop, the

Speaker  294661:20
person is not coming back to Tiktok shop to buy it, right? Like, that's what makes it complicated.

Speaker  295653:20
Isn't that a program for Subscribe and say, for supplements and consumables?

Speaker  297061:20
Yeah, they're all in and out. Okay?

Speaker  298021:19
And do you guys have any of you access to that? We have a call yesterday, actually, with our Tiktok manager, and they said that they want to enroll us anytime soon. So

Speaker  301034:40
last I checked, I still didn't have access. But I'll check again,

Speaker  301994:40
because I look at I look at Tiktok shop, and everything I do on Tiktok as a way, like as a top middle and bottom of funnel strategy to drive traffic elsewhere and like awareness, because any order like, and I was listening to an operator's podcast episode recently too, and they're talking about like, especially with tariffs and All that. Like you really do need to be first order profitable on a lot of these platforms, like Tiktok shop, for example, because you can't be banking on the LTV of these guys when they're generally like, I believe the the overall quality of the Tiktok shop buyer is a lot lower than elsewhere, and so their LTV will be lower. They're kind of just like looking for the latest deal, and that's what Tiktok shop is completely structured around, like they want you to constantly be running discounts and deals, and it's on. Sale. And if you see a lot of the videos that go viral, it's like, oh, I think they this brand messed up, and they are offering it for this lower deal or whatever. Like these people are so driven by the impulse buy,

Speaker  325359:59
you're on mute,

Speaker  326085:19
yes, so sorry. One thing that we also do, I don't know who else does this, is that we run the Tiktok shop on like, 10 to 15% even 20% higher price on the product compared to Amazon. So we create a lot of spillover. And on Amazon, because we have consumables, we do an aggressive Subscribe and Save coupon, so we hook the customers into the Subscribe and Save so we have that higher LTV. But for example, if we sell the product for like, $25 on Amazon, we're going to do 30 or $32 on Tiktok. The

Speaker  334522:40
only thing I'll say about that we do that for some of our products too. But if your conversion rate is lower on Tiktok are also impacting the virality of the videos. So if people end up searching on Amazon and buying on Amazon and they're not buying on Tiktok shop, Tiktok will limit the virality of your videos, so you might be capping your potential. No one knows for sure, but just something to be wary of. The highest Yeah, the more

Speaker  341600:00
I agree, yeah, I agree with Hassan. I used to do the same thing. I was like, $5 more on Tiktok than I was on on on Yeah, $5 more on Tiktok than it was on Amazon. Couple things. One, to us, on point, you're going to maybe restrain yourself from going more viral, because the conversion rate is going to be lower. And two, once you really start bringing in more affiliates that are working directly with you. They're not going to be happy about it being cheaper on Amazon, especially on lives. People will straight up comment on a live it's cheaper on Amazon, and there goes your fucking live. It's over. Everyone's going to see that, and they're just not going to buy.

Speaker  352090:39
Oh, there, I guess, stop that.

Speaker  353023:59
Test it. We

Speaker  353808:00
have been testing it. Yes, we've been testing it with ads and all that. And we have, like, very good SFR for the branded keywords. So we started from like 1 million SFR, and now we're, like, 150,000

Speaker  357295:59
or something. No, there's no doubt that you're going to get more views on Amazon. The question, the question to test is, are you limiting the virality of the videos? So one way to test it is even better. It's just to do is you would either do a coupon or a flash deal. I think flash sales work really well. Do a three day flash sale, tell all your affiliates you're doing a three day flash sale, and then bump up your ad spend on Tiktok at the same time, and see if the videos go like, accelerate even faster and they can like, even, even though people think the morality the video is done like, we essentially took a video from like, you know, 50k views to like, 40 million views through GMB Max, like we've just boosted the out of it for four months. So and then every time we did a Flash show, like, the videos kept accelerating more and more. So it didn't just end that first time.

Speaker  371808:00
I have a little thing I've noticed on GMV max that could be helpful to anybody. I feel like I've tested like, every way you could possibly run GMB Max, which is not a lot, because there's very little you can do in there. But um, we're currently working with an agency, and um, what they did, which I never tried this granularly, is they put one product per GMP Max campaign I used to have, like, just my best sellers in there, and that worked, and that the less products I had, I noticed it worked better and better each time, because we kept running into this issue where when you try to scale the campaign and spend more, you just hit this threshold where you can't spend more, and therefore you know aren't going to make more. But now, with just like one to one GMV Max campaigns, it's way better, like, we're able to spend a lot more and with a much better ROAs,

Speaker  392101:20
yeah, I always, I always do one skew per for a campaign, yeah,

Speaker  393317:20
one super campaign. And then the Heck, I've been telling people since, like, last October, and it still works somewhat, is if your GME campaign, Jimmy Max campaign, kind of hits a, I don't know what the word is like, just hit the threshold where it will stop spending or be less effective. Turn it off. Find a bunch of videos that didn't get a lot of views, but you really like the content, and you think like this video should be working, and Jimmy Max just isn't giving you credit. Pop it into. Do a product video ads campaign, run everything at like, a $50 per day budget. So take your, you know, take 15 to 20 videos. So you think these should be better? One after $50 a day, see which one works. Scale that up. And then, after two weeks, turn the Jimmy Max back on. And the video that worked in the product shopping will suddenly get a lot more spend in the Jamie Max campaign. So it's like, turn it off, fine tune it with product, shopping, video ads, then turn Jimmy Max back on. And that does tend to work really well. And then it'll just, you gotta, we kind of gotta loop that every eight weeks or so. It tunnels, Jamie Max definitely tunnels. Pretty much everyone I know has that issue. It tunnels into two videos or three videos, and stop spinning on everything else. Okay? Prana, anything working with you or your clients that you know, like, is this, are you guys still doing the master affiliate outreach, and is that still working? Or is that kind of

Speaker  413642:40
slowed down? Yeah, I think it works if you're already hit scale. I don't think it's necessary. I mean, or I think, you know, I think a lot of people were doing these, like, kind of three to $500 a month retainers

Speaker  418128:00
for people that weren't as good, and sometimes getting lucky.

Speaker  419295:59
I think what I'm at least from our experience, and it's, I'd rather pay someone that like 1500 to 2000 for the same 30 posts, but in the last 30 days, they've driven whatever 30k GMP for another similar type of brand, and so you're hiring fewer of those. But yeah, I think that, yeah, just focusing on better creators that have actually proven that they've driven GMB. And then if you want, you can add, maybe supplement, or maybe you you start building momentum that way. And then I guess you could potentially hire like the cheaper ones to bring your like average costs down, and then they just copy the more successful creators, if that makes sense, yeah. And so I would, I would consider that.

Speaker  433872:00
And then,

Speaker  434559:59
yeah, there was something else I'm totally blanking, but yeah, I think that's like, that's a lot of what we're doing. If you have a high net price points, I think there's, there's a lot of, like, live agencies that you can kind of work with, that's, like, only on variable cost, which is kind of cool. So that's something we're like, we're looking at testing, but yeah, hope it's a lot of what we're doing. We're starting to invest more in, like, branded content. I think that's going to be, like, more of a qualifier as things go on. And so where I think a lot of like, Amazon, native brands didn't do that, and so I think we're, we're kind of starting to invest more there, too.

Speaker  445066:40
Yeah, I will say, from my perspective, my all my experience is either in the wall ball space or the game space. And I know, personally, pretty well for the top five game people that like, if you look at the Games page, I know for them. And two of them are in MDS, and the only things that seem to work so exploiting kittens, I know their team really well. They hired a full time team to do Tiktok, and that's what works. Ransom notes is good friends of mine, they hired someone full time through Tiktok. That's what works for them. Internal videos, exploring kids. Internal videos, this company called Lost Boy games to do a card game called piles. They sold like, 300,000 copies last year, not just a Tiktok shop, because Tiktok they make the videos in house. Almost everyone that's kind of working well are making the videos in house. So, like, that's just something to keep in mind. Like, what we're trying to do is find creators and to have them make videos on our account. Because it just seems like long term, like it's back to the basics. You got to make the videos in house. I think,

Speaker  461226:39
yeah, I think that's true too. The the brands that are not not that you can't do it without doing that. But I think the brands that are setting themselves up for success in the long run are are posting on their own brand accounts every single day. I've heard,

Speaker  465056:00
I've heard from Tiktok directly that, you know, they want to see brands acting like, brands, being legit, posting content, being part of the ecosystem, and building your audience, and warming people up to your content, right, and building followers and fans, because the algorithm is smart. It knows the brand is posting and it knows people are posting. This is almost how they avoid like spam, right? And like crummy content is by verifying it through like the audiences of the brands as well. So they want a whole they want the whole ecosystem, for sure.

Speaker  475482:39
I think the Yeah, I think the initial arbitrage of, like, all this gamification stuff is kind of died down, and now we're just packing to, like organic content, to be kind of Bucha guys, like, there are still hacks that work, and there's still a lot of gamification, unless you have a really high LTV. The end, if you're trying to be first order profitable, I think it's just going to come down to the end of the day making really good content, and the only two ways to do that are you partner with people that make really good content and make it consistently with them, or you make it yourself. I'm not sure there really are other middle grounds that still work, yeah, or at least lead to consistent results. I

Speaker  484687:59
just watched a video. It was like, you know, confirming that, like, basically all the revenue that you're generating is from like, the top 5% of the videos that you ever posted. So it's like, you have to post a lot of content, but like, in general, like, the best the quality content is going to work. But you can't just post quality content, because that doesn't work either, right? You need, like, all the levels of content, and you don't know what's going to actually work. So it's like you it's a printer principle, right? 80, 80% of revenue is going to come from 20 in this case, it's like five to 10% of your videos, and then, like, the top 1% is what's driving 80% of the revenue from that audience.

Speaker  496218:39
Can anyone speak about repurposing content? And I mean, I'm really green with all this stuff, by the way. I mean, if it's not obvious, but I'm hearing that in order to keep a constant flow every day of posting, you know, two or three times a day. Maybe, maybe that's optimal. I'm hearing you can repurpose content, but you have to be careful how you do it, because you'll get tagged as identical content or something like that. And, but, but if you do it the right way, it's it's, it's okay and it's helpful. Does anybody repurpose content?

Speaker  508938:40
Like, the only times we ever have, we've gotten slapped, we don't do it really, you gotta read.

Speaker  510266:40
You gotta redo the content in some way. Like, right?

Speaker  511130:40
Like, different music, different ins and outs for the for the clips different, yeah,

Speaker  512640:00
all the frames. Change the frames around. If you can change the like the figure, we call it like the contrast and the lighting

Speaker  515968:00
speed inverse. It mirror it,

Speaker  517087:59
right, right? Yeah, you got to change. I mean, I repurpose content all the time, but it's content from YouTube that I'm just chopping up differently for Tiktok. I'm not taking a Tiktok video and reposting it as a new Tiktok video

Speaker  520469:20
I see. Okay,

Speaker  520789:20
Alex, are you doing the lives? Are the lives still going well?

Speaker  522165:19
Yeah, that's right. Now, because of my inventory situation, I'm basically reserving all my inventory for my live team, so like 80% of my sales are lives, yeah,

Speaker  525114:40
and that's going really well. And

Speaker  525466:40
what about running multiple channels? Anybody running like multiple creators running separate channels,

Speaker  528138:40
like from your own brand,

Speaker  528720:00
like, as if they're all they're doing, or they create a separate, I prove we did this with you for a little bit. But like creating, you know, supplement love and something Yeah, like

Speaker  532272:00
that, and then having tabs, methods,

Speaker  532928:00
like, continuously on those channels to drive traffic to your main channel, or to, you know, having more. Because I'm seeing that working in the app space, like a lot of app makers are doing this now, like with multiple channels, and, like, 1020 Tiktok channels, and just driving, like, awareness of their

Speaker  536917:20
apps. And, yeah, um, tabs method, right? The

Speaker  537845:20
tabs method, basically, it's like, it's kind of hasn't gone away, but it keeps coming back, but I feel like, you know, it's not like oversat, it's like you're getting so many more eyeballs, because every video at least gets four or 500 views, right? So like you're just multiplying that effect, and then some of them actually take off.

Speaker  542618:39
Yeah, we I do it. I do that for slideshows. I have about 20 channels doing slideshows.

Speaker  544762:39
No. Nice. Who? Alex. Who do you have doing that? Because the VPN issue, like, you can't get overseas people.

Speaker  547296:00
We have a few overseas people. I got guys in check with Slovakia doing it. Some guys in the UK doing

Speaker  548528:00
and they're actually doing the posting as well. Yeah, yeah, and you don't find that that throttles the content to just those countries where it's being posted.

Speaker  551061:20
Now we ask for reports every month before we pay out bonuses to see the where the views are coming from the US. Yeah.

Speaker  553301:20
Okay, interesting.

Speaker  554133:20
If you want, I can put you in touch with my manager to see if he's got any availability for put together a team for you

Speaker  555786:39
Sure. Yeah. Have you guys heard about the whole like creating multiple profiles yourself, hundreds of them, running them with proxies, and

Speaker  558970:39
I'm not that fucking smart or have the time to do. Uh, myself,

Speaker  560768:00
yeah, I've heard of it. I'm gonna test it here soon. 100 accounts posting once a day, 30 days, yeah,

Speaker  562896:00
oh yeah.

Speaker  563776:00
It's still good content. Still beats, beats, like the mask thing. I feel like, if you have a garbage content and you post it to 1000 different accounts, it'll Yeah,

Speaker  566181:19
that's 100% true. It's AI, but you still need a human right. If you're

Speaker  567493:20
posting like killer content and then you're spreading it to 50 accounts just to increase your chance of going viral, then that's a different story. But you have to have really good content like, it won't work if you're just posting, like, a mediocre content or AI stuff or slide shows, that's like, there's no chance it'll go viral on the best account, and then you're spreading it like across, you know, hundreds of I agree that there's certain accounts like you post same exact content on one account and then the other, on One account, it'll go viral. On the other it'll, it'll, won't even reach 1000 views. But it's the same like, I agree that there's some sort of algorithmic thing that Tiktok is doing on one account, that other account will have it, yeah, but it has also a second level to it. Just because something goes viral doesn't mean it's selling so this double thing that we care about, so going viral is good for warming up a profile like an account, right? But then if you actually want to sell, you have to also do extra good quality content that,

Speaker  585669:20
yeah, but it's all doable. I mean, you know, we talked about replicating a video, changing some frames, whatever FFmpeg scripts and stuff like, if something is working, even if it's like someone you hire, like an influencer creator and like, it's a really good video, could report that you could just create a second version and third version using the same original video, and then post that 50 times on the same day. So in theory, you could, it doesn't have to be AI. AI is better because it's cheaper, but it doesn't have to be AI. Yeah,

Speaker  594768:00
if you have a if you have a discord full of you know creators, someone goes viral, share with that discord and let everyone know. Hey, this hook worked. Copy it.

Speaker  597936:00
How about drag myself?

Speaker  601397:19
I have a question that I do remember,

Speaker  602677:20
what are you guys doing as far as like because so we have an agency where we have 10 creators who post 30 times a month for 300 pieces of content. That agency also does all the content strategy and that sort of thing as well, and gets rid of any creatives who are not performing shares like they're doing the whole thing, of like, communicating to the content creators. Of like, Hey, this is what's working. This is not working, whatever. However, internally, we're also doing the affiliate center stuff, right? Targeted collabs, open collabs, etc. And we've, we've gone back and forth over the years of like the spray and pray trying to hit everybody. Just give out free product, which gets expensive. We give out a lot of free product, and get mostly garbage content, you know? And then we've tried, okay, only work with creators who have X amount of GMV. What are you guys seeing as a good baseline for determining, okay, yeah, I'm going to send free product to this person or not. Who do I want to invite or not? That sort of thing?

Speaker  625791:59
Yeah, I think the spray and pray thing is, is, is over, you know, because, you know, in the beginning you only need to give out 100 or then it went to 500 and then now it's 1000 and then expect, well, you're not in this situation, but especially if you're just starting this, that's not a good way to cold start when you have zero sales and you have a bot going out to affiliates, asking them for a sample, asking to take a sample. When you have zero sales, like only person that's going to take that product is someone wants free shit. You got zero sales. There's no proof of concept. Why would they want your product, you know? So you're just giving away product for free. I know you're not in that situation, but still, even you know one of my product that has 30,000 sales, I'm still really picky, because I don't, we don't do outreach for the affiliate center. They all just ask us for for product, and we're really picky. You about who we, who we give it to, just because it's just a waste of time. Usually you need 50,000 GMB minimum. And then, even then, we look at your account. Just now that you know, like after talking to Parker, like the whole cluster stuff, you need to look at their account. And just even this even makes sense for them. And that takes, that takes a human to actually do. So once you start being picky, you're only gonna prove like one out of 30. I have

Speaker  647669:20
a question with that agency. I think we spoke to the same agency. We didn't go through with it, because after checking and seeing the creators that they used for Jason, they weren't top tier creators. What are you seeing? Like, are you seeing any positive results? Or,

Speaker  653210:40
yeah, they're not top tier creators. And I had this same conversation with them, and basically they were like, Well, these guys all have multiple accounts, and so the account you're looking at may not be, like, say they have a beauty account, a home account, whatever, right? Some of them have done well, and some of them have not. I very much get them to, like, keep the back door fucking open, kick them out quick. Like,

Speaker  662565:20
that's the main job, I think,

Speaker  662981:19
yeah, we don't need three months to figure out that they don't fucking understand how to create content, right? So

Speaker  665701:20
we,

Speaker  666485:20
after month one, they basically kicked out all the people who didn't perform, kept the people who did like they go through a whole like funnel of testing, angles, hooks and creators, and then they sort of whittle it down as they go through the funnel. I you know, I would never recommend somebody unless they like, I've given it enough time to really test them and understand if it's great or not. And I'm not there yet, so I don't, I don't have any like, hell, yeah, these guys are fantastic. And I don't have any like, they're not good. I'm ready to fire them because it's too soon. I do have weekly calls with them, and I'm like, up their fucking asshole all the time about it.

Speaker  681445:20
Probably 10 creators on retainer. Yeah.

Speaker  682821:20
Yeah. So, but like, if they can get it to go, it can go right, it'll pay off. So I'm willing to do the investment up front.

Speaker  686730:39
Otherwise,

Speaker  687498:40
you know? I mean, the thing is, when I work with agencies, people know I'm a loud mouth generally, and so I'm like, if, if you don't deliver what you promise, I tell them straight up, like, if you don't deliver what you promise, and you oversell your shit to me, like, I'm gonna tell people not to use you, Not because I'm an asshole. But I've spent, you know, 40,000 bucks, or whatever it is, to give you a try. And I don't want other people who maybe that's a really lot of money to them, and they don't need to spend that money if I already did, and know that you under, under delivered, you know? So I just remind people of that, and the reverse is true as well. Like agencies I work with, who fucking crush it. I bring them a lot of business, just from people ask me, who do you use for this? Who do you use for that? Right? Like, I'm not out there trying to be some affiliate for anybody, but it's just how the world works. So I really try and hold their feet to the fire and keep pressure on them to perform. And I want them to perform. I am paying them a lot of money. I don't want to flush it down the toilet. I want them to perform. So, yeah, I'm, you know, hoping and praying right now.

Speaker  709456:00
So right now, you're not even close to being break even on using them. I'm not

Speaker  711061:20
if you just look at the GMV from their creators, but I will say that since I started using them, my Tiktok, GMB, overall has been going up.

Speaker  716490:40
How that works, I don't know, but I

Speaker  717530:39
heard it from another guy on the one viral is how they they first did a push on a lot of free sample. Goals, and then they stopped, and then they did another push with ad spend behind it, and it just took off. And I feel like it's the you kind of like terminal velocity, where you're supposed to reach an X amount of affiliate videos and then put some money behind it, and Tiktok will might give you a chance, or something like that. But back to the agency, did you find any value at all in them? Kind of like with their finding an angle, like, that's the mode, to me, was like the most value of the what they bring, not the creators themselves, yeah, you can go find creator on your own, but like them, having like copywriters that help like narrow down certain neat like angles and like, they test this angle on three, three different groups of creators, and then they go with the one that works. Did you see that to be valuable? Or you knew you like, you're the one that actually directed that?

Speaker  735770:40
Um, their stuff that they came to us with was actually pretty good. And I was like, Great, let's test it. Like, I'm not trying to be the expert. I'm not a fucking expert. So I want, if I'm paying them to be the expert, like, let them try it. It's either gonna work or it's not gonna work right. Last week, I did have a call with their guy who is this sort of creative strategist, guy who talks to the creators, and I was like, schooling him a little bit on stuff I'd learned from Parker and like, angles that I thought of, and hooks that I thought of, and that sort of thing. And sometimes, like, he's a guy who's, like, relied on by a lot of brands to ideate stuff. And like, he probably doesn't have anybody to talk to. And I know, like when Parker does hooks, he he has, like, a room of five people that sit at a table for fucking hours and just bounce off of each other about coming up with hooks. And I feel like it sometimes takes that. And so he told me at the end of the conversation. He was like, this was actually really helpful. I came up with a bunch of ideas just while we were talking. And I was like, right, let's try them. So I come up with stuff because I'm looking and I'm seeing what are my competitors are doing and whatever. But I also want them to, like, you guys, bring something to the table as well, you know, but ultimately, like, we gotta work together, like we're partners in this, so I don't mind helping, um, but I like we both need to be involved.

Speaker  761957:20
Yeah. Reason I'm asking is because go, like I'm at an understanding right now is that it depends on the product a lot, because sometimes, like these brands that didn't do anything, they just sent it out, the creators helped find the angles for the sale, selling, right? But look going forward, I'm gonna, I'm launching products with the angle marketing angle as the backbone, like, I'm going from there, okay, here's a need or here's content that works, yeah. Like, can I fill it with a product and what? What would that product look like? So that, like, just looking at Jason success, like he went from zero to 500,000 sales because of the angle, right? It wasn't like there, his product existed there. There's products on Amazon that were what he's selling. He just put packaged it up in a nice marketing angle, and that's what the creators used. And it went so it's either, you know, my product is good. Now, let's find a marketing angle to for these creators to use, and that'll make the video go viral. Like, it's not the product going viral, it's the video with what they're selling, the solution as so to me, I feel like it's down to, you know,

Speaker  782762:40
yeah, we haven't found, like, a viral angle like that yet. I don't believe like I don't think we found a clear winner yet.

Speaker  785696:00
If that answers your question,

Speaker  786768:00
and that's the hard part, right? If you have a bunch of products, they might just not have the angles and those. If I'm looking at some successful product on Tiktok, they might just have had the first advantage mover, and then I have to do much right? But now I'm launching product that's kind of look alike, even more improved, but it won't go because, you know, like there's already a market leader, and you're not offering much in terms of the angle.

Speaker  795994:40
Hey guys, sorry I I'm on my phone. I can't figure out how to turn on my camera, but Alex, you mentioned that on a cold start, you would not recommend giving away because you just have no validity to your account and that type of thing and no good affiliates want to get involved. What? You recommending as a cold start, an alternative now, if it's not a Bucha and a giveaway,

Speaker  801696:00
yeah? Um, yeah. So you gotta get as many sales as you can. It's going you gotta go from zero to 100 maybe 500 maybe 1000 depending on product category you're in sales. And so that little number that shows up next to your product as fast as possible. How do you do that when you know you don't have any sales, right? So there's few ways to do it. I think, you know, just like the way we used to think about launches back in the day with, you know, like Viral Launch, rebate, key, all that stuff, we were willing to give up a ton of money to do it. And I think we just have to adapt that same mindset when it comes to this high discounts. Ramp up your ads. You know, flash sales at 80% off friends and family. I think Celico is doing a little something. I'm not sure if it's if it's safe, but people are even doing it giveaways. As last I checked on my own account, because I have two brands I'm running on Tiktok, and when my guys are doing lives for my supplement brand, and they give away a product. So giveaways I use in lives to kind of just keep people in the room. They're fun. Ways to get people to comment. It helps with engagement. They'll give away one of my bowls in the live and that giveaway, even though it's free, counts as a sale. So that's a way to generate some sales. I think that's the best way, if you could link up with the brand that's doing lives, because not only is it just 100% legit, there's no shadiness going on.

Speaker  829690:40
You don't pay the Tiktok commission,

Speaker  830938:40
and it's real eyeballs seeing your product during the live so a lot of people enter that giveaway. Let's say 50 people enter the giveaway, and only one person wins. 49 people know about your product. Now sometimes they're so mad that they've lost it, they just go and buy it. I've seen that too, so that's that's something I stumbled upon, literally, like, two weeks ago. I heard no one else talk about it. Yeah, uh, Alex, I hope that answers your question. It's, it's, you know, we just have to get back to that mindset,

Speaker  839557:20
yeah, for sure. You just gotta be aggressive and go hard at first,

Speaker  840613:20
right, right now, like, from you knowing what Tiktok is in the marketplace, like the launch, would you agree that you need to have like, a unique, like marketing angle to enter, like, with a new product? Or would you just try to spread, obviously, not spread and pay, but even hiring creators on retainer to help figure out the angle, like, what would you going

Speaker  849200:00
from? What? So, yeah, I mean, I take calls, I don't know, three or four calls a week from MDS members. Anyone can call with me for 30 minutes if you want to chat. And there are products that I'm more excited about for them than others, you know? So it's just true, some products are going to be easier and better and more fun to talk about, right than than others, but at the same time, I haven't come across a product where I'm just like deer over it. Don't even try. I haven't been able to say that to anybody yet. That could be because if someone does have that kind of product, they're probably not even thinking about calling me or talking to me. So same thing. If you were to hit up, you know, creator's corner, the guys who launched miracle Moo and evil goods and a lot of stuff, if you were to hit them up, if, you know, six months ago, when they're taking calls, they would turn down products. They would be like, Ah, sorry, man, I don't see, I don't see how this is going to work. So you're right there. There are products just that won't, that won't work. Um, but, you know, I mean, people are selling $5 million backyard renovations on on Tiktok, you know, like there are random stuff being so it's just, you just have to find, find, find a way to find a way to do it. Not all products will work with, you know, a team of creators, 10 creators on retainer, posting every day for 30 days. Maybe that won't work, but maybe something else will. But, you know, we haven't thought of in the end, it's just eyeballs, man, like you gotta be able to go viral.

Speaker  873221:20
Where are you finding your live stream creators?

Speaker  874213:20
I train them up through the their affiliates that post for me already. You know, two, three times, two to three, two to three times a week. And then they, they also do lives, or they want to learn lives, um, they're, they're, they're in the older demographic, mostly female. They have a lot of fun with it. So I have a whole team. I have. Whatsapp groups. They're too old to be in discord. Two WhatsApp groups. One is my all star team. One is my rising star team. In total, I probably have about 20 live creators that are, you know, kind of we're all just working together, training each other up. I give them everything they need to succeed, flash sales, traffic driver. So that's like an 80% off flash sale of a product that you're willing to pretty much lose money on in the first 10 minutes of a live and then the giveaways. I have another brand that they give away. Those three things should really help your creators do well and alive. Do you

Speaker  889893:20
ever try flooding the market with 20 of them going live at the same time. That's,

Speaker  891162:40
that's, that's in the works. We're gonna do, we're gonna do a few things. We're gonna test one where we have like 50 people going live at once. We're gonna test another, where someone's going live for my brand 24 hours a day. Um,

Speaker  895850:40
yeah, I have a, have a creator that that's pretty good at lives Spanish, but, like, it's hard to sell at profit. Like, that's the one thing I noticed, like, if you're just trying to move it at Aboriginal price. So what we did with her is we we do flash sales and limit it to, like, four units at a time, or three even. And the FOMO builds up to such a point where, like, a person buys four at once, and then it's sold out, and it creates more hype, kind of, like, creates a flywheel. And I noticed that it becomes a more popular live when, yeah, that so, like, it's another thing, if you're doing lives like release flash sales at very low increment numbers.

Speaker  909162:40
Yeah, that's what mine do. You know, I'll give them a couple 100 for the week, but then they'll actually only do four or nine, stay away from 510, 20 of those numbers, it looks like nothing sold yet. But if it's like a nine, it looks like some have sold already. If people are just jumping into the live and then, yeah, traffic drivers are good, too. The giveaways help. And then make sure whoever are doing lives, they're also doing shoppable videos. That's kind of the point. Like in your case, you might be breaking even on those lives, but those lives are going to help their account for when they do shoppable videos.

Speaker  920725:19
We're at the hour guys, I think we're going to wrap this up, unless anyone has any question that they've been trying to squeeze in.

Speaker  922693:20
I said one thing I'm wondering, do you recommend, like, not doing any affiliate outreach until you get to that 100 or 500 unit mark? Like, it's just useless. Or should that be done? Like, still try it as you're going to get to 100

Speaker  928976:00
I honestly, I just think it's a waste of time or not, like you can try it. But what do you what are you trying for? Like some, some awesome creator who has 100,000 GMV just happens. Just love your product so much that they're willing to be the first ones to try to make it go viral. It's not gonna happen, so it would just be a waste of your time, to be honest, except

Speaker  934805:20
that you can get content and videos that you can throw into a GMV campaign, right? At least, you need some sort of core to start,

Speaker  936485:20
yeah, but, I mean, this goes back to my original point, who's gonna who's gonna take that product? Someone, anyone who sees your product as zero cells, and they're like, oh, yeah, let me try this. They either don't know what they're doing or they just want free shit. So why would you give that person your product? It's just a waste of money. It says you're not gonna get that. The video is gonna do 200 views. Even if you had 100 200 view videos, threw them in a max GMV, they're all gonna do shit so

Speaker  944528:00
you can, like, even if you, let's say you only, let's say of your sales, you send out, like, 100,000 invitations. Somehow you're sending out a bunch, and you get people, you'll still be able to get people to maybe add it to showcase and and request a sample with zero sales, but it's just a lot higher chance that they'll not post it. Or if they're posting Yeah, it'll be

Speaker  951685:20
Yeah, they'll take your sample, they'll post it, they'll get 50 views, and then you just basically cost money because

Speaker  953589:20
they're low quality creators, or just because they're so you just have access, you're not going to have good quality creators accepting and posting videos when you have zero sales. That's the problem, right? That's,

Speaker  957690:40
that's basically what I'm theorizing. Slash, yeah. So, so, I mean, you could, you could try to prove me wrong, right? Turn on your bot. Send. 1000 messages a day and see if someone with 100,000 GMV request sample, I'd be surprised if they did. The problem.

Speaker  963328:00
Brands reaching out to them like they get a lot of messages, so they ignore, yeah,

Speaker  964416:00
they ignore most of them, yeah. And not only that, but creators get dinged when they take on a product that has zero sales. There's a score. All of our products have a score, and if a creator promotes a product with the shitty score, it affects their score. So again, anyone who doesn't know that isn't a good creator, and

Speaker  970117:20
there are like what I would categorize as leech creators, where they post junk content. Like, it's literally, it's not even a video, it's a static image with, like, a glowing thing that says 50% off. And, like, what they make money. So these accounts, like, I check while I'm like, This is insane. Like, why am I getting sales from this one account, and I go and check and like, they're they're making like, 30 grand GMV a month with just that type of content that doesn't bring any value. So he's not driving any sales. The only time they're going to get a sale is once a person is searching your branded product in the search, their video pops up, and they're not even going to watch the video. It just automatically pops up. They just click on the product. They're going to get the credit mission. So I just put those creators in a 1% bucket. And yeah,

Speaker  984661:20
they're making 30,000 just to be clear, you're probably thinking, well, if they're making 30,000 GMB, that sounds like a good deal. No, they're selling like, one of every they're doing this 1000s of times, right with 1000 different products, and if each one of them get one sale, that's why their GMB looks good.

Speaker  989994:40
So be aware of like they're gonna post it, just to post it, get their rate, to get the good rate. And when you're not looking at their profile and just looking at the metrics, like 30,000 GMV, and they 100% fulfill, you know, their thing. They look great on numbers, but the actual creator is pure junk, so just decline them.

Speaker  996032:00
Well, once you get everything rolling and you do everything right, the affiliate center. The affiliates will come to you. They'll come to you. They'll they'll request the samples. They'll freaking hit you up in the chat. Hey, I requested this sample last week. Are you ever gonna prove it? Like they'll come to you? Man, David, with the coldest has that problem. He's got like, 3000 sample requests, and they just, when they're bored, they'll go in and improve people, you know, but so there is a time and place for the affiliate center, and tick tock there definitely is. And I'm not saying the bot, you know. It's either, you know, don't do it, or be in David's position. There is a spot in the middle where the bot would be useful, for sure. I just don't want you wasting a ton of money with zero sales, giving out 500 samples. Let's say your cogs are four bucks each. It's a lot of money.

Speaker  1009680:00
Yeah. What? So what does that like? Sample approval process look like? Like? What would some good filters be like? Because, like, Dan, you're saying that maybe they have 30,000 GMV, but that's from 30,000 different sales of $1 or something like, if that. How do you choose which samples are good to give out?

Speaker  1015573:20
Yeah, so you could use your own filter. As far as GMB, whatever you're comfortable with is some people, you know, maybe $1,000 GMB is good enough. You need to have a human click through and look at their profile for sure, and look at the type of videos they're posting. Are they showing their face? Is it what damage is explaining, or is just a fucking image and a banner to still with some flashing shit, some music in the background? Look at their their accounts. Sometimes you'll find some gems. Sometimes, to be honest, and I might be contradicting myself now, but I just think it's a kind of a, is it worth your time? Type, type of question. So you will find something like, you'll find like, I like to use it still for Spanish speakers. Like, I'll take shitty Spanish speakers all day, just because Spanish crushes for my product. So if someone's got low GMV, but they're Spanish to speak, I'll send them off. But I'm also in a different place, right? With a shit ton of sales. Um, so you need a human that is going in and looking at every single account. I would even take you to the next level is, before you send them a sample, message them, let them know that, hey, if I send you a sample, would you be willing to give me a spark code? That's not a guarantee. They say, yes, that's not guaranteed that they will, but at least you've started that conversation. If they don't even reply to that chat, then forget about

Speaker  1037226:40
them. I see, so if they request a sample,

Speaker  1038122:40
message them

Speaker  1038762:40
and then kind of get like, another touch point before you send a sample, see if they're on the tree like. Like, interested, or maybe they were just firing, like, a bunch of sample requests.

Speaker  1040912:00
That's a really good way to put it.

Speaker  1041312:00
The other thing we look at is the post rate. Now they're showing the post rate in the affiliate center, and you can see some of these jokers are posting 20% of the time. So like, if they're not, like, 60, 70% post rate, we don't bother improving affiliate

Speaker  1045247:59
that too. I Yeah,

Speaker  1046581:19
first. Thank you. Like what worked for me starting from scratch on Tiktok was basically finding a creator, putting them on retainer, having them go live, post videos. They brought in the first 2000 sales, basically first and it in the end, I calculated she broke even. So even though I was paying her per video, we contracted for, what, 20 videos, no less. It was like three per week, so 12 to 10 videos a month, and then plus commission on a lower, lower second mission, but I paid her a retainer for every video. So that's like she was a really good creator. She's from Mexico, living in USA. Her main account has like 500,000 followers. I bought her a Tiktok shop account, and she's only working exclusively for us. So like, if you find a person like that that that's like your end to grow a product from zero to 1000 plus sales, and then you can go on and reach out to other creators. How did you find them? Hey

Speaker  1065477:20
guys, I got I gotta run, but you guys can keep this conversation

Speaker  1066293:20
going. I just wanted to mention before everyone leaves, that we have a boot camp with tick tock, a five week boot camp for tick tock shops with the fashion category. It's going to have a kickoff call on May 21 at the same time as a usual mobile call. So you'll get that on your calendars, or only

Speaker  1072672:00
for fashion. Yeah, sorry, only for fashion.

Speaker  1073760:00
Yes, it's a Tiktok shop, fashion boot camp. Okay,

Speaker  1075263:59
let us know if you're not, if you're not in fashion. Does it like still make sense to just follow along with it, like in your own category?

Speaker  1077391:59
I think it would make sense, but I'm going to ask Anita for clarification on that, and I'm going to post all the details inside the Tiktok channel so you'll see everything there. I just wanted you to let I just wanted to let you know you're the first ones to know. So maybe it would be valuable for you.

Speaker  1082938:40
Please find out if it's valuable for people that are doing like consumables or supplements.

Speaker  1084554:40
Yeah, yeah, for sure. I'll, I'll check that out. Thank you, awesome guys. Thanks. Bye.
