MDS Expert Call with The Sasson Company
Date: May 27, 2025

Speaker  5024:00
I'm Hey, Bryn, did the SMS reminders went out today, yep, yep, oh, that's you. And who is the other who's brain?

Speaker  25413:20
Let me fix it. I guess an accident here. Also, no worries. I

Speaker  28266:40
Okay, great.

Speaker  28922:39
We'll wait a couple more minutes. People should just start joining. We have Eric here. Oh. Bernie is gone, but he'll be back. I'm

Speaker  32992:00
Tony,

Speaker  33840:00
you have a good subject going on too. So the title is pretty, pretty enticing.

Speaker  36016:00
I hope it will be good also the content, yes,

Speaker  36864:00
hopefully, yeah. Hey, Tony, Hey, Eric. Hey, what's going on? It's good, nice to have you here. Yes, as always,

Speaker  41957:20
we'll wait two more minutes to give a chance to people to join. And then Omer is going to start with his presentation. He has some really interesting content going on, so it'll be great. You.

Speaker  56853:19
Do you have any call to action in the end, or some special offer that you're going to share during this expert call.

Speaker  59082:40
So actually, I didn't come to sell, really, just to give value, but I will like anyone, I also made a blueprint. So whoever want to get it, just send me an email. I can write my email and I will just reply with it. I didn't want to make it like a lead magnet. So

Speaker  63386:39
amazing. That's even better. If you want to send me the blueprint so we can upload it along with the show. That might be easier, but it's up to you. Yeah,

Speaker  66640:00
we can do it. How can I send you? You

Speaker  68016:00
can send it by email to my to our conversation that we already have going on. I Okay,

Speaker  70000:00
I will also record this, because I'm using the Okay, great.

Speaker  72277:20
Okay, I'm gonna start recording into the cloud so we can start. Welcome everyone. Welcome Omer from the Sasson company. We'll have him here talking about sourcing moves that will boost profit without changing your product. Thanks for being here, and let's go.

Speaker  79210:40
Okay, hi everyone, by the way, if you cannot hear me or anything, just let me know. I'm going to do a very practical presentation about how to increase profit for the products you already sell. Of course, you can implement this also for new products, but I know all of you like sellers that already make money, so I want to talk about how to make more money from the products you already sell. What we're going to learn how to get the best pricing for your product. Okay? I will talk about how we do it, okay, how to increase margin on SKU you already sell, and how to protect your supply chain. And I'm going to talk a little bit about tariff and some maybe potential upcoming events that might cause problem to your supply chain. A very short Why listen to me? Because I think it's important, you know, you're not listening to bullshit. So I've been for the past 10 years in Asia. A little bit about myself. I've been living in China for a few years, and then when COVID hit, I got little bit stressed from the fact that in one day, like all of China have been locked up all the factories, and I realized I have to start working with countries outside of China. And then I started to do like very long ongoing business travel between different countries. Because after a few years in China, I already know that it's not just about finding a factor in Google. You need to learn the culture, which is something you can learn only when you have foot on the ground. So for the past few years, every two, three months, I'm moving. And I'm moving all the time between China, Vietnam, Japan, South Korea, Thailand and more. I'm helping brands that do at least $1 million annually, which is why I'm here for you. And one last thing that I want to tell about myself that might make sense for you, that I didn't start it as a service company. I started as a trading company is doing business with the biggest brand, really the biggest brands. So Coca Cola is probably the biggest of them. And then after a few years, I started to, like many sellers, Amazon seller, reach out to me, ask me for help, but, and at first I didn't know how to help and and because I used to work with huge brands, and then slowly, we made a business model where we can provide service to Amazon sellers, not as a trading company, saying that. Let's begin just some picture. You'll know I'm not bullshitting you. Okay, I want to start by why most sourcing process fails. Okay? Now, when I say failed, I know many of you like experienced seller, it doesn't mean fail, failing you cannot find a supplier, but maybe failed in getting the best supplier, or failing in getting suppliers, that is not risky, okay? So I guess the number one mistake is many sellers only contact few suppliers. I will talk about this in a second. And the reason for this is that a most of the best suppliers are not on the first page on Alibaba. Okay, like many, many sellers are going to Alibaba, contacting the suppliers on the first page on Alibaba, while many of the good suppliers are not in there. And again, because I have so many years in China, living in China, I know that actually many of the big factories, because I have so much business, not from Alibaba, they are not really investing in Alibaba in terms of SEO and marketing and all of this stuff. So they are not on the first page on Alibaba, but it doesn't mean they are not good. And the last thing is relying on agent, which, in general, have nothing against a sourcing agent, but I think for good sellers that are here for the long run, I think it's for the long term. It's a mistake, both in terms of the agent really not taking too much responsibility on quality, and it's overpaying for the long term. Now I'm going to talk about what we do. Okay? Now I'm going to use the phrase we it's important for me to say I'm not selling my own brands on Amazon, but there are some big brands that are paying us, and we're like their sourcing department, okay? So when I say we, it's on behalf of them. I'm not competing on Amazon. I'll talk about the funnel, then I'll go a little bit more specific. So it's important for me to say that when we are looking for supplier, we really want to know we found the very best supplier. Okay? And even if we are not getting the very best price, it's not because we didn't found, didn't find the best price. Is we found all the different pricing and option and supplier, and we decided to choose a different supplier that maybe didn't have the best price, but he had other qualities. Okay? Now, in order to get to really understand the market like this, that you can really know I really have the best price in the market, or I choose not to, well, working in a funnel, really like a marketing funnel, just a sourcing funnel. So in short term, first thing we do is we learn the product. I will talk in more details later. But what does it mean? It's mean before contacting supplier, we are really trying to learn the product in term of manufacturing. So it's one thing to know, how we want the product to look like. We want it to have a good quality. Okay, this is nice, but I really want to know what is the manufacturing process of the product, what are the different material option? How is it going to impact the pricing? And the reason we do this is, and this is what I bring from my experience on the ground that I know suppliers are treating you differently if they feel you really understand the manufacturing process and the way they treat you differently is in the pricing they are giving you. And it's not like they are telling you you are not experts or giving you a high price. It's not like this. They just feel you are an expert, and they know they cannot Bucha to you in the price. So the first thing we do is we will we learn the manufacturing process a different material? How is it going to impact the cost? The second thing we are going to do is massive outreach. I'm going to elaborate about this later, but we're really doing a massive outreach to supplier. And it doesn't mean matter. So if we're doing this on the ground, online, usually we use all the the methods we will do filtering a and again, I'm going to elaborate, which mean, okay, I did massive outreach. I got many responded, many responses from suppliers. Now I need to filter out the best suppliers. We will request pricing, we'll do sample review, factory audit, and then we will choose the supplier. Okay, this is, in general, the process. Now I'm going to do some deep diving. So first things that going to make sourcing system actually work, okay? And all of you sellers that make money, and long term, you need to build the system. And it's not just about one VA that contact some suppliers. So the first thing is quantity, how many suppliers I contact? And eventually it's a number game, okay? Because if you contact 20 suppliers, there is a big chance that among the 20 suppliers, none of them is good, or really good, or maybe you don't have the best price. But when you contact big quantity of suppliers, there is bigger chance that among them there are very good suppliers. So really, I believe that quantity is going to create the quality in terms of supplier and just in general, to understand, when we are looking for suppliers for a single product, the minimum number of suppliers we commit to contact is 100 plus. Minimum, there are the products we will contact 1000 suppliers and more. And just in general, the more basic of a product it is, I want to contact more suppliers because I know there are more offer in the market. And I really want to get the best picture of the market and get the best pricing. And I think this is the number one step, and if you don't do it, I mean, if you're going to contact only 20 suppliers, 30 suppliers, everything you are going to do after this, I don't want to say, will be wrong, but it will not be 100% efficient, because you might lost a very good supplier by not contacting him.

Speaker  224474:39
The second thing we do because, okay, we contacted 500 suppliers. Okay, and doesn't matter how you do it, like Alibaba, Alibaba, 1688, made in China, on the ground, many different channels. Now we need to understand that the next, next step is filtering because you all know suppliers are going to say, yes, yes, we can do it here the price. They are going to give you a very good price because they want your attention. You already know that most of them cannot even make the product. Okay, it's not even about the price. So the next step is to filter out. I will explain about this in a moment and what. And after filtering out, we want to do verification. So I guess your product have many details. It's about the materials, the quality, the sizes, the position of the logo, and we need to verify every detail. Now, verifying every detail is not by sending a very long document and saying, Here, all the details, please a please confirm you can do it. Everyone will say, yes. It's by really a going step by step, every point and verify the supplier can do it now. I want to give a very practical tip. Change the yes and no questions to open ended questions. So anyone that is enough experienced in China and in Asia in general, okay, know that sometimes it's not the most polite thing to do to say no in Asia, okay. And they also don't want to lose your business, so you will ask them, Can you make this and this material? They will say yes. Whatever you will ask, they will say yes. So the way to solve it is, instead of a asking yes and no, asking open ended questions. And just for example, let's say you want to make a product that made from wood, instead of asking, Are you experience, or you do your experience with working with pine wood, ask, what different wood are you experience? Or you know how to work with? Okay, when you ask the open ended question, there is bigger chance you're going to reveal the real answer, because they are not going to fill in the corner. They are not going to feel that if we say no, we will lose the customer a next thing, messaging. Okay? So I talked about contacting a lot of suppliers, but, but no, nobody even us, okay? And we have a lot of resources who are not actually able to have conversation with 1000 suppliers in the same time. And like in short, the way we do it is at first. We are not going to talk about pricing at first. First message. We just want to filter out irrelevant suppliers, so we will send them a message about the product. Hi, can you make product x? And we will also put the most important requirement, okay, so just for example, a, Hey, can you make a pine wood? A, we need MOQ of 300 pieces, which this kind of MOQ is very low. Okay, so I will put the most important requirement at first, because I already want to filter out irrelevant suppliers and anyone that will say, No, I will not proceed. Okay, so I contacted 1000 suppliers. I will get responses back from 500 maybe, maybe a little bit more, I will send the first message, I will filter out about 50, because most of them will say yes, because they want to keep talking to me in the second message, I will still not talk about pricing. I will not ask for price. Okay? I think many people try to jump too fast to ask him for price. In order to know if the supplier is good or not, should we talk to him or not? But usually, if you ask for price too fast, you're just gonna get a very low price that the supplier cannot actually do. Okay? So in the second message, I will give more details about the product, I will ask some questions to understand the supplier a little bit better. And again, the goal is to filter out irrelevant suppliers, okay, only in the third message I will ask for the price for the first time. So this is how we work, okay? And this is our way to handle so many suppliers, by the way, I have to put something on the table. We did try to use AI to help us with the message for the messaging with the suppliers. Every time we check this, human did a better job in this so maybe in the future, it will be possible to use AI to filter out. But I still feel that if I compare myself with my experience to an AI, I will always be much better in understanding from the Kat, from the supplier answer, if you actually can do it or not. I is a part two. So we did the filtering process. Okay? And one thing I want to elaborate after the message number three, I will ask for the price. And now what I want to do after I got the price is I want to verify every detail. And again, not just by asking to confirm. You can do everything going step by step, and the best way to do it when verifying is try to ask and talk about the same point in different ways, rephrasing the sentence, rephrasing the question. So not just can you make pine wood? So to ask, what kind of food can you work with? Or can you send me a picture of another pine wood furniture you did in the past, like try to ask a question in different way, different angles, a this is the way to actually understand if the supplier can actually do it. And just in terms of numbers in general, if I will contact 500 suppliers, I think in the end, I will have maybe seven suppliers that are really suitable for the projects, and maybe only three of them have really good price. Okay, now I just want to say it's not that if you're going to contact 30 suppliers, you are not going to find suppliers, or you are not going to get a good price. But for me, I want to get the very best price, the very best supplier, the most reliable supplier, okay, and I think that you when you are a good seller, and you already sell a product, 10,000 pieces a month, 20,000 pieces a month sometime, if you can reduce 30 cents, it can make a big difference. If you can reduce $2 $3 $4 from for the cost of the product, it's become big numbers, okay? And in order to do it, you have to work really wide in terms of the quantity of suppliers. Next thing we do is we will order a sample from four to five suppliers. I'm going to touch this little bit later about how to reduce risk in your supply chains. But even if, in a very early part of the process, I know, okay, this is the best supplier, okay? And sometimes it might have, might happen because I've experienced and I might be able to recognize this is going to be the best suppliers I haven't, I ever met. I'm, I'm still going to to a contu Continue in the development and the sampling process with at least three to four to five suppliers. Okay, I will check and compare the quality. I will eliminate the weak options and how it's going to look like that. Okay, I will order five suppliers, five samples, two of them are going to be shitty samples, and I'm going to have three samples that actually good. Maybe the pricing of the product is different, the communication is different, but I'm still going to have a three relevant samples.

Speaker  360469:20
Next thing we are going to do is factory audit. Now I want to touch like very quickly. Now I know factory audit is something that costs money and it might look like expense you don't need to do, but I think the more experience you are a the more you can learn from doing factory audit. Now, in general, factory audit, it means we are sending a a QC inspector to the factory to do a factory audit, to check the machine how many people the production process. Now, when you do a factory audit, it's not just in order to make a decision, can this supplier made the product or not? Okay? The reason I do factory audit is in order to understand what are the the weak spots in working the with the factory, and how can I eliminate the weak spots? And I will just give you example. Okay, so we'll do a factory audit, and we'll see that the factory is good, the price is good, but he storage many of the ready goods on the floor. It's very common in China, by the way, they just put the already goods on the floor. Now for me, because I have enough experience, I know that goods that remain on the floor can get wet, a can get dirty, which thinks that for the factor, it's not a big deal, but for the end user on Amazon, when I get a dirty product, you're going to write you a better review. So it doesn't mean I'm not going to work with the factory. It just mean I'm going to ask him to buy pallets, and when we start production, I will ask him, please send me pictures you actually store the product on pallets. Okay, so it's not just about working with the factory or not, but okay, these are the disadvantage of the factory. How can I serve them? So I can work with him with more confident, okay, this is now more important than ever, protecting profit with backup suppliers. So maybe some few had the experience. You found a supplier. He was good. And after two years, three years, suddenly you had some problem with him. He tried to increase the price too much, maybe bid reviews, I don't know. So for me, the way we work with big brands, but I think it's something that brand in any size need to implement, you always need to have at least one backup supplier in the ready. Okay? And when I say backup supplier, it's mini supplier. You have the price because you did the full process. And by the way, when you do the full process, I talked about many suppliers, verification sampling, you are going to have at least one backup supplier, probably two. It's mean you have a ready sample, complete sample, like really ready to go now, with small brand, I would recommend at least one backup supplier in China. With bigger brand or products that you sell a lot, I would recommend one backup supplier in China and one backup supplier outside of China. Now last bullet point is the most important backup supplier doesn't mean it's perfect supplier. So maybe your main supplier gave you a price of $7 per unit, and your backup supplier gave you a price of $10 and at first you say, there is no way I'm going to work with $10 but if tomorrow, your main supplier is going to go to bankruptcy, or you're going to have 100% tariff on your on your product, suddenly the $10 compared to seven is going to look really, really like a Good option. Okay, so you need to understand backup option doesn't mean is it's identical to your current supplier in term of pricing, maybe payment term, but it's mean it's ready to go back up option, by the way, now through the terrorist period and we prepared, had many a backup supplier for big brands we are working with outside of China, because, without getting into politics, Trump already said, one year earlier, is going to put 100% tariff. So for us, there was no surprise about this. So for the past year, we prepared many backup option outside of China, and then it was very easy. It was just about number, okay, there is 100% tariff, even more. This is how much it's going to cost with the tariff. This is how much it's going to cost in Vietnam and India. And it was very easy to calculate, okay, here we are going to move to India or Vietnam or Japan or whatever. Here we are going to stay in China, because even with the tariff, it's better, but at least we had, like a choice, a point I want to touch okay from 90% of the cases we saw Okay, And I'm going to exclude product that have very high development mal fee, okay, usually finding a supplier for a product you already sell, so finding a cheaper option, you are going to be able to reduce the cost of the product much more compared to try to renegotiate with your current supplier again and again. Okay, so really, 90% of the cases we saw if you work with a supplier, even if you increase the volume, so maybe from time to time, you can reduce the cost a little bit more. But if you try to do the product research, the supply research I talked about before, okay, big quantity of suppliers verifying five samples. If you are going to try to do it for a product you already sell, you're gonna get much better price. And in general, like you easily can reduce 10 to 30% of the product cost with new supplier compared to remaining with your original supplier. Now I can be very loyal for a good supplier, and sometime again, we will choose to stay working with the same factory, even though it's not the best price, but it's still going to be a decision based on that data. So we'll do two three order with the same supplier, a and then we'll do another supply research, we will find a better option, and then we'll decide, okay, we are moving to the cheaper option, or maybe we go back to the factory and ask for a discount. But it will not be just like I'm asking, please give me a better price. No, it will be. Listen, I really want to work with you. We have better option. Let's see if you can reduce the pricing a little bit. Okay? And again, even if we choose not to, because the supplier is really good, we want to be loyal. It's okay, but at least, who are choosing to do this, and we know where we where is our pricing compared to what other a competitor can get. Okay, I'm very fast. We're going to talk about tariff few more points, and that's it. I'm going to share our strategy, and again, when I say ours is for brands who are working with for a long time about tariff. And I want to say something so tariff being crazy. It was like 130% whatever. Then now it's like, some products, it's 30% some it's 25 but I've been in this business for 10 years, and I know there was a COVID that increased all the shipping costs, and then there was tariff. And tariff went up again and again and again. And you cannot know tariff might go down again and up, and you cannot know to which direction. So the strategy I'm going to share, it's not like if today, the US going to say they are going to increase the tariff, the strategy is going to change. No, the strategy is the same based on the fact we cannot really know what's going to happen. So the best and most important assumption. No one know what is going to happen, so we're going to make sample and when I say sample development, I mean a supplier research for product outside of China. Okay? And again, maybe we'll find the pricing that isn't worth it, even with tariff, but at least we're going to have a backup supplier outside of China. Now, of course, there are some products that you cannot make outside of China, okay? And it's okay, but at least you know it. You don't just guess, even through the crazy tariff, we continue to do product development inside China, okay? And the reason we do it again, you cannot know if the tariff is going to go down or up, and we don't want to be in a situation that suddenly the tariffs is going really down, and we put every everything on hold. So we'll take all the existing product, we'll do research outside of China. A new product. Will keep do the development in China. It doesn't mean we will place order, okay, but we will do the sample development

Speaker  514832:00
a and this is about the tariff last point, unless we have question, I see I've been really, really fast. I prepared the blueprint that it's least a little bit more technical, which, if you have a VA or sourcing team, or you do it by yourself, you can just give it to them, really practical. So you can send me an email, and I will send it back to you. So I didn't want to prepare a lead magnet, not everybody like it, just send me an email. I will send it to you, and I will also give to MDS to add it to your platform so you can just download it. Very practical, give it to your sourcing team. I'm sure it's going to help a include like key point what to check on inspection, really detailed, and basically that's it. And if you have questions, you are more than welcome.

Speaker  530784:00
Okay, so if no questions, I guess we're going to finish. I

Speaker  534149:20
a question, how, like, how are you managing supply chain when it's outside of China with all the logistics, and are you still taking some component parts from China and then shipping it to other countries?

Speaker  538629:20
So I, because I couldn't hear you clearly. You asked, like, how we do the production outside of China? If we ship from China to outside China

Speaker  541194:40
for some of the component parts and then manage around that? Yes,

Speaker  542234:40
right. So it might happen a lot a because there's a some products you cannot make outside of China and therefore, Vietnam, for example, some parts they can do other parts they cannot do. We have it also with India a so you do need to find an experienced supplier. But basically, if you have a good shipping company, you work with or shipping agent. By the way, we are not shipping companies, so it's not like I'm recommending about myself. They usually can handle the import. It's not very complicated, especially from China to Vietnam, actually also from China to India. So if we have a case like this, we have a set. Let's say 70% of the product is made in India, 30% in China. Yes, it's more complex, but when we do the product research, we will understand how much will cost to make the 30% in China. We will ask the shipping company for a quote to India, for example, include some you need to take into account some 20% unexpected, because, you know, shipping costs might go up and down a we will also send two set of samples from China to the sector in India, for example. Because I will want to see in a video how they actually pack it together. I want to see they actually can handle it okay. Because for some sets, it's not just about putting it all in a bag and close it and then it's very simple. So it's going to make your supply chain much slower for the first and second order, yes, but for the long term, it can work very smooth, just in terms of numbers. For example, in Vietnam, in order for the product to be made in Vietnam, it need to be at least 65% made in Vietnam. So especially with Vietnam, a little bit more strict with this. So like, it's important to say, maybe few years ago you could just send the nylon and the sticker from China. So it's an island in the sticker, you could make it in Vietnam, and the rest of the product to send from China. Take it and make it as made in Vietnam. And now you actually need to make most of the product in Vietnam, for example, a and it was not your question, but I just will touch very quickly. Vietnam, plastic, very good in Vietnam, stainless steel, bamboo product, though sometimes bamboo in China will be cheaper. India is very good with stainless steel, some metals, wood, some electronic and I say this because you also need to think like what I'm going to make in China, which component I'm going to make in China and which component in Vietnam. And it's very important when you talk. So if you have a set that is partly made in China, partly made in India, many times, a supplier in India, will tell you, Yes, I can do everything. It's really important to ask again and again to understand which product you can actually make in good price, because sometimes they might give you a price of $7 for the full set they can make the full set in India. But if you really insist to know what they can actually make how much each component, the cost of each component, you will be able to understand that if six out of seven pieces of the product you're going to make in India, the price is only, I don't know, $4 and the last component is $3 and then it's much better to ship it from China. So in order to do it, you really have to ask how much each part is. Cost

Speaker  604346:40
makes sense now, in terms of substantial transformation, like, typically, which processes would you have in, say, Vietnam versus China? Then, because what I've seen some suppliers do is they do their tooling out of China because they're still better at precision injection molding, or sorry for Precision Tooling, like, yes, they can do plastics, but as basic plastics, but and part of the problem is, when you have all these cell component parts, Factory A, even in China, Factory A, will blame Factory B, because the two parts don't fit together, right? So you have that already in China. How do you deal with that between China and Vietnam and make sure that those components are all designed to work together, or are they not at the level of precision manufacturing yet that China has, and you still have to think about how you're going to meet the substantial, substantial transformation rules right to get good made in Vietnam, which means things like you probably do packaging in Vietnam, because it's easy to do packaging in Vietnam, but then you get the percent higher. But there's some things that I don't think Vietnam is capable of at the same level as China.

Speaker  624442:39
So I agree with you, okay? And it's important to say, not anything you can do outside of China, okay, actually, many things you cannot do outside of China, but what you can it was to check. Now, in terms of mold, of course, I always prefer to pay for the mold to the factor I'm going to make the manufacturing with. Because, in terms of responsibility, because, like you said, if you send, if you send one more to another factory, then it will say the mold was not good. The molding factory would say, No, the production factor is not good, whatever. In some cases you cannot do so I will say what I did. In my experience, so far, I didn't, and I'm not planning to sending a mold from China to India. I'm not trusting this like the coordination between these two, between factory from India and Vietnam. I did do one trial of sending a mold from a China to the US. And it worked quite good. Actually, I had to do a very long process. Well, first I looked for factor in the US, factor in China, and I had to be part of all the communication to make sure they communicate correctly. It it worked good. I'm not sure it makes sense in term of pricing, but it was very specific. Products that made in a US, made in the USA, made the big difference in term of how much you can sell it from China to Vietnam. So, okay, this is a good point. China to Vietnam. Many Vietnamese factories already know how to source from China. Okay, so you don't need to be part of the discussion like how to make the mold in China and transfer to the Vietnamese factory. You are going to talk to the Vietnamese factory as your supplier, and it's not even going to tell you we source them all from China. So in many cases, even though they are going to source them all from China, you are not going to be involved. And it's a good thing. And even if you does the Vietnamese factor is know how to work with Chinese. Quite good. Most of the cases a but one thing that's very important to understand, if you do this kind of process, you need to look in China for a molding factory. So it's not like right now, if you walk, if you are looking for a Chinese factory for a plastic product, many times they will not make them all by themselves, but they are not going to say this, right So, and it's okay, because they know how to walk. But if you are going, if you want to transfer mold from a Vietnam to China, when you you're going to do two processes. Number one is supply research for factor in Vietnam who can make the plastic. And another supply research for mold factory in China, not for plastic factory, for mold factory. And a part of the one of the requirement would be a factory that can prove me that is already exporting a mulch to Vietnam or to the US or whatever. And you can find, you can find these kind of factories. And then if you find the factories that know how to make it already exported malt to Vietnam, and you find a factory in Vietnam that already imported a malt from China, the process is very easy, and you don't need to do you just need to find the factories, connect them, and they know how to work with each other.

Speaker  683706:40
I guess if you have a more complicated product, that's going to be more difficult, because if you have to do things like adjust the texture, or like finish polishing or and that affects how the two different parts come together. You can't just move it back and forth between China and Vietnam, right?

Speaker  688528:00
So in term of like, what kind of product I will try to do outside of China? So number one, of course, if I can make the whole product as a whole outside of China perfect, the second thing will be where it's will just components. So like, I I make a lot of toys for some very big brands of toys. So a I might be making a big part of the of the toy in Vietnam and and just another part, another part. So it's not like a might be the base, okay, in China. Then, just like connecting them, I will try not to make different processing like I will try not to take a product, do some processing in China, sent to Vietnam for another processing. It's becoming too complicated. Maybe for some huge brands, it makes sense, usually for Amazon sellers, it will not,

Speaker  704266:40
yeah, I guess it makes sense, because you would tool first in one country output, like in get the sample part, and then you can refine the tooling in the second country for that part. So let's say that, like you said, for the tooling, like if you have to snap fit the two parts together, like mechanically, you have to adjust one tool and not the other. But you could do one in one country and then finish the tool in the second country, so it works together,

Speaker  711205:20
right? And, of course, it's always good as a set. I mean if, I mean if it's not like two parts, it's just a set. So you want to make a set that contain a plastic and wood, different pieces, and the plastic you would make in Vietnam, and the wood you will just send from China other way. So this is a also really makes sense. A we had, okay, it's very specific, but very good experience with product that combined from wood and glass, and then the wood we will make in Vietnam or India, and the glass we will send from China, because they can do it very cheap. So it yes, it's a lot of work to try to find the best combination. I think in a world where you have like, 100% tariff, it makes sense to do the research. I think it's makes sense anyway to check, okay, maybe you choose not to do it, but I think it makes sense anyway to at least check, yeah. I

Speaker  726949:20
think what you're saying makes a lot of sense. But and then the other part of the supply chain is, just like some of these countries don't have the same logistics infrastructure, so shipping from them is maybe adds a lot more to cost as well.

Speaker  730581:19
So usually the LCL will be more expensive. I mean, full container, yeah, will be little bit, might be little bit more expensive, but not much more a part, part container will be more expensive, and you might not have as many shipment as from China a and like I said, I will check anyway, but we will make the transfer from China to outside of China, not where it's just about like small money, but sometimes the difference can be big, that even with the turf and without the tariffs, by the way, now, now, because of tariff, we add some products. We look for suppliers in India, and we got the same product, same quality, better pricing, even with no tariff, even with higher shipping costs, we're gonna stay in India. So, yes, in terms of transportation, it's not as good as China. You don't have the ecosystem you have in China. In China, you have suppliers for packaging. You have many shipments, like you have everything in order to do it right. A but in some cases, even with all with all of this, it's still better to make it outside of China.

Speaker  750042:39
Do you find that the development time is a lot longer outside of China?

Speaker  751658:39
I think all the process is longer. The product development, the production can be longer. The shipping will be, might. I don't know if the shipping, but like, how many shipments you have, but it's also a little bit depend, because I talk about outside of China as a whole, but it's not really whole. Like Japan, Vietnam, India, are very different. Taiwan, maybe Taiwan is little bit faster. But I will give some example, some examples where I think it's faster out of China. So for example, in Vietnam, surprisingly first, first time I've been in effect in Vietnam, I've been really surprised the quality control process they have inside the factories is really good. In China, you don't really have quality control process. You have to send your own inspector. You have to do your own quality control. In Vietnam, the quality control is super good. And the way, the reason it makes things faster, is because you almost don't have this situation where you send an inspection and suddenly you find many wrong product or mistakes and then you need to reproduce so sometime in Vietnam, we find it will be faster. In India, it's definitely going to be slower. Definitely, okay. Yeah. So

Speaker  774357:20
is that because they're doing like the an inbound QC on parts, or they're doing it early in the assembly line, so they're not just relying on AQL at the end or something like that.

Speaker  778117:20
So in via time, you actually have quality inspector in the factory. Actually call it inspector, so as they do inspection during the entire production. So if I will work with a factor in China, I will send a QC inspector in the beginning to find some mistakes in the in the production line, and another one in the end, the Chinese would not do it by themselves. The Vietnamese will do it by themselves. So they will find the effect. They will take it out. They will do many tests. So it's not just about looking at the product. Look if it's broken or not. They actually do. So I'm making a lot of candles in Vietnam, so they will take all the time pieces from the production lines. They will make the different tests. Is the wax good enough? Is it melting? Humidity and stuff? So, yeah, of course, it's also in Japan, like this, but Japan is much more expensive, so I'm not talking about it a lot, because it's not for everyone.

Speaker  792757:20
That makes sense. That's pretty cool, though. That means that they're like the factory will eat a higher scrap rate, basically. So they're trying to cut down their costs because that improves their margin. Yeah,

Speaker  796010:40
yeah, that makes

Speaker  796682:40
sense. Okay, cool.

Speaker  798042:39
Okay, great. Thank you for your time and June, thank you for your questions. By the way.

Speaker  799450:40
No problem. I'm curious, so I because we're trying to figure out what we should do, but our products are pretty complicated, as you can tell.

Speaker  802175:59
So you definitely contact. Can contact me privately. I will give you my my honest opinion if I think a certain product can be made outside of China or not. But I will say that even for me, I'm made sometimes I'm surprised, like there was some product I thought for sure we can make them outside of China, and eventually we didn't succeed, or we didn't succeed to get to a price where it will make sense, and in some cases, what product I thought there is no way to make it outside of China. And suddenly we found a very good factory. So I guess that outside of China you're gonna have to do the research, or to pay to someone to do the research, but you're gonna have to do the research in order to get an answer. Is it possible and is it makes sense to do it or not? That

Speaker  814506:40
makes a lot of sense.

Speaker  815258:39
Okay, guys, thank you very much, guys and girls, yep.

Speaker  816266:40
Thanks for coming, guys, the call will be posted tomorrow. So, again, thanks again. Hope you guys have a nice rest today.

Speaker  818253:19
Thank you, thank you bye bye Thank you. Bye.
