1. Brandon Himmel
Date: September 25, 2025

Speaker  00:00
So I'm just gonna, like, fly through some of it, and then kind of leave some room at the end for if there's anything specific that anyone's really interested in. Then we can talk a little bit more there. Okay, so I joined MDS beginning of last year during prosper seems like forever ago and not too long ago, all at the same time I established my brand. I launched roughliners in December of 2022 so I'm fairly new to the whole Amazon e commerce side of things. Last month we did 977k we almost hit our first million dollar month. I think this will be our first million dollar month. I have a small team of six. Two are local, three in the Philippines. And then I got three different agencies, one for Amazon, one for Google, meta email marketing, and the one that makes me scripts for social media, which I'll talk about as well. I'm a Marine veteran. Got my degree in physics. I was an engineer for 10 years in semiconductor working on making the machines to use to make computer chips, before I got bored of that and decided I wanted to work a lot more but have a lot more fun so, and I was on Shark Tank in April, so that's been huge this year. So during inspire, the big thing that I like, I know. I went into 2025 knowing that I need to grow on social media in order to build a brand like you can you can start selling a product, but to really build a brand, you need to tell a story. You need to connect with your consumer. And that's been kind of obsessing me for the last two years, and it's really been my focus coming into 2025 that I need to build a brand and inspire I listened to a lot of talks that talked a lot about different social media strategies. Kind of just planted a lot of those seeds and tried to water them and do a little bit in a few areas. But we really didn't kick off heavily on social media side until about a week or so before I aired on Shark Tank, just trying to get a lot of content out there. So that when Pete, when I aired on Shark Tank, because I found out, like, two weeks before I'm gonna air, what my actual air date is, and then it was like, let's get a lot of content ready. So basically, we started posting on social media consistently at the beginning of April. I aired on Shark Tank, April 11, and since the beginning of April. So if we look at the very end of March, we've grown from 430 followers on Tiktok to these are numbers from a couple of days ago. So it's now like 2400 or something on Tiktok. We've also grown from on Instagram from about 605 followers to 2800 so wherever it's at today now, but the and then, what you really see, though, is, when I look at my Google Analytics, we went from about 358 clicks in March to over 1600 in July. People are actually going to Google and searching for rough liners and so and oh, I didn't update this. This is not supposed to be branded clicks. This was, this is email marketing. Sorry, I need to update that it's not the bottom one isn't Google branded clicks. We went from about 3000 people on our email marketing, which we weren't really focused on Shopify a whole lot before this, to now we're over 1100 and shop Shopify revenue has went up almost 300% we went from about 31k in March, which was much higher than previous months, we're about 12k and we kind of just started doing stuff in March, like with email marketing and stuff, but in the very first week, before we even went on Shark Tank, we saw a 50% increase to our revenue on Shopify by just starting to post social media and doing what I've really been focused on, which is founders content, putting myself in front of the camera, being the person that's talking about it. And so these are my results. And now I'm gonna share with you, kind of some of the stuff that we've been doing and what I've learned. So when I very first started, I kind of started with just using chat GPT. This is kind of one of the scripts that I used as well, as you know, then reiterating a bunch using deep research, I have a teams chat GPT, and since, for a year and a almost two years, or maybe now, I've been using chat GPT a lot. When I first started with the Shark Tank process, just learning how to make a pitch. I upload my like monthly and financial and quarterly financial statements, all of our EOS systems, my one page roadmap, my three year differentiator, my quarterly objectives, all that stuff gets uploaded to chat GPT at minute, and I have it synced to my Google Drive as well. And then about the time that we were starting with all this, I actually created the teams account, because I was like, the rest of my team needs to, like, when they're using chat GPT, their GPT needs to know everything that mine does, because it really knows what we're doing with the brand, what we're focused on. So I didn't kind of need to feed it a lot of stuff about my business. It already knew a lot, right? But we. Started off by just, hey, let's try to make a content schedule. And what I would suggest is, if you really want to, I use chat GPT a lot for just helping me write captions, hashtags. We take the transcript from some posts, just upload it, and it helps me kind of come up with better call to actions, different stuff like that. If you can take the time and you have a weekend, or, I don't know, some time to really sit down and create your own GPT. Now I have my own social media calendar, calendar coordinator GPT that helps with everything from like coming up with script ideas to helping with call to actions and better hooks and all these different things, right? So I found it very useful. There's also some just out there, but you probably want to make want to make one that's like custom to you. So we, we heavily rely on this, and it's kind of developed over the months. But in April, all the content that we posted was just ideas that we got from chat GPT. So next slide. So I basically had it, made me make me a spreadsheet, and it had two tabs in it, one for Instagram, one for Tiktok, and then that was linked to a third file, which we actually didn't end up using, but I was gonna basically feed in all the views, engagements, all this stuff, into the other sheet, and then have chatgpt, since it knew what we were all creating, then analyze what's doing the Best. But we never really kind of did that, but it was there in the spreadsheet, if you click again, that took us to then in April, rolling out and starting to post very consistently, leading up to Shark Tank and immediately getting 50% increase in Shopify revenue. So now what we do is I, there's a young girl on Instagram, Ava. She's like, 22 or something, but she helps brands create content. And so every month they give me about 30 different shorts. They give me, I need to actually review them today, because I just got another set of 30. I go through our review and maybe change some wording, because I know how to like say things that may be a little bit better than they do, because I really know my product. And then, and then we go through and a few days we we shoot. I have somebody in house. I hired a friend of mine that does, follows me around, goes hiking with my dog. We do a lot of different content. Most of it's not product related. A lot of it is, I sell a dog car seat cover, but what I really sell is getting outside with your dog more. So we're all about, like, trying to help people get outside with their dog more. We go to we hire content creators to go check out different trails give a little synopsis of, like, what what your dog liked about it, or create us content about what your dog's favorite activities to do in the summer. A lot of this stuff, just top 10 trails in New York, whatever, all these different like, ideas of like, trying to just get people to get outside. That's our value add, so that people like, like our brand and trust us and know that we're like, dog people first. But we also sell a product and so, so we have an agency that helps a lot. We do stuff in house, because I can just see stuff, and I'm like, we need to do another piece of content like this, so we also shoot some extra stuff, just in house. And then we have UGC, which we're sending out samples. But then we, what we're doing is, and this is probably a lot of other people are doing similar stuff. We sent out about 30 samples a week. The people that we have that we think makes good quality content, and it doesn't always have to get a lot of engagements. We just think that, like, it's really good quality, and maybe if we work with them a little bit more, we can, like, dial it in. We'll invite them to our ambassador program, and then they fill out a whole form, going to another spreadsheet. And then every month, we then ask these Kat our ambassadors, like, how many pieces of content can you make over the next couple weeks? You know, two to five pieces or whatever. And we have different trail reviews top 10 lists. We'll also ask them if they have any good ideas for pieces of content that they see seem out there trending. And then out of that, we get like, you know, 20 plus pieces of content every month to post as well. And this kind of all averages out too, that we're about posting like, twice a day right now. And like I said down here, some of the fun stuff we're doing with them is just trail reviews. Top 10 List, some product videos, like how to install it and stuff and yeah. And then we post all this stuff on our Instagram, Facebook, Tiktok and YouTube shorts. And you can see over here on the right hand side, this is our latest last 90 days. And so in the last 90 days, we've done about 4.5 million views, almost 14,000 likes, 7000 profile visits, 568 new followers. In the last 90 days, we honestly do a little bit better on Instagram. Even though we have less views, we get better, like sales results and more engagement and stuff like that on Instagram, but we somehow can make content pop on Tiktok. But so next slide. So one thing that I think a lot of people, if you're

Speaker  159098:40
in the pet space, I imagine all of you are like you're. A pet person, right? Do each one of y'all have a dog or a cat or whatever, the product that you sell, like you use that product, I would imagine I am. I mean, I created my product literally, because I just needed something, and there was nothing on the market. And I use my dog seat cover every day in my truck. I take my dog out all the time, so I'm, like, the number one consumer, and nobody really understands the pain points the you know what the customer needs better than you. I think the founder should be the best person at selling their product. You should really know what really matters to the customer better than anybody. But also, on top of this, what I found is some of my best pieces of content, this, like one that has now over 3 million views, is like, Yeah, I'm going on Shark Tank in nine days. But it's like, how I came up with my idea. It isn't always about the product. It's just about, like, storytelling sometimes, like, how did I get on Shark Tank? Or behind the scenes stuff about the brand, who you are, telling people that we like help getting you outside with your dogs. Also, another thing that I like to do is we'll go to like Houston. This on the right hand side is a bunch of interviews we did at the Houston Humane Society Fun Run. I just walked around and did sidewalk interviews and just had asked people questions like, should a dog sleep in the bed or not? Like, just random ass dog questions that people might enjoy and get a little bit of engagement. Tell me in the comments if you let your dog sleep in the you know. And so there are some product videos in there, which I think I do the best product videos, somehow I'm just able, like people just want to hear it from me more than other content creators. But some of the best stuff is literally just behind the scenes stuff, your story. Why'd you come up with this? What'd you do before this? And what I found does the best for my brand, and you need to, like, just test, just throw so much content out there that you eventually see, oh, there's a few pieces with Kat that are all kind of common. And what I found is, for rough liners, we do the best with multi tasking. So it's usually me do, like, installing the cover, and I'm telling a story. I'm like, rolling it out. I was on Shark Tank. I wanted to tell y'all this thing, and I'm over here with the head rest clip, and I'm kind of just walking around doing stuff. It has the subtitles, the hooks, all those other things. But when it but the multitasking specifically, we've been leaning heavily into that. Actually, I think it's on the next slide. Oh, so, okay, so this is, yeah, make sure that you're making it entertaining. Of course, always use a hook and don't sleep on call to actions, I've personally found that the best call to actions is trying to create a conversation in the comments. We did the what is it called mini chat thing, where it's like comment code, and we'll send you 10% discount. And that for me, just like it doesn't work. It like it like, over months with my agency, we've gotten like, 20 people that have commented code, but then I posted on Tiktok, even though it doesn't work, and I got a shit ton on Tiktok, but I don't know how that works, but, but the ones that have done the best for me are, tell me. Tell me if you think I got a deal on Shark Tank, or it's always like trying to create a or asking a question and trying to get people to comment a little bit less results on share this with a friend that needs this or something like that. But I try to, I try to focus on engagement on social media, and I don't try to focus on click the link in our bio and go buy this right now, because I haven't found one. If people are commenting, then that's just going to blow the piece up more, and then I see a lot better sales results, and I get all the followers. But if I ask people to follow, I don't get as many followers as if I just ask people to tell me what you think in the comments. Stuff that always gets me more followers over the next week. So now I'm kind of just really trying to focus more on getting people to engage in the comments like the most. That's what I'm focused on, the most. So next slide, I think we're going to get into multi tasking. Yeah. So for us, multi tasking is working the best. These are some of the videos that we've had recently. And actually these bottom two right here are now at 35k and 55k and we just posted those on Thursday and Saturday. And this is because I was like, we need to lean into the multitasking when I was at I was at amplify in New York a couple of weeks ago, and it's mostly Shark Tank companies, and there was dude wipes was there, and they're doing, I don't know, 300 million or something. And one thing he said is, he was like, you just got to figure out what you're doing, like what pieces of content work for you, and hit social media over the head with it. Just bang them over the head. And if you notice, if you know, cheers, that's also in MDS Brooks, they do the same thing. I see them all over social media, and it's like acetaldehyde and Gob a receptor. And it's like they just say the same over and over and over again, and it just works. You know what I mean? So once you figure out, like, what works, as the founder of dude wife says, like, lean into the cringe, just do it over and over and over again, like, redo that exact same piece of content with just, like, a little bit of a different hook, and just play with it. But so now I'm really leaning heavy into just multitasking telling stories. Series, what makes our products different, whatever. And really trying to focus on the multitasking, because that seems to really work. And as soon as that clicked, last week, I posted both these pieces, and they went to 35k and 55k which isn't viral, like 3 million or anything. But if I'm able to every week post, get out a couple pieces of content that organically are getting 30, 50,000 views, plus then every once while, some of those are gonna pop and get hundreds of 1000s, which we've had. So, yeah, so after a few piece of viral videos, we kind of figured out what works in our and so we're doing, like it's always installing while you're moving around the vehicle. And I also, I the differentiator my product is, like my patented door panel protection. And I always wait to show that I like, start off always by, like, rolling out the cover, and I'm like, just giving the hook, and then I go into the problem. Then I'm like, coming over the headrest strap, and I'm like, the problem is blah, blah, blah. And then whenever I switch to my door panel protection, I've given you a second to wait. Now it's like, repeats that interest. If you start off by, like, you can't give them the goods right away. You gotta, like, leave them on the hook for a second to be like, What is he talking about? Like, why is he you know, so I found that that helps, like, don't get right to the point yet. Give it, like, two cut scenes, and then on the third one, I get to, like, what our big differentiator is. And these are the topics that have really worked. What makes rough liners different from every other dog seat cover. And I got that from, do y'all know the brand secret labs? They make gaming chairs and stuff. I've literally my most viral pieces of content came from watching one of their pieces that had 17 million views, and he's sitting there putting together a desk, and he's like, I got a question. What makes secret lab stand sit to stand desk different from every other sit to stand desk on the market. And I was like, I did an exact piece like him, multitasking everything, and it blew up to 3 million views. How to set it up, just walking through, you know, doing install, how to clean it, other stuff like that. Like, while I'm doing it, how I came up with the idea, why are rough liners so expensive? And then, and then you can get more specific about each product. What's different about our seed extender compared to other seed extenders, or this or that. One thing that's really, really important is like, know how to edit with like, good templates. I have a link at the end that's going to give you, like, this video that kind of shows you your safe zone. You can plug that in, make it a little trend transparent, and use this to kind of create a template so that you're always making sure your text and everything is in the right area. Also like where your eyes one thing that's really important is, like, it's very subtle, but whenever you're switching between scenes to scenes, if people's eyes stay in the exact same place, and like, where you're looking at the screen, people watch that more it like, is important. And if you watch main TV like, now that I'm aware of that, even when I watch Shark Tank stuff, they do it every single time. Like, where you're looking at the TV never changes as they like change scenes. So if you focus on that, it like helps. And then subtitles always use animated subtitles. We have, we kind of like bit off. This is a secret lab video over here, but we like their sub, like their subtitles that they use, so we kind of like matched what they use. And then another tip is you can, like, just if you, if you're doing it in Premiere, you can go to transcript. Here's a link to a video of how to get to, oh, this is for animated subtitles. But then you can get to where you get the whole transcript. You can just copy and paste that, throw it into chat, GPT get it to make you captions and everything. So that's an easy way to get your whole like transcript is just in Premiere. And then, like I said, we're doing in house content, the founder stuff, the product content, lifestyle stuff, and then we have all of our paid UGC content that I already talked about as well. So takeaways, chatgpt can really reduce the amount of work that it takes you. It definitely takes a good weekend, you know, five to 20 hours of really getting it fine tuned. There's a document I'm gonna provide on the extra value add of I already did deep research of a lot of a 20 page document on call to actions and hooks. And if you just feed that into chat, GPT, it's gonna have a really good head start of like making really engaging hooks and call to actions.

Speaker  306384:00
Use better hooks. I mean better call to actions. Think about what's gonna get more engagement, and then just figure out, Is it always when they comment that I asked to comment, that I get better ones. Then just lean into that and split up your content between in house. UGC, I also my film, the guy that's in house filming for me. Now I just have him do some of the content as well, if it doesn't always need to be from the founder perspective. And a few of his pieces have gotten a few 100,000 views as well. Make sure you're using the safe zone and consistency with all your framing, and then make sure you're using Premier to help with transcripts and easy captions and hashtags. And then I have a bonus ad. Here's a little video on how to create a GPT if you're new to that and you want to make some custom gpts that specialize in one thing, and really know that stuff in my document for high performance hooks and call to action something like 20 to 30 pages. I give this to myself. Social media. VA, I had to read through the whole thing and, like, it's a really good document. This is the template video that's going to kind of show you where to put eyes, text, all that stuff you're framing. And then here's a few example scripts that are just kind of like, what the agency that I've been working with, they're really organized in the way that they make their scripts. And so these are just some examples for you get an idea of, like, how to make some scripts, if you're trying to do this in house, or even we I don't try to hard script my my content creators. I like to get ambassadors that I feel like can kind of do it, and then we just give them a little bit better call to actions and hooks and like, kind of let them have their own style. But we do do this subtitle subtitles in house, because we want it to be very consistent with how we do that. So we get the final edit video, then we add music and subtitles on our own, and then upload

Speaker  331994:40
it. Do you want us to send those links out to this group? Yeah, so the

Speaker  332906:40
links, the links in this whole slide show for sure, like everybody y'all can have that, and hopefully that helps a little bit. Is there any questions or anything that y'all are interested in?

Speaker  335674:40
Yeah, how much time are you spending on, like, a weekly or monthly basis? You personally making content?

Speaker  337088:00
I'm probably spending 20% of my time, okay, which is, which is consuming. It's become more efficient, like as we go through each month. The first month it was a lot of work. Feedback into my agency has kind of helped with that a little bit, building up my my videographer, editor, he kind of does all kinds of stuff media related. He was new to my company in March, so it's like he had to learn a lot, so we're becoming more efficient, but and at first it was like, it is a lot, and it kind of annoys me sometimes that it is a lot of time, but I'm seeing the value. And when I when I met with Brooks at amplify, we were talking a lot about it. And he was like, Well, do you enjoy it? And I was like, you know, I do kind of enjoy it, as long as it's not like too much of my time. There's a certain amount of my time that I enjoy it, and then when it comes more than that, then I'm no longer enjoying it because it's taken away from product development or other things. And so I think that that kind of helped me feel a little bit more comfortable with if I enjoy this, then I can keep doing this and hire people to do some other things that I don't need to do, and as long as this isn't eating into growing on other marketplaces or making more products, then I then, I think, I'm

Speaker  354384:00
on but you say you spend 20% your time on it? Are you? Is that, like, a week like, like, I'm just on camera? Are you?

Speaker  356000:00
Are you? That's with reviewing that so the scripts pre reviewing, and then also, because I'm an out, like, I have to be outside. And Houston heat is a lot that it takes a lot of coordination with, like, it just might be raining today, or we go hiking and stuff, so it might be like, an hour drive to get to Buffalo Bayou Park, and then we're out hiking for the day. But now we're stacking up a lot. The agency that I use is or anything that we record in house, my video editor guy. He just does all that, which he's getting really quick. The other morning, I was just like, Oh, I got an idea. We shot it real quick. And, like, it took like, 20 minutes to shoot it, and then by, like, within a couple hours later, he

Speaker  366010:40
had the whole thing edited, ready viewing time. That's that 20%

Speaker  366986:40
Yeah, I'm spending about a week of out of my month, and I don't work a whole lot. I mean, honestly, like, I go to the gym every single I'm at the gym every single day at four, like, I probably work like 40 hours a week, unless I'm randomly just on some stuff on a Saturday and rip 20 hours. But I mean, I feel like I have a pretty balanced approach.

Speaker  371776:00
So I You said you were posting about twice a day. Are you posting all on one channel? Or what channels are you posting?

Speaker  373440:00
Yeah, so we post everything on Tiktok, Instagram and Facebook and YouTube shorts. And one thing that helps there is there's a tool called Metro cool that you can sign into because like your YouTube. My YouTube is linked to my old rough liners business account, rough liners at Gmail, and so I don't want to give anyone access to that, but you can just sign into metric cool, and then your employees can upload to all, all of your socials, just from one calendar. So instead of going on to each one and doing it all over and over again, so we use metric cool and we just upload all at the same time, which kind of has a problem with Instagram right now. So Instagram is a little bit buggy there, but besides that, it's easy to just post across everything.

Speaker  385264:00
Yes, can you see, like a lift, like on a day where a post goes super viral? Does your paid spend? Does that perform better? Like, if there's retargeting or things on your website?

Speaker  388656:00
Well, I there's the last two months have been our best tacos. We were with our growth. We're and with changing to a new Amazon agency, we've been in the like 16, like barely under 17% across the whole brand, as well as just Amazon. And in the last couple of months, we've been like 14% I definitely think there's like a large flywheel effect as well that I can't really measure how much of an impact this has on Amazon. I should probably look at branded search terms on Amazon for the last few months and see if there's like steady growth there. But I mean. We're more profitable. Like, profit has gone up. And so that's like, if I spend 20% of my time, but I make a lot more money, you know what I mean, then it's like, it's pretty good, yeah. So it seems like with much lower tacos, like, we went from almost 17% down to 14% within like, a couple of months.

Speaker  404816:00
It's the 17 just front Do you have any retail sales added into that we

Speaker  405957:20
are so right now, I'm about a little over 12% we went from nothing on Shopify to over 12% of our sales are on Shopify. We're about 125k right now per month, and and then we do a little bit in Canada, mostly Amazon USA, I think maybe 6% Canada, and the rest is Amazon USA. So we're probably like 82% or something like that is like Amazon USA. That's why I'm here. 2026 into retail

Speaker  414970:40
social proof. I'm sure retailers will respond well to that, like that'll help with B to B sales too.

Speaker  416592:00
Yeah. But also, there was a during the panel at amplify. It was the guy from dude wipes and Brooks were talking up there, and one thing that they brought up that I really liked is, and I don't know if this is true, but it makes sense, 95% of your customers at any given point aren't shopping for your product. So for me, social is always just about awareness, like even Tiktok. I have my products on Tiktok shop for a year and only sold one. I think mostly I'm too expensive, and 70% of my customers are married. So I think that they're a little bit more in the age group of Instagram. But all those young people on Tiktok that are maybe like 20 right now, in six, seven years, they're gonna be out of college, they're gonna be married, they're gonna be married, they're gonna have a dog, and if they just know about rough liners, there's like, a good chance a percentage of them are gonna purchase my product. I just want you know. I just look at social as, like, the more people that know about me, the more it's gonna grow. But I don't try to hard sell on social so much. That was a good practice for Milan. I was like, I want to see, like, how much I'm.
