MDS Summit Milan Top Takeaways Mogul Call
Date: September 11, 2025

Speaker  49:04
Then. So I've got big hitters on the panel today. We've got me, Mo, Leo, Alex, and maybe Damon coming on. And is it Alex, did you say you've got to leave at about in about half an hour? Yeah, yeah. Okay. So we'll go, we'll go, we'll go to Alex early. So basically, what we'll do is all of us will just do three of our top takeaways, and then we're going to be coming to you. So if any of you have arrived without your free top takeaways, get them written down. Have a think about what they might be. And if you weren't at the summit, then share something. You can share something that you've learned recently. So this is always a this is always like a fun call to do. So let's go to Alex first, and then we go,

Speaker  12730:40
sweet, yeah. So I got three takeaways. One takeaway I got from a presentation, one takeaway I got from just speaking with other members, mostly during the the meet and speed. And then a third takeaway that has kind of developed since being home and kind of piecing together what I learned in Milan with what's happening on the ground with with Amazon and Tiktok. So the first one, Damon's presentation, obviously he won best presentation. It was really good. It kind of reinvigorated me in regards to how important Tiktok organic is. So when I say Tiktok organic, what I mean by that is videos that don't tag products to Tiktok shop. So the main objective of these videos is just to try to go viral, get as many views as possible, and then the user eventually leaves the app, goes to Amazon and buys your product there. On the Creator side, all the agencies call these Amazon campaigns. So these agencies and these creators are very aware of this model and how well it works. Some creators only work in this space, but Damon's presentation was all about how to do this on your own, without having to pay creators using AI and generating avatars and writing scripts and all that good stuff. So that has had been something that I played around with and made some investments with some friends with to try to get this thing nailed down. It hasn't quite worked. I still see that humans do better generating this content, but the way Damon laid it out, I really feel like it's worth, worth checking out again. I'm super bullish on Tiktok organic. I'll get to that on my third takeaway. Second takeaway I got from the meet and speed Constantine, when we the question, I think, was like, how are you implementing AI in your business? And there was a lot of really good stuff that people were talking about, but one that jumped out at me was Constantine's share in regards to, like, this whole flow that he has built out with, like a service as a pet supplement, and this whole survey that is able to ask pet owners questions about their their dog, and then eventually, like, Create, you know, unique emails for them and put them in like these flows. But it's way above my head that I can't even really, like explain it all that well, but I just remember thinking, damn, I I need to step up my my AI, mostly AI automated stuff. I use a lot of AI just to kind of help me in my business, but like the automated AI stuff is something that I'm super excited about, and there's a lot of people talking about that in Milan. And then since being home and kind of hearing what people are saying on the Creator side as well as the brand side, on Tiktok. Tiktok is becoming just so much more of a pay to play type space with GMV Max kind of taking over and you not being able to run manual ads. You know, it seems like you cannot get GMV max to really work and start pushing videos unless you have a super, super aggressive row as target, and I'm playing around with it, you know, I'll lower it to one, I'll lower it to point five, I'll bring it back to two, and I just can't get it to a point to where it's profitable. But I'm even seeing on the Creator side, like the creators are complaining about this. The creators are upset that the majority of their sales are ad sales, right? So most brands have their ad commissions way lower than the organic commission. So the creators are noticing this too. A lot of them think that, you know, Tiktok is over. The Gold Rush is over because Tiktok. Is just being so aggressive on on in order for you to get views, you need to pay. And if it's a paid sale, Commission's lower. So with that being said, I think, you know, maybe there's a chance that the pendulum will swing back and things will get a little bit better. But in the meantime, I think Tiktok organic again, what Damon was whole presentation was on, is even more important, because a lot of these creators are going back to wanting to just create organic content and be paid bonuses based on on views. So, you know, I'll always, I'll probably lower my budgets and not be too aggressive on GMB Max. But in the meantime, I'm really going to be hitting the Tiktok organic side hard, and that's it. Those are, those are my three

Speaker  94506:40
so, but a Tiktok organic is the idea for the the user on Tiktok to feel like they're not being sold to, like someone's just sharing something awesome that they found. Yeah, maybe, if, like, if there's a shop linking, or whatever, they're kind of a bit more wary and a bit more swipey,

Speaker  99040:00
correct, correct. A lot of it, you know, is AI. There's a lot a lot of it's slide shows. You know, where you slide through a carousel of images, and the AI stuff kind of makes it feel or look like a podcast, like someone's giving a podcast interview. So it just doesn't feel very salesy in the beginning, but you know, about a minute in, all sudden, they're talking about a product, and then they show the product at the end. So the payoff, or the call to action, is super far down at the end, which is important, because with Tiktok shop content, usually the creator is like, showing the product like, right away, right? And customers are just taken off because right, they're already they can already tell this is a product plug. So they just, they swipe up, whereas the these organic guys are making content so well that it really sucks you in. The retention rate is high, and you're not even pitched that product till you know 50 seconds to 70 seconds in. So they convert really well. There are a few brands that are basically only doing this and crushing it on Amazon.

Speaker  119733:20
Anyone got any questions for Alex? Anyone want to come in or add anything to any of that?

Speaker  121525:20
Are you guys concerned? Yeah, I have a question. Yeah. Sorry with AI content. I'm one of those people who started it very, very early when AI was not that good as now, and I went through several iterations already of banning of the AI content or the suppressing of the AI content and whole accounts. Are you guys concerned that AI is basically you have to tag AI content, and that maybe at one point of time, Tiktok, YouTube, whatever, they'll just suppress all of that, and you may lose an account or you may somehow be suppressed.

Speaker  133280:00
So on the organic side, I do understand that if you're tagging products on AI content, you're definitely more likely to get a violation than if you don't tag a product. So if you're not tagging a product, you're kind of, I don't know, I wouldn't say you're, you're 100% clear, because I do think there are times when people will still maybe not get a violation, but their their their views are like suppressed. So you're in Tiktok jail, right? Because you're they just don't like your your content. And then with these accounts, since they're only doing organic content, they're not really worried about the 5000 followers. There's no commission tied to the account. Like losing that account, it's kind of not a big deal that happens all the time, especially on on Instagram. But, yeah, not too worried about it. I think, yeah, I think you're right. It's definitely something that should be on our on our radar in the end, you know, I do think that some of this content would 100% be better off done by a human right? If you can get a human to come up with these scripts and just sit down on a podcast type background and do it themselves, that'd be great. And maybe you use AI to kind of test that, figure out what works best, and then I was someone to do the content. But yeah, for now, just gonna milk it while we can.

Speaker  156490:40
Yeah, I did my own tests, and every time I use AI, I always get fewer views on Tiktok and et cetera and on YouTube than if I do authentic Kat. Attend. I think they detect it, and there is already some sort of limitations, but I know that stories that people will get very good results.

Speaker  162736:00
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm seeing, I'm seeing accounts that, you know, get 234, million views on the video with with AI content. Now, I don't know if that you know, tick tock just thinks it's real because it is getting that much better, and it is podcast style. It's usually just one scene, you know, it's just, it looks like a camera just sitting on one guy, yeah?

Speaker  169301:20
Okay, Charles, oh, Charles had a question.

Speaker  170325:20
Yeah? Yeah. The Damon's presentation, when he was saying that he uses the extra hay Gen credits for a podcast. You know, that was something I planned on asking him, I just never had a chance to did he plan on making that, let's say like a top of funnel thing, a branded thing. I didn't, I didn't get how he can use that, and I think in his presentation, actually connected it to increased sales. So I didn't get, I didn't get how that podcast translated into dollars. How'd you get value out of that, right?

Speaker  181152:00
Yeah, I mean, that was the first time that I've seen anybody really break this down as analytically as he did. I would, I mean, I don't doubt that whatever he came up with is true. I think he's a really smart guy, super analytical, so he just must have based it off of the fact that he didn't change anything with sponsored ads. He didn't change anything with, you know, anything else he's doing marketing wise, search fund buys or whatever. Only did this for this one SKU and was able to see the increase in sales. And you do see it. I see it all the time. I go off just feeling right, but I think someone like Damon, like, actually, he goes off numbers. So I do see, like, I'll see just a crazy random spike in sales on Amazon. And I just, I immediately go to my Discord. I'm like, All right, who's who's going viral? And sure enough, someone will raise their hand and be like, Ah, it's me. And then you go look at their video. It's got, you know, 500,000 views, and the next day it's got a million, and next day it's got 2 million. And then the sales are just, they're there. And there's nothing else that explains it for me. That's enough for Damon, he somehow ran the numbers and figured out exactly what it was like to the penny.

Speaker  204826:40
Hopefully he's going to be able to drop by in a bit. I forgot to send him the calendar invite after I confirmed him. So amateur hour, amateur hour from me, but yeah, hopefully he's going to drop by in a bit. Has anyone actually followed his SAP all the way and given it a try.

Speaker  208704:00
I haven't yet, but I'm excited to do it.

Speaker  209872:00
It's on my it is on my list. Yeah, it's on my list. Working, working my way through. So I just had a couple of little ones I had, so Stefano from nomads. I thought his talk was quite interesting saying there's three different like, major ways to win, and realistically, I can't really say that my company is doing any of those three things particularly well at the moment, and we've not done that well in new launches recently. So I booked, I booked the freebie one hour call that he's offering. I'm going to have that later on the week. Be interesting to see where he thinks that we should find growth, because we've done a pretty good job on cost cutting, but like so, so hopefully now we can look at some opportunities for growth. One of the tools that Ian recommended was called affair. Have any of you guys tried it? It's for creating, like, realistic looking AI generated UGC. And, you know, I just have one of my guys subscribe for a month and try it out. And it's got some pretty good, one decent video and some really good images. And it's, I think it's only like $25 a month or something, so I think that's definitely worth checking out. They have something different. I think it's like the stock library or something, some sort of edge that they have that means that they can do this better than just just getting them off chat GBT or Jen's park or something. And then, because interest, I knew the story of how Ivan Owen got hacked. I'd read about it, but then actually talking to him about it really brought home that really need to upgrade my seller central security, because he says that he has no idea how they got past his two FA right? So they must have cloned his phone number or something and just got the codes from that. And the whole thing just seems weird, like how these hackers could get. In almost like maybe they had somebody inside Amazon helping or whatever. So I plan to try and bring sort of crypto levels of security and paranoia to Amazon, because potentially that's something that can just be avoided with the right precautions.

Speaker  245456:00
Like I I know how I got hacked. I don't know. I mean, like, they, I mean, of course, Ivan ank helped me a lot, because he was in touch with Amazon security. But for me, I got pitched basically, but it's, it's an email that done in a very crafted way. I like, I'll give you like, just for everyone to sort of benefit. The week before, I got an inform act email. It's the official one where you have this they ask you to go through the verification again. But I got the same email again, like the same one, as if the hacker is a seller too, as well. But the difference is, I read the email, but it was in the morning, so I was, you know, sometimes I read the emails quickly in the morning, it was not even.it a dash. So dots, it's fine. For example, if it's something that has a.if something it's like, I don't know, seller performance, dot, Amazon, it's fine. But if it's seller performance, dash, Amazon, it's not fine. That's another website. And other than that, it's the same language. It's the same language. And then you, of course, you're gonna click on, there's your username, that is your password, there's there's, then the OTP, and then the hacker has a screen like, at the same time he would take your username, your password, your RTB, and boom. Is basically, yeah, but then for me, the question is, how did they get my my my username, Iceland in Europe, and the problem in Europe, if you go to the seller Page Info, they have a customer service email, and that's your admin email. And so far, Amazon has not, has not done anything about it. Now go, go to Amazon EU, except the UK, like Germany, any other country, and then there's a customer service email. That email still that email is your admin email. And the problem is, if you use the admin email in Europe, for USA, they're all linked together, so when you're down, you're down all over the place, yeah, and I try to say, Guys, you gotta have a way to change it, because now they have all our admin emails. That means even if I change my admin email to a secure server, even if I come up with a, b, 123, at brand name, at Gmail, at pronto, at whatever it is. I mean, they have the email. So I think the only one who has it deleted is Ivan, because his hacker was crazier than mine. But for me, they said they can't do it. They're thinking about it. I mean, again, I mean, again, I know this is, sorry, this is off topic, but because you, you mentioned as one of the takeaways, I have learned a lot. It was not easy. It happened before the conference, two weeks before. And I think without Ivan, I would have been down for a longer time, too. Yeah.

Speaker  286938:39
So I guess the other learning from your one is that if Amazon emails you, you shouldn't click the link in the email, yeah. So the idea is, no matter

Speaker  288863:59
exactly, never click it. Never click online, anything, banking, Amazon, no matter what, because if there's a problem, you'll see the notification on Seller Central. So for me, I don't want to even test the link. If it's legit. I'm not clicking anymore. I'm not clicking. And the second problem is, I use my I use my admin email at home because, you know, sometimes they have to swap my PTC credit card, and you know, you can't swap it only with the admin. So now I don't even use the admin email at home anywhere I have, like Ivan, a special computer just for the admin email. That's it. And then, because I think if my secondary user got hacked, it's easy. I delete it and then create a new one, but if the admin gets hacked, then game over.

Speaker  300298:40
Yeah, yeah. There's one thing I have done, is I've stopped I only use the admin email now if I have to. And the other weird thing about Ivan's one is like, if I go in and try and change change my bank details, it's really hard, but for some reason, it was super easy for these hackers to change their emails.

Speaker  304074:40
So Ivan, yes, for me, they change it, but then it went into a pending status. So now Amazon, because I had a big talk with Amazon security, and they said any bank account changed, it will go to a pending status, and then you have to submit proof of bank statements, proof of address. So that's, I think, good for us and for me, they tried to change the bank account. They tried to change the phone number. They tried to change the admin email. And what's interesting, every change, they do it from another country. They try to change the phone number from beat. Now they try to change the bank account from Turkey. The reason is to confuse you, because imagine you receive an email from Amazon in Turkish language, saying, Oh, we changed your phone number. Let me say, Oh, what's that? That's a BS. I'm just gonna ignore it. That's, that's sort of to confuse you. That's the way, how, how they do it, yeah, but anyways, it's all, all good. Now I think we're in much better shape, but it's certainly an experience that you cannot forget.

Speaker  318042:40
Yeah, your best defense is to keep them out, because it's unusual, the amount of stuff they seem to be able to do once they get in. So what were your top three joint? Mo, you want to do your top three? Yeah?

Speaker  321136:00
Man, sure. Yeah. So for me, all my takeaways come from the presentation. They were all good. I really enjoyed them. I'll start with the Ivan on one. If anyone did not see it, I recommend listening to it. It's, I think it's very powerful for me, I thought growth would come more from new launches. I would say maybe 70, 80% new launches, and then maybe 20% from variations. But in the case of Ivan on, he said 70% of his growth rate came from improving existing product, meaning that adding variation, optimization, fixing PPC, so it's not just new launches. So So for anyone here, yes, I mean, we all think new launches. But again, variation could be variation could be a big, big, big things and growing your own brand, that's something I'm focusing more, more and more, like introducing more colors, more science. I mean, we all know, but I didn't know. I mean, 70% is high for Ivan. He went from 10 to 20, from 20 to 5050, to 80. It's crazy growth. So when he speaks, he speaks from experience, yeah, the other one, yes. I have very small team, as everyone knows, just mainly in China, it was Jay Jay Hunter and Kat Lena presentation. I think we, I mean, we, we always, probably all of us in an interview, or have agencies, or have, like a headhunter, but I like what he said that a players do not stay for perks. I think we always say, Oh, I'll give you health insurance. I'll give a 13 month. I'll give you whatever it is. They stay for growth. And he said, show them a visible climb and give them ownership, or they will go, or they will go find it elsewhere. Yeah, that's, I think, very, very powerful last one, Eugene trend report that he did. I think he did a quite good job with it. We might know. We might know. We might know, I think what I'm gonna say. But again, like for someone like me who's looking to start a new brand, because I sort of maximize my category, my niche supplements and consumable are winning like 70, 72% growth, which is crazy. One in three members still them in the MDs that that was like confirming that, okay, my second brand should be around that. I mean, I mean either consumables or supplements, not just because of Tiktok shop. I mean Tiktok shop is one reason, but that Subscribe and Save and all these things and all these crazy numbers that I have seen so definitely that confirmed what I had in my mind. The other thing he mentioned also 70 79% of the brands in the MDS are diversifying of Amazon to stay competitive. That's a big percentage. 79% I remember a few years ago, it was not even 79 it was maybe 20 or 30% meaning that they're trying Shopify the B to C, tick tock, shop all these things, yeah. So those are, I guess, my, yeah, my top three takeaways, yeah.

Speaker  370511:59
I think also the recording of Eugene's talk will be great. But also the PD, just the the slides, because I couldn't, I couldn't actually keep up, so I had, like, just another little read through the slides, because there's down there.

Speaker  374549:20
But yeah, I think we were behind. We were behind with time, so sort of he had to rush a bit just, you know, to keep to keep us on time.

Speaker  376549:20
Yeah. And some of it, like mirrors, anecdotally, what I know from just talking to people, like the thing about consumables, but then maybe the extent of it is not known. And then some of it isn't as intuitive as well. So it is. It's all like, super interesting. Any questions for mo on any of that? Or anyone want to add anything on any of those?

Speaker  383082:40
Or maybe anyone in supplement want to say the opposite?

Speaker  384234:40
Actually, MO You stole one of my takeaways. I was about to talk about supplements as well and beauty product, that they're still the best product to sell, right? And that you should definitely use Amazon only as one of the channels, right? Like there's so many other options right now.

Speaker  389589:20
Yeah, do you want to go ahead and do your, your, your, your other two? Leo, I have

Speaker  391349:20
more. It's okay. I can say some. I have three. So one that really resonated with me is, let me see is the Kyle's storytelling presentation. So his presentation was called why storytelling is the highest ROI skill. Really, we all sell products, but indeed, we should be telling stories. When you tell a story a different part of the brain. Uh, operates. This applies pretty much to everything, like we all do the stick talks, we all do, marketing, a plus, listings and stuff like that. Nobody cares for data. Even when you do a presentation, nobody cares for data. You know, people care for stories. People the brain works differently. When you tell them a story, they engage differently, right? And there are brands, you know, like Apple, like Nike, like Tesla, they all tell the story. And there's brand. There are brands that sell without selling, you know, like they, they all, all they do is telling stories. And it really resonated with me, especially in this age of viral marketing, right? Social Marketing, when everybody's trying to record videos, right? So you should tell your creators to tell stories and not sell. Nothing should be sales, and nobody should be shaking your product in front of the camera. You know, buy, buy, buy, right? They should be telling the stories how something transformed. And the second thing that resonated with me is from Yat Russell's presentation, that is actually connected to this storytelling is that you should talk about the problem first and then the kind of mention the product. So you should talk he. He worded it very nicely. You should watch his presentation.

Speaker  423141:20
So identify the problem first and then give the solution. So you, you should not talk about the solution right away. You should talk about the problem first. You should give a story, basically, and then, like, lead to the solution. And also from Jeff's presentation, he said that allow your creators so he was talking about Tiktok, right? All sorts of about Tiktok you should talk about. You should let your let your creators be lazy. Do your homework for them, right? We all think that creators are great. Oh, this creator has great GMB. I'm just going to give them the product. They will figure out everything, or I'm going to give the information about the product. And that is enough. That's not enough. So you should go to color data fast, months, whatever. You should research the viral videos from your competitors. You should give them the story. I want it like this. I want you to say these things. This is how you should be doing this, right? And then all of a sudden, it starts to work. I did my own experiments, and when I gave exact stories to multiple creators, it's all of a sudden, it goes viral. And the third takeaway is actually from Alex's presentation, and he gave exact data on two Second and six second engagement. And it's very, very important. You know, we think the GMB is the most important factor for the how to pick the videos, to push them through the ads, right? It's not, it's the engagement, again, related to storytelling, right? So engagement is the key. And the two second, I think he said was, Alex remembers better it was 70% and the six second is 60% right? And that data, yeah, correct, right? And that data is available exactly in the creators statistics. Actually, it's also available in joint brands dashboard, so you can, you can act on that, right? But the two Second and six second Tiktok actually told us many times this is the most important metric, not not the GMB whatever, and that's the highest probability of going viral and getting free traffic, is those two metrics. So these are takeaways from

Speaker  459125:20
you cool any questions for Leo on that? Or anyone got anything to add on those topics?

Speaker  460954:40
Yeah, I would just add, if you're, if you're going to be doing any joint brands campaigns. I would, I would, I was hesitant at first, to create my campaigns to be so like, this is what you have to do, or be so like mansplaining, but it does help. A lot of creators don't know those metrics. So we, before we approve or we actually manually approve every single video submission, and if it comes down to it, we have someone on a team that will record a loom for them and tell them exactly what they need to change in order to get that engagement rate to be better. So including it in the campaign, prompt or objective would be super useful too.

Speaker  474069:20
Yeah, hold the viewers first six seconds. Doesn't matter with what it should be a story, right? And then all of a sudden, your videos will get get a lot of free, free traffic, and your ads will be performing much better, yeah,

Speaker  478458:40
all right, even just the first two seconds, like sometimes, you know when you do a social blast. Um, you can't really ask these creators to make too many changes, right? Because they're not, they're not getting paid to that much. But a lot of times it's something as simple as they don't show their face until the end. And it's like a really pretty girl or attractive guy, and I'm just like, all I tell them is, like, hey, just take three seconds of your face and put it in the beginning like just at least do that right to improve your chances, and that'll help. All

Speaker  488213:20
right, so we got Damon here. Hey Damon, thanks for joining.

Speaker  489317:20
Hey guys, so sorry for being a bit late. I am triple booked time slot today, but I dropped from one meeting to this one, and I'll probably hop on to another one after I participate a little bit, but good to be here. Yeah. So there were

Speaker  493338:40
a couple of questions about your presentation. I think one question, I think Charles you might have dropped off now, but he was asking you had a segment where you talked about how you could create, like, a sort of AI generated podcast, right? Somebody, some of the same inputs that you're using to generate these videos could also be used to generate those kind of podcasts. So what would you kind of do with those podcasts? Would you literally put them out on iTunes and Spotify? Or would you, would you be doing something else with that output?

Speaker  501776:00
Yeah, that's a great question. I'm surprised this Charles picked up on that. So that was and if I can share my screen, awesome. That was here, right? So if you think about when you purchase 11 labs, you pay 22 bucks a month for a ton of credits, like an enormous number of credits. And so after you're done using 11 labs to generate the voices for your videos, every month you're you have a bunch of leftover credits. And the question is, what do you do with all these extra credits? And so what we do is we burn our extra credits on long format material. So we go to our blogs or other education sites that we own, we, you know, take some of our internal data, clean it up, and we basically make a script out of it. You can use notebook LLM if you wanted to use an off the shelf version, but because we wanted to be in the same tone and manner as our videos, we will develop a long format script, plop it into 11 labs and just burn up the remainder of our credits every month. Where that lives is we're testing it right now on YouTube. We just use a very simple graphic, we use a little bit of generic music for the intro and outro, and we just post it to YouTube. And believe it or not, non video based content on YouTube performs just as well as video based content, right? So it can just be a standard screen, or you can cycle through still images or maybe some B roll. But honestly, you don't need, you don't need a high production video to put a podcast on YouTube. We're not, we're not toying yet with iTunes or Spotify or anything like that, but it's something that we could consider in the future.

Speaker  535205:20
Oh, so, I guess, yeah, someone's sufficiently interested in it, they might be searching for it on YouTube, long tail, and there's like, a nine minute audio clip, which is, yeah, that explains everything that they're looking for. That's right, that's interesting, because I suppose I wouldn't really want to listen to an AI generated podcast. But if I had like, a burning issue, like a problem in Jiu Jitsu, or, like a problem with my car or something, I might be willing to listen to like a nine minute explanation of it. If I was, like, really weird, if it was aI generated, it was giving me the information I needed, you'd be

Speaker  543738:40
surprised. The 11 labs voice intonation is indecipherable from a human

Speaker  545424:00
Yeah, it's getting pretty wild now. What other questions have people got for for Damon, well,

Speaker  548911:59
there were a couple of things that I thought were, I think you asked me to prepare? Oh, Alex, did you want

Speaker  550277:19
to ask a question? Yeah,

Speaker  551285:20
Charles's other question was in regards to how he was able to measure the results of the viral videos. Because, I mean, Damon, that's the first time I've seen someone like have it nailed down to the penny. So I think he was good. It's about how you did that.

Speaker  555930:39
Yeah, good question, and something we kind of labored over. But there's this concept of revenue per 1000 views. So just like CPM, like, is it cost per 1000 that you use for advertising? You can generate an RPM. So basically you go into Tiktok well, so one you have to isolate, like your video, and you do that in the Tiktok creator center. And so you know exactly how many shoppable video impressions that were there the click through rate they give you everything. It's amazing, like the Tiktok affiliate center. Data is actually very, very good. So then you can basically do some simple math, right? You know how much you sold within a certain period, and you can also say, like, I narrowed it down to 72 hours, so like, three days after the video went viral, and how much sales did you have in those 72 hours divided by the number of views, and you get your revenue per per 1000 views, which is what I basically talked about during the conference. Now, the way I calculated it for other platforms is quite similarly. I took a times, I took time series data from Shopify, Amazon and Walmart, and I just again isolated the difference. Where was it? No, I didn't put it in my notes. So what I did is like I looked at year over year and month over month data. So I had I knew what a baseline would have been. So Shopify probably would have been somewhere around in here, and Amazon similarly, and you can compare either trailing 30 days or trailing 12 months to try to get even at the seasonality. And then I basically took that and I I took the delta of what the uplift was, thanks to this Tiktok shop video, and what I found is that basically we had a 61% increase across all platforms for that same 72 hour period, right? So it's just taking time series data, comparing it to either last 12 months, same time or last 30 days, depending on if seasonality is something you need to consider, and then taking the delta between, okay, what was the reality of what I sold versus what would I typically have sold? So that's how I did that. Charles guy really was paying attention. I liked it.

Speaker  594944:00
He says she saw him his way to like a New York chapter event. So I'll have to catch up on the recording, but I think it's useful for everyone. Yeah, David, you want to go ahead with your top three takeaways from from the event as a whole Oh,

Speaker  598149:19
from the event as a whole shoot. I just talked about it for myself. But no, yeah, of course I have. I took tons of notes. So what am I? I said the top one was, I think it was Leo, who talked about lives. And one statistic really jumped out to me, which is like, hey, in China, one out of three products is sold during a live and in the United States, it's 1% it's like, Oh my God. And the point made was like, dude, China, the Chinese audience is no different than the American audience. They're just tuned into a different way of purchasing. And I think that we're just the laggards right now in the United States market and it's coming. Alex Bonilla talked

Speaker  609744:00
about Chinese people are even more just spending time on phones rather than computers and TVs. I think

Speaker  611472:00
the Chinese have the code when it comes to, you know, making online purchases, right? Like I think that video driven and creator driven sales is definitely here to stay. Unfortunately, flip shop closed or announced their closure last week, which was like a platform dedicated to that. But I'm a firm believer this is exactly where commerce is going right, and it's beyond me why Amazon is not purchasing Tiktok right now, but I think that China is an amazing leading indicator for where the American Mark is going, which is exactly Leo's point, right if, if 33% of the Chinese population is purchasing online, and only 1% are via lives live streams, and only 1% of Americans are doing it like, that's a big Delta there. And I don't think that the American consumer is all that different than the Chinese consumer. It's just we're a little bit lagging right now. So so much attention Easy Print. Like, look, Alex figured it out. 70% of his sales are through lives, right? Like, I think the rest of us could figure it out as well. So that, for me, was just like, a just like, a really, really big realization. Like, hey, I need to take lives a lot more seriously, right? So that was awesome. My second big takeaway was a gentleman that had a maybe it was, maybe I'm misspeaking, maybe it wasn't another Leo, but Leonardo La Rocca maybe was another presenter, okay, who had a session called how a $0 product drove a $4.7 thousand day. It's like, Oh, tell me more. And he's basically applying the i. What is it the not the lead. So, like, Alex for Mozi had a lot of these books, right? So in his million dollar offers book, he talks about making a Grand Slam offer, and that's basically what Leonardo La Rocca talked about, is like, dude, just make a digital, free freebie and stack it on top and give it a price, and stack some other stuff on top and give it a price, and keep adding up all these freebies, which to which, to the brand owner, costs you nothing. And you've all of a sudden made, in Alex hor Moses words, an offer that people feel stupid saying no to. It's like, Damn, that's awesome. That's super, super good. So I thought that, for me, was the second, really big takeaway from the conference. I thought that was awesome. And the third one that I would say it was Constantine's session around buying an audience, right? So everyone's used to buying lists, right? And go buy lists anywhere, but people are numb to that shit, right? Like I delete everything that comes from a sender I'm not familiar with, right? But Constantine's approach was, like, I'm gonna buy, like a community, like, I'm gonna go on to Facebook or, I don't know, Reddit or other community groups, and literally, buy a group of highly engaged people that have shared interests are really dialed in and want to hear what like the moderator or the group has to say. So by buying these groups, you're buying attention, right? And that's the economy that we're living in, right? That's the most important and critical thing that we're fighting for right now is attention. And when you buy a community, you already have people with an enormous amount of engagement and high levels of attention. And so for me, that was, that was another session. Was like, Yeah, this guy's got it, like, absolutely. So I think he said he's paid, he paid $8,000 for a Facebook page with 110,000 followers, right? And I'd argue that's pretty cheap. If these 110,000 followers are really dialed in and really care about what's being posted and said and shared in that group, well, then $8,000 is money really well spent versus

Speaker  677168:00
we bought an inflatable hot tub. So it's like a, it's called a lazy inflatable hot tub. And we only buy accessories that people recommend inside that group. So, like it is, I can see how it is a really power, like, if you could get the right groups, the amount of power you would have just to be able to just, if you could just gently start seeding stuff in. It could be, could be huge, right?

Speaker  684426:39
Yeah. And one little bonus thing I'd throw in there a couple guys. Oh, one guy was the rough liner person, Brandon Himmel, and then another person who sold a testosterone booster. Oh, he's in my forum now I'm embarrassed. Armor is his last name. I remember, right? They both talked about how critical the founder story is, and how having really engaging content that's focused on a person, not on a brand, is really the way to go. And I knew this all along. But what really made that click is there's a podcast with, like the, I think the marketing misfits, you know, Norm from Canada and Kevin King, right? These guys, you see them all over the place. So they had a guest that said, Look, AI like LLM. Search doesn't care about the brand. They don't care about some generic blog posts. They don't care about what the brand has to say, because it's faceless. Doesn't have credentials, it doesn't have a convincing story or history to tell what they care about is the person, right? So LMS, right? Your perplexities, your chat, gpts, your groks of the world like they're super focused on the individual, right? Because the individual has an education background, they have a history, they have publications, they have references. These are all things that, like a brand doesn't have. And so the llms are focusing on the individual, not on this faceless brand. And see that these guys, you know, Kyle and Brandon is like, yeah, step it up. Storytelling, use your face, use your name. And I think that's really powerful, up to an extent. If anyone here is looking to sell your business, that's actually a big liability. If you're looking to sell your business, you should never tie your per your identity to the brand, because divorcing that in the sale is really hard, and you may lock yourself into like a 12 month, 18 month, 24 month obligation. And where you have to stay stick on and, like, figure out a transition off of you to something or someone else. So therein lies where I think you can marry the two storytelling, you know, kind of a backstory and AI, like, I'm actively thinking about making, like, I don't know, an AI person or mascot or representation of the company. That's not me. I don't want to be the face of the company, because what happens if I need to get rid of the company tomorrow? I I'm screwed, right? So I think that's like, kind of like a bonus takeaway. I walked away with, like, yeah, these guys are really, really onto something. But how do you do that in a way where you're not, like, locking yourself to the company if you need to

Speaker  732234:40
exit any more questions for Damon, thanks for covering some areas that we we hadn't covered yet.

Speaker  734698:39
Beautiful, awesome. Yeah, sorry for being late, guys. And if you have any questions, you can find me on the app or on Facebook or whatever cool.

Speaker  737088:00
So hopefully you guys have all got your bought some takeaways. So we're going to do some quick fire now. If you are ready to go now and you've got some top takeaways, at least one doesn't have to be free. Then if you just do the hand raise and we'll

Speaker  741541:20
start. I thought maybe you're gonna do, I thought you're gonna do the spin three wheel, like what I usually did.

Speaker  743157:20
I'm gonna start with the volunteers so, and then I'm gonna start calling names. But yeah, if you've just, if you've got something written down, you're ready to go, you know. I hope you know, these guys have all stepped up, prepared, shared something. So if we can start getting some hands up, and then we can start with the we can start with the volunteers.

Speaker  749690:40
All right, I do want to see some hands up, but I'm just going to go to Guido first, because I know Guido will have something good.

Speaker  751386:39
Oh, man, put me on the spot. Yeah. So everyone's super bullish on Damon's presentation. I am as well. We haven't done any AI. So what I took away from it is maybe like a little contrarian in that I'm trying to use AI to optimize our content. One thing that we're not doing is we're not doing a lot of lives from our account, so trying to do more lives from our own account, we haven't started yet, because that person's on maternity leave, but that's a top focus. Went through all the videos and trying to gather like good, like best practices for videos, key takeaways that I can use, you know, and like a product brief for creators. So trying to focus more on organic but, you know, with with sort of like the AI mindset. So that was one takeaway, a cool tip I heard, just like in the halls and passing, is that if you have a SaaS rep, you can use them to escalate your reimbursement cases that are getting denied. For me, that was kind of a light bulb moment, because I never thought of using SAS that way, and everybody complains about it and says that it's not worth the money. But if you can get them to push through reimbursements for your account that you know are pretty high value, that might be actually worth the cost of the monthly fee, yeah, particularly

Speaker  772560:00
if you've got a big business or a business where there's a lot of issues that need, yeah.

Speaker  774197:19
Need, yeah, sure,

Speaker  774469:20
yeah. That one was a, I thought about that one for a while, and then another one that was kind of like a private talk that I'm willing to share some sort of like takeaways from is that, you know, in your product roadmap, a lot of people haven't really thought it out that clearly. But I talked to somebody that was like, pretty aggressive in launches, and has a pretty good, like, roadmap of how many products are launching. You know, with the cadence of how fast they're doing it, the parts that I would be willing to share is, like, definitely audit your competitors. One strategy we talked about is that it's pretty applicable in supplements. And probably some of the supplement sellers have already done it is like, try to cross pollinate your search terms. You know, like, ashwagandha was an ingredient that everybody started adding into their supplements, and it helps with, sort of, like, just capturing the spillover of maybe, like more than one browse node. So that's a good example. But you know, you can have a product that's really popular in one browse node and then another similar browse node, but if you can kind of combine those two key ingredients and those search terms, you're just going to get a lot more traction, a lot more visibility to your product. The other takeaway from that conversation is that like, there's sometimes a disconnect between like, let's say, your R and D team and your E commerce team, especially as you scale to a bigger level. And he recommended. It, and said that, like in his organization, he always has R and D run it by e commerce, and if e commerce doesn't approve it and they can't sell it, then they scrap that idea. Which I thought that that was pretty good. You know, a lot of times you'll end up thinking that this is a good product, but you haven't really done the research and, you know, kind of like, see if you can mirror the velocity of other sellers in that category. So that was kind of, like a huge takeaway for me. And yeah,

Speaker  808453:19
those are my three. Awesome.

Speaker  809285:20
Yeah, I've, unfortunately, I've learned that sometimes just because my competitors are selling a lot of something doesn't necessarily mean it doesn't necessarily mean I will, unfortunately,

Speaker  812602:40
in maybe

Speaker  813210:40
like there was a day, there was a time when, you know, everything that we sold would would turn to gold. But no, no, unfortunately, not. What would love to see some hands up, or I will accept, if you, if you are shy, I will accept takeaways in the chat. Ryan, let's go.

Speaker  818959:59
Okay, I've got a couple. So I really liked, similar to others. I liked a lot of the presentations. Pretty all of them. Um, Ivan's was awesome for me, and what I wrote down most was the importance of having multiple suppliers, and how having multiple suppliers allows you to be able to negotiate more and have them fight over you, and ultimately get better pricing and terms and stuff. I feel like this is something that I knew, but I've got for like, two of my products. I've kind of just, like, over time, leaned on just having one supplier. So I want to kind of like audit myself more and expand my supplier network, kind of inspired me to be like, All right, I'm gonna figure out how I can better optimize my supply, my suppliers. So I thought that was insightful. And also he said playing the long game. He said, play the long game. Don't be afraid to enter large markets. Clearly, Ivan's like, done that and entered large markets, and I've found that I've kind of been figuring out, like, what is the least resistance, like more niche, smaller markets that I think that I can control because they're small, and that's been working, but I know of some like bigger markets that still relate with my brand, that I could expand to, and I think, like he was sharing that that is that's kind of what you need to do to really grow a big brand like his, so playing a long game and and he was also talking about, like, getting certifications and stuff to build a trustful brand. So that's why I took from Ivan's, and then, yeah, the other thing I had was from Jay, from Jay's talk, and see, um, they, they both emphasized referrals a bunch. So um, the best person I have on my team came from referral. So kind of just emphasized, for me, the how useful referrals can be. And then him saying, weekly one having weekly one on ones with directors, he was saying, like, he has weekly one on ones with directors, and he's basically asking, like, what's in their way? Like, how can I I wrote down, how can I help you succeed this week and keep you moving forward? And I've read that like in books, and I feel like I do that occasionally.

Speaker  865680:00
But was that the PPP meeting that they were talking about, was it,

Speaker  866784:00
yes, I believe that's related to that.

Speaker  868368:00
Yeah, performance priorities, yeah.

Speaker  869477:20
And just figuring out, like, how you can help them, push them forward more, and then also being open and honest with the team, create a culture of transparency and honesty, tell them when you're going to the doctor, vacation, stuff like that, just showing that, like we're all human. We're not in a facade here at work, like we're, you know, all working together. So I liked that a lot.

Speaker  876730:39
Awesome. Thanks, Ryan, so you had a good time.

Speaker  877434:40
I loved, yeah, a lot of good. Lot of good times there.

Speaker  878410:40
Cool, awesome. Well, it's great to see so many of so many of you guys there. And had an awesome time. And I guess a big takeaway was just, you just how big tick, you know, I knew it already, but just how big Tiktok is now. Because, you know, Amazon is becoming quite limiting, and it's very hard to compete with it. If, if you're competing against someone that is good on Tiktok, it can be extremely difficult. So you know, for if you're wanting to go big and you've got the right product, Tiktok is the way to go. But it's, it's not as easy as it once was, right? There's a lot, there's a lot to understand and a lot to learn. So we've got Michelle Barnum Smith, who was there, she's, she's on a mobile call next week, and then we've got Leo with her join brands focus called the week after, and I haven't booked out the rest of the year yet. So if you guys have any requests.

Speaker  892570:39
Nate, yeah, I actually had a quick from Jim, what you just said about Tiktok. I actually have something that I didn't really take away. But you are actually adopting a strategy on Tiktok a lot, and it it kind of aligns our conversations. I have a lot of different sellers at Summit, which is that a lot of a lot of people are finding Tiktok to be pretty unprofitable at the moment. Just, and I think, and Damon kind of went into this on his presentation, just when, if you find the same affiliate model, it's super expensive to get those 1000 views. And like, the like, the cost per 1000 views to him was, I think, like, 86 bucks versus, like, the revenue from 1000 views from using the affiliate model was like 68 bucks. It was like a point 6.8 hours that he found. So I think that the what we're doing now on Tiktok is being way more like structured and way more exact with our approach. So like, not kind of doing this spray and pray Tiktok model that I think a lot of us are pushing a year ago, and I don't know we're hoping it becomes a profit share. It seems like a lot of sellers

Speaker  909850:40
are having, yeah, anecdotally, there's a lot of people who are spending money on Tiktok and not getting a return

Speaker  911354:39
yet. Yeah, a lot of people I talk to, you're just not seeing like, like, they're getting sales but not making profit off Tiktok. So it's

Speaker  913728:00
the golden years before all the marketers and brands have piled in, were gone rainy. You need, like, the right? You need to be getting quite a lot of things right. It's a bit like, when you first started selling on Amazon, you didn't actually have to be that good. You could sell any old stuff. And now, if you want to sell on Amazon, products got to be amazing. Your listings have got to be amazing. Your PPC strategy has got to be amazing. Just so much more needs to line up in order for it to in order for it to work. So, yeah, that's why lots more, lots more mobile calls coming up on on Tiktok, so hopefully you guys can learn some stuff, and maybe me and Kaley will be persuaded to to give it another try next year. So yeah, Michelle, next week, and Leo the week after. So thanks, guys. If you didn't catch the whole thing, recording should be live tomorrow on the app, awesome conversation. There is a feedback form that should be in the chat soon. So if you just give this call a rating, let us know how you liked it. Because I could do more call. I can do more calls like this. I can always get members on for a conversation if that's what you want, but I need to get the feedback on the on the air table,

Speaker  932976:00
so you'll receive that as an email, because I lost, okay,

Speaker  934389:20
you guys forgot an email. All right, thanks so much. Thank you. Thanks for contribution, guys. Thank.
