2. FC Chats_ An Insiders Look at the Google Ads Ecosystem w_Ginny Marvin from Google
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  64:00
Out herself. I'm the founder of white labeled CEO, and we're performance marketing agency, you know, partnered with founders club. Super excited to bring Jenny on board. I've been following her for years, since she was actually the editor in chief at Search Engine Land. Now she is Google Ads product liaison, so she bridges the gap between marketer and Google Ads teams. So opera, people in my world, right? And some people on the brand side who are really looking to learn a lot about Google ads and stay up to date with, you know, new things in Google Ads follow Jenny, because whenever new updates come out, guess who's on top of it? Jenny. I do a lot of repost and it's Jenny's content, because she dives really deep, and she does answer a lot of questions. Today, what we'll be doing is, you know, an AMA, keep it very conversational. But Jenny, I'd love for you to say a few things, you know, to the club. Great.

Speaker  16160:00
Yes. So nice to be here. And yeah, and thanks to Victor for reaching out and getting this all set up. So I Yes, my role really is to be a bridge to bring feedback back in to our internal teams and chat with advertisers and agencies in whatever forum that makes the most sense, whether it's things like this or on LinkedIn or on X or speaking at events and things like that. My background pre Search Engine Land. I've been a digital advertiser for like, 20 years now, and I've been agency side and in house, been done consulting and all of that right up to the moment I joined Google about four years ago. So yeah, really happy to be here and ready to answer some questions and also anything I may not have the answer and we can, I can always follow back up with Victor to share back out.

Speaker  37311:59
And she is, she always follows up, I will say that, which is amazing sometimes. I mean, I mean, everyone worked with a Google rep in the past. This isn't like that, right? So please, everybody bring your questions, drop them in the chat, and then, you know, down the road in this Call Clay is going to surface them. And you know, you can ask Jenny direct, but I got a few just to warm this up. So Ginny, from your seat, what are you hearing the most from brands and agencies about Google ads right now?

Speaker  47562:40
I would say, well, first, sort of like set the scene. We're obviously in a transition period really fast, just massive, rapid change with AI and Gen AI, and this is an industry that's already just used to accelerated pace of change. This is we're sort of on a next level of acceleration. And so I think the what I'm hearing is both excitement and and some hesitation about being able to keep up and really wanting to understand what Google ads is doing with AI, how we're implementing it. It's essentially across all of our tooling at this point, and we just announced, I don't know if you saw we just announced AI max for search campaigns, so bringing in the optionality to turn on a suite of AI powered features in search. If you're familiar with performance Max campaigns, which is the campaign type that runs across all of Google channels. The implementation of AI Max in search campaigns is is a bit different in that, again, it's like a opt in suite of features. It'll be rolling out at the towards, starting at the end of this month. So but essentially bringing the optionality of engaging, AI, all our tools within one toggle, and then within that, once you toggle it all. On, you can have the options to use any of the or all the features. So I think you know, it's there's just a lot of adaptation that folks are doing at this point and but I think you know, for just the speed of change is, is rapid. And what I would, yeah, go ahead,

Speaker  87461:20
no, I was saying it's insane. Like, we're rapidly testing over here as well, with a ton of our brands. And, like, even, even today, this conference that I'm at, they're leaning really heavily into a genetic use cases for you know how to better work with or augment your team utilizing AI, so yeah, like that. P max toggle is going to help us better utilize search campaigns, obviously, like as founders, as operators, you know, as media buyers in this call, like you need to test everything, but everything's changing very rapidly now,

Speaker  97440:00
yeah, I would say, like, it just kind of sort of one data point that's probably outdated at this point, because I think that it's a few months old At this point, but Google's AI models and algorithms already over. They're already over 100 times more efficient than they were 18 months ago. And so when I think about that, I think about testing and how the models are improving so rapidly. So if you I would just keep this in mind. You know when, if you are testing something, an AI feature or an AI power campaign, and it's not delivering what you had expected, don't write it off. It's sort of like the earlier days of like smart bidding. It was, it was a bit rough in the beginning, but for those advertisers that kept with it and kept coming back to it and really making the investment to test they are were significantly far ahead of those who didn't come back to it.

Speaker  118405:20
So no, and I agree, I saw it on your side as well, because I was my agency team, and when we were kind of pushing it upon a bunch of businesses, adoption rates weren't as high as you know, we wanted them. And the people who did bring it on and test, obviously, within sandbox environments, they were able to focus more times and time in other areas that actually move the needle for their business and like, that's the big push here that I think impressing upon everybody in this call is, like, AI within our campaigns is actually Taking a step from ml and moving into more like faster ways for us to reach results, right?

Speaker  129824:00
Yeah, yeah. I think, I think that the efficiency piece is both a efficiency and management and saving your time in the manual drudgery that we used to all have to put into our campaigns, but also efficiency in the model, being able to learn and ramp up and obviously with AI, do data matters and quality data matters so as You're thinking about you know, as you're building your list, you know, first party data is just going to continue to be foundational for optimization and measurement. And so, you know, having those building those relationships with your customers, building up those lists when you are if you're in lead gen, and I think most people here in retail, if I'm all right, yeah, if you do have a lead gen component, just, you know, making sure you're feeding that CRM data back in to the system, identifying those high quality leads and sales and bringing that back in to inform the system about what is valuable to your business. And I think this is one of the things that people can get sidetracked with. I think on AI, just in general, is the sense that the marketers lost all control. And what I always try to say is, this is a is this is a mindset shift, and control looks different in this environment than it did in a manual environment. So, you know, thinking about. About the levers that are really important and at your your responsibility are is really important. That is telling the system what's important to you. What do you know about your customers and about your business? That's your ROAs targets. What you know about profitability, what you know about your you know best performing audience segments, customer segments, and bringing that back in is so, so important.

Speaker  169333:20
So if everybody here like this is an action, right? If everybody here does not have their Klaviyo imported or auto imported into Google. Get some of those segments in there ASAP, right? Because you're missing out like you need to feed first party data into Google ads. It is huge. And then you could also potentially ask your reps for, like, an insight report on that list itself, and it'll surface some you know information that you didn't know about your audience, right, or your customer base. Naturally, the list size needs to be big enough, right? One thing before they've got, I'll shoot over to, you know, one question, but I want to, you know, hot take here, right? I told you I'm an agency, but I threw a survey out to the group. So with p max, with AI, do brands? One question that we got was, do brands actually need agencies anymore to run p max campaigns?

Speaker  185877:20
Yeah, I saw this, and so I think the role of an agency is to be a partner. And so if you're looking to your agency to press buttons and, you know, fiddle around in campaigns, that's not going to be a great relationship. So you know, thinking about your agency as a strategic partner, helping them you want to have, have them have a seat at the table, making sure that they have visibility into what matters to your business, what your goals for the business are. And it sounds basic, but I've been in those relationships where trying to work with a client, and when you don't have that visibility and that partnership, it's not good for the brand the client, so making sure that you're thinking about it as a real partnership, and that you're, you know, if you're looking to hire a new agency or build out their relationship, is, you know, having those like conversations about what matters, what your growth plan is, what's been working, what's not been working, and really thinking about them as your strategic advisor. And part of that is it be, you know, are you? Are your data integrations working? And you know, for p max there, there is a lot of you know, it's designed to be easy to sort of set up and get yourself going, but taking p max to the next level does take strategy and does take, you know, continued optimization, and Looking at what you're are you using the levers to your advantage?

Speaker  220042:40
And to be candid, like, I completely agree with what you're saying, and my take for everybody, right? One of the big difference, like, just to keep in mind, agencies have 33 to, like, 100 other different accounts running in meta, like, throughout, across, like a bunch of different verticals, so there's more benchmarks and intuition will increase the speed of decision making, right? So to the point of p max. P max is great, simple to set up, but you don't need to just build a p max campaign. You need to design a system around p max to better utilize it, right? I mean, me, personally, I've audited a ton of accounts, and I see, like, very poor p max setups overlap with a bunch of, like, search campaigns, with a bunch of shopping campaigns. And then sometimes I'll see standard shopping campaigns perform better, right? So, like, you do need to test to see what is going to operate well. And if you have a badass like in house marketer that can handle it good now, if you feel like there is a wall, that's when you need that strategic partner to come in and help amplify you know what's happening and design or rebuild. System,

Speaker  240160:00
yeah, and I would say, also, I've seen partnerships work really well. When you have an in house, person or team partnering with an agency and it they it can be on, you know, different sorts of service levels and and having that strategic guidance. So I think there's a lot of ways to make those partnerships work, and the key is just making sure that you're not thinking of them as task masters, because that's not going to be an efficient use of your resources.

Speaker  249285:20
Yep, Dave, John, it looked like you had a question earlier. Clay, I forgot the first person that put the Tara Simon had a question, okay, Tara, can you go first and then we'll have day?

Speaker  252314:40
John, yeah, sure. So I have probably the opposite problem of everybody on here. I have a pretty large online presence and brand, and so all of my business for the past few years has been completely organic. In fact, to my dismay, I've tried to hire multiple different agencies and marketers over the past few years to zero avail and results. And so we've just continued to run our business off of organic. And I know most people want organic, and they're doing ads. I can't seem to make ads work if I'm not. Like at one point a few years ago, it all went wrong because I spoke out about an artist in the music industry, and in the same week, my Facebook and my Google Ads account were suspended unfairly, couldn't get it back for like, literal years, and now it just seems like I have a sort of, like this really huge Scarlet a it seems to making ads work of any kind. My biggest platform is YouTube and Tiktok. So even though I've been recommended to run meta ads by some marketers, it doesn't make sense to me. I mean, I have like, over half a million on Facebook, but I've got millions on YouTube. So why would I not run ads on Google? Right? So I, but I just, you know, I have very little faith in agencies at this point, and so I'm wondering, like, for someone like me, who's I'm committing now, even though it's the farthest thing from my level of expertise and committing to learn Google and meta ads myself, at least to know if and when I hire someone again, for you, what I'm talking so like, for someone who's just learning and trying to make ads work when they have organic already on lock, what would be a great like beginner's resource to kind of get started.

Speaker  283109:20
I'll let I'll let you. That's a great

Speaker  283818:40
question. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, so um, Kat, to be clear, your accounts no longer suspended, right?

Speaker  285642:40
Um, literally, I'm pretty sure that two of them are we've had to get super creative. I've used like I've given like agencies my credit card, and we've used them as a veil. I considered at one point, making my own marketing agency with its own ein to like, avoid my ein that was suspended. So, yes, I have ways around it to run ads.

Speaker  290448:00
Okay, if you want to also reach out directly to me, might be something we can take a look at see what's what's happening there. Great, yeah. So given that, I guess what like in terms of how to get started, like learning about Google ads, there are a number of resources just in the Help Center. There are also a number of good like creators and Jill. Saskin gales is one I can think of. She is the next Googler. I'll put her name in. I think she goes by the Google Ads Pro, but she's very active on LinkedIn, and, I think YouTube also and Tiktok. But so given that your main presence, it sounds like you're or you're a video creator, yes, yeah. And so I mean, something like demand gen campaign might be something to look at, depending on where you're trying to drive to, if you're trying to drive to to YouTube. Reason I say demand gen is it is visually focused, AI powered campaign type that you can use video and image ads, and they run across YouTube, the Discover feed. Guide Gmail, you can opt to use the Google Display Network, and there it's rolling out with I think they might be fully rolled out now, but basically, channel controls. You can choose where you want to advertise across those channels, so that might be something to look at. But again, sort of just as far as kind of getting a sense of up and running, I would look the Help Center. I know it's looks a little overwhelming, but there are some really good guides in there. Check out, demand Jen and and check out Jill. There's also, I mean, there are a number of other creators and happy to help. No,

Speaker  334154:40
I mean, I mean, Jenny, why didn't you plug me? I'm starting my YouTube channel and Victor, I'm joking.

Speaker  336042:40
Like, for me, I'm also very visually focused. So like, when you say go to the Google Help Center, I feel like I want to take a nap. Like, yeah, something that's like, I can visually see. Like, here, you're clicking here and go there. Like, not to sound like a retard, but that's just sort of where my

Speaker  340544:00
also have, I also have a few creators that, you know, I think put really good content out there. It's just too long, and that's where I'm trying to come in, like condensing it, simplifying it. So I'll send you them as well. Just shoot me a DM and echo Ginny's point. Give a strong presence on YouTube. Demand gen is going to be an awesome tool, because even YouTube video action campaigns, which were conversion focused, right? Like, our primary KPI is revenue conversions, right? That is now built into demand gen, right? So that that is a good campaign type. Back in the day, I would say q3 like, I mean, we were testing it, and we were just like me. Now we're starting to see some crazy results with demand gen, I actually for a sunglass brand. I might have a co branded case study on demand gen, because the results are just out of control, right? So that might definitely be a good outlet.

Speaker  355760:00
Okay, cool, Jenny. How do I reach out to you in regards to the Google Ads accounts themselves?

Speaker  357168:00
You can message me on LinkedIn. Okay,

Speaker  358485:20
cool. Thanks, guys,

Speaker  358773:20
yeah. Oh, also the other If so, Google Ads does have a YouTube channel, more bite sized guides and stuff, yeah? So check that out. That is great. I hear you on the text.

Speaker  362485:20
It's just not going to happen. I'm just going to

Speaker  363194:40
be honest. Totally fine. Thank you. Yeah.

Speaker  364010:40
Pop it into GTT. What would you

Speaker  364794:40
do? Oh, literally, we've been there.

Speaker  365354:40
We do this all day. Ask it the question, Did John pop in? I remember that you raised your hand. What question you got? I

Speaker  370362:40
give jogging there.

Speaker  371930:40
Moving on, all right, Jeopardy. Q, it's over. All right, let's move over to let me see. I'm gonna butcher it, man, Clay, can you get that one arm again?

Speaker  374709:20
Yes, that might be right. I might just

Speaker  375685:20
screw it up too. That was totally on point. So very good. All right, I just had a question. Yep, I just had a question for Victor. We are from a lead gen agency, and we are related to the home inspection industry, and we have a good amount of clients with us. What those clients expect from us is that they want to know is demand. Gen would be a better option than meta. For example, you do have traffic contains on meta, and you do get leads from traffic campaigns as well. But what I want to know is is the is the budget, for example, what I know is that the CBC is 20% less expensive on meta compared to Google. So how does demand in way, as compared to a traffic campaign on meta?

Speaker  392341:20
I would say quality. So the quality of the traffic, right? The big thing is going to be the creative and how you're leveraging creative, like, are you actually following Google's best practices with the creative? Because is if there's no offer alignment, if the experience is not relevant, if you don't have that funnel dialed, I wouldn't even recommend launching video on YouTube, because most of the most of the winners in. Demand. Gen have a beautiful offer that stands out right in comparison to, you know, other players in their space. In info, for example, you'll see dialed funnels. So I would just recommend you look at, you know, the creative element, see if you have what you need. And then this is something, I mean, we we could jam a little bit more. Karam knows I'm down to jam.

Speaker  406565:19
I just add one thing on the on looking at CPCs, while, like the CBC is something to look at, is that it's not your KPI, right, like your your performance indicator is going to be conversions leads. I don't know those quality leads, right? So I would just step back and make sure you're having those conversations with your clients, of like, where are we going to find the whether you're looking at lead volume, lead quality, both, what, where is the channels that we can drive that pipeline and and have the ability to make sure that we're looking at that attribution and can track those ads back to quality leads,

Speaker  420944:00
perfect, just one other thing, you know, in these third campaigns, we have the old method that we can sort of see the industry average of a, let's say, cost per acquisition or cost per lead, and that way, we would re engineer some stuff and give a budget to the client that, okay, in This certain, a certain amount of money, you can have these many leads, but for these numbers are not readily available for P next campaigns and demand gen campaigns, do you guys can maybe direct me towards a literature where I can sort of see the industry averages of cost per lead or cost per acquisition,

Speaker  434768:00
I don't know, to be honest.

Speaker  435568:00
So I'll hop in really quick vertical trends, right? You're, you're, you're going to probably want to ask your rep for a vertical Trends report that's going to be something it's probably going to be a little bit more high level outside of that leverage, like your portfolio of accounts, and see what those baselines look like, and benchmark it off of that. Because it sounds like you're very niched, right? That's where I would build, like, my baselines, like, who's an outlier? Where does that stand? Let's build an ideal state based off of the outliers moving forward, and then keep on inching that benchmark higher.

Speaker  445370:40
Only last thing is, if you're using demand gen, you know, thinking that's likely going to be mid to lower funnel, so think just understanding that you're also reaching that mid funnel that may not be as hot to convert. And so just thinking about your targets there, yeah,

Speaker  451264:00
Jim, I want to go back to you really quick. Can you bring up the question again? I lost it, yeah.

Speaker  454297:36
You. I wanted to if it's, if I'm the gym that is asking the question. I wanted to know more about it to how to connect Klaviyo with Google, please.

Speaker  457833:36
So just make sure, I mean one you could drop it into GPT. How do I connect Klaviyo with Google ads and create the auto import right? That's a fast way to do it. Google also has literature on it. Klaviyo also has literature on that, but make sure you're in the same chrome profile. That's going to be the fastest way for the integration to occur, the right way, and then just make sure your list size is big enough, right? Because it might not match, or it might not, you know, be able to, you might not really be able to use the list size if it's not large enough. But I'm assuming everybody, let me. Let me get back to you on that. Just shoot me. Shoot me like a slack and I'll get you that minimum. There's literature on it. Okay,

Speaker  470661:20
okay, you got it. I got

Speaker  472133:20
all right. So with the hot topic, you know, being AI Jenny, I honestly want to ask, What's your advice on using AI tools without becoming overly dependent like and just just an example, right? I'm, for example, leaning heavily into AI because I believe it's going to augment our teams. It's going to turn a junior media buyer into a senior media buyer, right? It's going to be able to. Help take over some functions to allow us to operate at a speed that brands really need and they've wanted. That's why a lot of brands go from vendor to vendor, because they're not hitting that velocity that they're looking for. And with one more thing, I'm going to add to that with agents and Google unveiling, you know, the agent builder that ecosystem. How is that going to tie in with Google ads, results?

Speaker  487733:20
My Google's talking to me right now, just says it found some results on Google unveils agent platform. So I don't have anything to share on the agentic in ads at this point, but in terms of getting the most out of AI, I would say your measurement foundation is the place to start, and making sure that your it sounds super basic, but without this, it really trips people up. So making sure that your conversion tracking is nailed down and you're capturing everything that you want to be be measuring and have your Google Analytics connection with Google ads, and then again, thinking about your first party data, making sure that you have a first party data strategy and that you then have a strategy for feeding that into Google ads if you are also using things like enhanced conversions, or enhanced conversions for leads, or using again, if you're if you are leads focused making sure that that CRM that that lead data comes back in and and that enhanced conversions also uses AI basically helps have more conversion coverage for to map back to what's working in your campaigns, and then further that flywheel of optimization. So that would be the first thing is like, just make sure that your your measurement is is nailed down. I can share a resource on that too. So that would be first second would be Have patience and meaning like that, understanding how AI works, and if you're in there fiddling all the time, if you're not giving it the room, it needs to learn. So it is data to learn and it needs time to learn, and the more data and signals you can give it, the faster it will learn. So some things like search themes and audience signals in p max, those are designed to help speed up the learning and start optimizing towards what's going to be high performance for you. At that same time, if you're optimizing for the wrong thing in p max, and you're sending it off to find a whole bunch of conversions that are very high up in your conversion funnel, and then wondering why you're getting a whole bunch of activity that's not converting. Yep, that's why, because you're training it not to go after sales. So remember, p max is goal oriented, and so you really want to be thinking like, what is the deepest I can go in my funnel? If you're retailed and like, it makes it so much easier. It's a sale. But you know, then thinking like, are you going after profit or, like, high margin and thinking about your goals that way, but again, and so that's where your your goals and what you know about your business is so important. I hope that helps.

Speaker  553573:20
No, it definitely does. One thing that I do want to add to this, and this is for everybody here. I mean, I haven't had a chance to speak with everybody, but I just want to give my opinion on, like, how you should zoom out and look at using AI. A lot of people are using it like a tool that can become a time suck, and that's not going to get all the proper context or operate as effectively as. You wanted to in your business, you need to leverage it like a team member, right? And what do you typically do as an operator? As a CEO, you delegate, you ask someone on your team to do something for you. So give it the context it needs, give it all the data it needs, and then you could leverage it that way, because that's when you're going to start getting, you know, some of these questions that you never even that you never even thought of right. But to Jenny's point, having patience, because you might need someone on your team that has the time to do this, because if you throw this on someone a little bit more senior who doesn't have much time, now they're going to add another couple hours a week, because it does take time right to get the right outputs, but when the outputs are jamming, you're ripping and honestly, that's, that's the theme of this event that I'm at today. And it's, it's kind of crazy to see some of the results like that you do get from this, Leon, we're going to start with you, and then we got two other questions that I'm going to

Speaker  576688:00
rip into Awesome. Yeah, I was very much looking forward to this. Been following you, Jenny for a few years on Twitter, and love all the updates. So, yeah, I've been working in Google ads for like, around 10 years now, since, like, manual bidding and since broad match was terrible, and saw, like, the whole evolution of AI, like, even before people were talking about AI creep into Google ads. One of the things that I'm excited for now is, like, I see that there's been a trend where we kind of get less, less of less levers to pull, and then there's been a bit of a reversal with that, with p max, where we're now getting, like a search terms report, we're getting news that there's like platform specific, like channel specific, within p max. So I think the first question I have is, like the Holy Grail of this would be, is there a rollout for what was just announced in demand gen, where you could pick the platform that you want to show like, for example, like I don't want to show up in Gmail. Is there is that optionality coming to p max as well? And then if, and the reason why I ask is, like, there's so many instances where I have clients that lose trust in p max so much because they see a random occurrence where impressions will skyrocket. We're talking like 10x 100x even CPC plummets, and it's like, what's going on? You kind of piece together. It'll be a lot easier now, but you piece together that like, Okay, we just got a huge influx of display impressions that didn't lead to sales. And so I think, like, the big advantage of this would be, like, there would kind of be a new best practice where, yes, I still want to show up in display, but maybe I have a separate p max campaign that's only for display. And my like, real core p max campaign is set to like Google Shopping and search and like specific platforms. So is there a rollout for that and like, does that best practice make sense to attach on to that rollout? And then my second question would be like, what's the future of match types? It feels like match types are getting super redundant now with like, you know, broad match, broad match is working so well. It seems like I never add a phrase match keyword anymore. It seems like it's becoming less and less relevant. So is this like a trend you see? And also, like search teams are getting bigger and bigger which are not dependent on match types. So I guess, like, my second question is just like, what's the future you see of match types?

Speaker  621114:40
Great questions. So yeah, on the P max side, the channel reporting is going to be phenomenal. I really, I'm just, like been so excited watching that come to fruition

Speaker  625616:00
for

Speaker  625984:00
so I think it to the examples of where you see a spike, now you're going to be able to see it was display and nothing happened. Or maybe now you, maybe you will see is nothing happened there, but it like flowed down to search, right? Is an assisted search. So I think that's going to be super helpful in terms of, like, looking at how the channels interplay. I haven't having much more visibility into that um. And then, you know, maybe it was p max, went and tried to find, you know, there were signals that there was going to be good potential conversion activity. And. And you know, good traffic, relevant traffic on display, for example. And so you will see those spikes to some extent, but, and so, what I would say now when you, when you start looking, getting the channel reporting, and being able to dig in, is think about that is like, how are these all contributing to the sum of the whole the channels? And there are, there are no plans right now in terms of having added channel control that said, like, we're taking all the feedback. So this kind of feedback, taking it back. I know there have been other suggestions similar to this, or being able to set different ROAs targets by channel at this point and like, sort of, there's a, obviously a never, say, Never. At this point, I would say the p max is really designed to be that place, to reach across all the channels. And then if you want to be on display, display campaigns, if you want to be like, really search focused, search, you know, there, there are still those shopping you can still run, you know, standard shopping. So if you have real specific needs and or goals designed for those slices of inventory, I would, you know, look at setting up those individual campaigns at this point, but great feedback on the future of match types. Glad to hear the broad match is working so well. I, like you also remember the days of bad match really struggling. One of the things I will say in terms of making broad match work well, is the structure of your campaigns and your ad groups really matters. So a lot of times, what I see is people saying broad match is terrible, and they're still stuck in old ways of organizing their campaigns. So Google uses looks at the all of the keywords in your ad group to understand the meaning. So if you have a whole bunch of like, one example they is often used is you've got an ad group with blue socks, Red Sox, yellow socks, purple socks, pink socks. Someone searches for salmon socks, and it matches to pink socks versus the salmon the fish on on the socks. So under like theming your ad groups, is so important in consolidating your creative, creative themes and create and keywords, so the broad match understands what your keywords mean, and obviously tying that to your ad and the landing page and making that connection is just going to make broad match work so much better than if you're trying to force old, really granular structures into and

Speaker  695621:20
one thing I'll say to everybody here, please, please. I've done countless audits. Look at your ad groups. If you're running it, someone internal is running it, and make sure you don't have 100 150 keywords in there, keep it under 15. Alright, it's impossible for anyone to manage 150 keywords, right, especially if it's broad, because you heard Jenny like it's going to map and it's going to try to understand the context of the search and the behavior, so it could optimize in that direction, towards what's going to work?

Speaker  704208:00
Yeah, and, and before you try AI Max, I would use this as an opportunity to stop and do a real audit of your campaign structure. And are there opportunities to consolidate and also just thinking about if you're using smart bidding, which you need to use for AI Max, and smart bidding. If you are segmenting too much, you're essentially splitting your data, and so the your the system doesn't is not able to essentially optimize as it can when you are consolidating that in terms of broad match like future match types, and don't have anything to share on that right now, but I think looking farther ahead, you know, the kinds of queries that we're seeing, I think this all kind of maps back to what are we seeing from a consumer behavior standpoint, sort. Behavior standpoint, it is changing rapidly, like across devices, the modalities, lens search is growing significantly. Then, of course, you've got as in or as in AI overviews that the new AI mode. So it's all of those factors are really changing the way that people are searching, and the types of queries that we're seeing. And so the old way of like people used to type in two to three keyword phrases, right? We all we all know that, and that's where our keyword list came from, and they were easy to map to what we expected people to type in. And that's where broad match and all the other creative optimizations are coming into play to be able to have that coverage without having to have exhaustive lists that you're just not ever going to be able to capture all the opposite demand,

Speaker  735658:40
Ryan, you got a loaded question with three different areas, I want to make sure, like, we could get to that. I mean, maybe me and you could jam after, just because that's going to probably take like, 15 minutes.

Speaker  739504:00
So I asked my head of digital ads, I told him that we were cool, and I was like, Hey, do you have any questions you'd love to ask? And these were them. So I am far more ignorant than most people on this call about the space just enough to hire people who know what they're doing. I think, yeah, so I'm happy not to go into all of these. I know there are lots. Perhaps it's just a follow up. Or if there are any that you know, Jenny, you'd like to cherry pick from there. Yeah, happy to to do it that way as well.

Speaker  749146:40
Yeah, I'll go backwards. So number three, on a Mac, how AI Max is going to decide which queries to match my ads to? So your your keywords still function the same in your ad group the in your campaign. The difference is you'll also be able it will expand to keyword less queries, so essentially will take the place of what Dynamic Search Ads. So it will look at the content on your landing page as well as and Dynamic Search Ads don't do this as well as the content in your assets. And so you're the creative as you've already created, as well as your keywords to match to that. And then it will also look at your keywords and do broad match expansion on that, so you can have your keep if you're if you still are using phrase and exact, that's fine. And actually we, what we see is better lift performance for especially for those who are still using mostly phrase and exact on this, because by having this expansion and then similar to, yeah, negative keywords work exactly the same. So your negatives nothing changes there again, all of your main campaign settings stay exactly the same. The other thing I'll add is there are some additional controls with AI Max and one being a location of interest, setting that you can use at the ad group level. And this will help you one not need to have exhaustive lists of keywords that have your location in them, but also will help map out and get you that the keyword list expansion. So that's something to

Speaker  781066:40
think about. Is an interesting one for us. You know, we, we've, I'm fairly new at this company, and we, so is the the marketing team, and so we have dramatically evolved how we're handling digital ads, and we've seen massive improvements. One of the key things we did, which will seem obvious, was obvious to us, is correctly tracking conversion. So you know, we're essentially a telemedicine company, and we provide services for addiction treatment, but correctly, the thing that we care about is converting to actually creating a visit and completing that visit, and so sort of transitioning into getting more effective at like tracking that as the conversion, as opposed to just a booking or as opposed to just an account creation, for example. But this is sort of a follow up to that, as we become more advanced in tracking conversion and better understanding our customer base in terms of who's high value, who's lapsed like being able to use that more effectively?

Speaker  797530:40
Yeah, on number two, given your sector, being in a sensitive category, I know there are whole. Whole number of levers that will not be available to you for privacy reasons. And then looking at the first one, yeah, glad. Super excited. P max in the lever black box. Yeah. And so, and this was the earlier question too. So at this point, nothing to say on being able to control spend on those channels. But what I will say is what your main levers here is looking at your creative assets. So if you see you are not showing up on YouTube the way you would like you're not getting the impression like, that's the opportunity to look at your video creative, if you're or if you're not converting through YouTube again, that's like a real opportunity to kind of showcase this areas for improvement, on the creative side of things,

Speaker  817008:00
that's great. Thank you so much.

Speaker  819584:00
You're muted. Victor,

Speaker  820672:00
there we go, naturally, right? I'll answer your question really quick. Rachel, so you asked, is p max worth it for smaller clients that might not have erm base? So the whole story we've been bringing to the table today is first party data is extremely valuable, especially if you're trying to leverage a tool right that's designed to determine what inventory you want to show up in, right? So as you're starting to build that, P max can be a pretty effective tool, but I would sandbox it, right? You're always going to want to be testing. So just set a test, set a goal, make sure you input the right assets in terms of smaller client, is this like retail, or is this lead gen? Just to clarify,

Speaker  835936:00
she here, okay, sorry, I

Speaker  836448:00
didn't think my microphone was working. Lead Gen in particular. One client I think of is we have, like a home renovation client, so they're pretty local. They get good business, but they're not going to have 1000s and 1000s of clients. And also, like, a little bit old fashioned. I have some clients that are a little bit more traditional in their marketing, so they don't have, you know, HubSpot Salesforce, everything. So I and we've tried things like p max, I struggle with them a little bit as far as getting, I think, feeding it the right data, and so I just been trying to figure out how to is it still worth it for them? Is there a way to use it also just convincing them that it's worth it? Because, be honest, they haven't been convinced. So,

Speaker  846858:40
yeah, personally, for me, it's like, first party, the more first party you have the better it's going to perform, because, like, we have seen it work for lead generation, but it's also like the conversion goals and the setup of the campaign. And then, to the point that I mentioned earlier, the offer matters. Like, you have an offer that slaps, it's always going to work, just have a relevant experience, and then p max is going to determine, like, where it's going to spend. Okay? What I want to do before we hop I want to ask you know, Ginny, in terms of something that could be most actionable, right for DTC brands within Google, like, what do you see the best way to utilize, how do you see the best way to utilize a p max campaign? Because everybody is looking at it like I'm either not getting enough information from it. I'm not structuring it well. I'm testing it versus standard shopping. I'm toggling on new acquisition. I'm not inputting creative because I want to try to control how, how have you seen the best setup to look like.

Speaker  865280:00
I mean, obviously it varies, I think, you know, and yeah, so on retail, lots of people were running feed only with campaigns, without adding assets. Me adding text, image, video assets so that they could focus their exposure on the shopping inventory. I think you know. What I would say is you can now run an experiment to test what it looks like when you're adding in those other assets. See, is it driving incremental traffic and sales? Is it driving, you know, incremental whatever your goal is? And I, for me, I feel like the the best setups are. Are people who come to p max with the understanding how it works and wanting to work with it. And so if you're if you're trying to sort of re engineer and like, do a bunch of workarounds, then I would just not even bother with it, to be honest. I would. There's all kinds of other campaign types that will work well, I'm sure I would. So that's sort of basically trying to say, Come to p max with an open mind and understanding mindset. Yeah, it has to be a mindset and testing mindset, you know, you want to come into it with. Have you knowing that creatives are important. Your feed, if you're if you have a product feed, your product feed optimization is super important, understanding, you know, taking advantage of things like audience signals. And again, just knowing that signals are the signals are just signals. They're not hard targets, but using those levers to help the system jumpstart and learn, super important. And then looking at, you know, as you start, I'm so excited for the reporting to come out, because it's going to give you much clearer understanding of what's working and what's not. But again, I would really think about the understand the concept of p max is to work as a whole. And so if you look at your channel reporting and see that I'm just gonna pick out a channel that that YouTube is not driving a ton of conversions, or it has a higher row as than your other channels. Think about it still in the totality of what you're trying to achieve. And rather than saying, YouTube's not working for me, taking a step back and saying, are there things I can do from my assets perspective that is going to help me do better on YouTube. And or, can I take a look back and look at bigger picture of how YouTube is driving the folder picture? Yep, that

Speaker  920629:20
was a great answer. Thank you, armagan, last question, and then we're going to wrap this up. We're running a little over.

Speaker  922789:20
Yep, sure. Thank you for this opportunity. So it might be something that you guys can help us with. We have a key account. It's a pretty big account in terms of media spend, but since January 2025, no Google rep is being appointed to it, and we have raised multiple complaints about it or multiple emails that you know, Please assign us a Google rep. And the answer we get is, this is totally random, and we can't help you

Speaker  933168:00
Yes, so I don't work in that side of the organization, but I can say that yes they and it's not totally random. I wouldn't like but there are whole bunch of factors that get looked at to when they're assigning reps and To Accounts and to agencies. So there is not a way to request a rep. That's just the nature of it. But you know it there may be that the next time around, the factors line up.

Speaker  944714:40
Awesome. It. Well, let you wrap her up. But yeah,

Speaker  946672:00
we'll wrap her up there. If anybody there, I'll be sending out the recording of this call. So if anybody wants to check anything else out, you know, do so Victor's always available to answer questions. You know, he is a member of the club as well as, you know, a partner, so he's always around. And most of all, we'd like to thank Jenny, because, you know, she gave us some some awesome things to think about, awesome, you know, tactics to go after. And want to, you know, really appreciate you taking the time. This group here is, you know, building some amazing businesses, and, you know, sometimes they need a little help, and this is, this is what we do here. So appreciate your time. And if there's anything else, just let us know.

Speaker  958858:40
Thanks all for having me. Thank you, everyone.

Speaker  959482:40
See you guys.
