26. FC Chats_ The Founder Guide To Owning Your Mental and Physical Health
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  976:00
Julian is not only a good friend of mine, actually, but also an incredible human and I'm going to let him explain his history. But if you're from Canada, well, really everywhere, he's previously founded a company called notable, which, growing up as an entrepreneur in Canada was like, bigger than being awarded Forbes or EY Entrepreneur of the Year. Everybody wanted to win the notable award. Every single year they had this incredible conference. It was incredible publication. It was like, the biggest deal. And he's been, I think he exited out of that, and he's done incredible things over his journey. Now, was he the founder of fucking fit over 40, where he makes people look as close as possible to him over 40, so they get the best shape of their life. So it's a pleasure to have you, Julian. I think everyone on this call can take at least a couple nuggets and implement it into their life, because just being around you myself as a cheat code in Toronto. I think there's a lot of value here. So welcome.

Speaker  17344:00
Thank you, and it's good to be here. Aaron clay, all the other founders, it's nice to be here with you guys and you gals. It's a pleasure. Listen. I hope that it's going to be super effective for you and I, and you know, like Aaron said, it's, it's conversational. So I don't have like, a big keynote prepared. I've got a bit of, like, a stencil of where I thought today would go, but I really wanted to be conversation conversational when you ask me questions. And I'm here to add value. I don't get paid for this shit. I just want to add some value support other founders. And yeah, it's actually the most intense time of my journey with this business so far, it's a seven month old business. We're doing phenomenally well, really, really, changing a lot of lives around the world in only seven months, getting tons of referrals. It's an exciting time, but I've never been this fucking busy. I'm not even kidding. It's like going back to 24 years old starting notable, I'm working 12 to 14 hours a day, and of course, I'm going on a trip for three weeks next week, and my passport was held up. I've been in and out of meetings, going to the fucking passport office. Like you understand how stressful that is. A, but B, when you're like, I've got so many meetings and you're like, emailing, I'm going to be 20 minutes late. Got to move this, do this. It's how I feel about when I'm fucking navigating someone's junk food cover like I gotta, like, figure out, not that, not this. Okay, I'll go with that. So thank thank God. Though I got the passport today, so we're good to go tomorrow morning. I first go to Montreal, and then I go to Tel Aviv next week. And, yeah, life of the founders, right? I love how Aaron talks about my journey with notable. I always appreciate it. You all know how it is when you're like, really zoned in on what's next. You often don't look back with enough grace and love and gratitude, right? So I don't even look back at notable at all anymore. I'm just, like, constantly plowing forward. But I always appreciate when someone like Aaron actually says it was a serious thing. So I appreciate that I was nine years of my life. Yeah, I'll just jump into the good stuff as soon as possible. But to give you a tiny bit of context, after I graduated, I ended up working in Florida for one year, doing finance, first job at a college, and then I was in Silicon Valley for about two years. After that, I left finance because I was like, literally 22 or 23 at that time, and I'm like, this internet thing is getting big. I want to see if I can, you know, jump into it. So I ended up hearing about the Miami Beach, the internet dating social networking conference at the Miami Beach Convention Center. I called the convener. I found his number somehow, because I was like, listen, I just graduated. I don't have money for this. This is like a three, $4,000 ticket. Can I get a student discount? He's like, no one's ever asked me for a student discounter in the six years I've ran this conference, I like your hustle, kid. I'll give you a discount. I went to be a sponge in the interest of time. I won't tell you the story that ensued about how I ended up getting a job offer, but it's a fucking like being guided manifest type of story, and I ended up from there, Canadian guy in Silicon Valley. I'd never even been to Cali. At that point in my life, I was lucky enough to work directly under the founder of what was once called engage.com founded by the founder of SNAP fish, which was sold to HP for like 300 mil. The founding team were NBA, Harvard grads, and I was the youngest guy in the office. I was the sponge. I learned to shitload. Moved back to Canada start notable mission was to create the online publication to inspire Millennials across the country to live a notable life. Went super hard, built a great team, built out the notable awards, and after nine years, I exited that in those nine years, I don't want you all to take a sidebar from this, because it's super relevant to everybody here, who I'm sure is hustling, going through some challenging times in your journey. At the time, I could not understand, you know, some of the anxious feelings that I had and the stress that I had trying to build the business. You. Had I not gone through that, I would not be where I am today, and I also would not have been able to do what I did after notable which was I wrote a best selling book called own your anxiety. And that was a business, was a social impact business that I ran for about four years up until now, was the most gratifying stage of my career helping people around the world with their mental health and their anxiety. And I want to just take that sidebar and say that, you know, we often don't realize why we're going through the shit that we have to go through and going through the weeds that we have to go through as entrepreneurs right in the moment, it's so fucking hard, and we're just like, God help me. How do I get through this? I hate to say it, but we all probably have a lot of coping mechanisms that we're not proud of. I certainly did back then, drugs, alcohol, sex, not my not who I am today, but certainly who I was in my 20s. You know, it helped me, sort of like, navigate for a bit, but eventually I realized this is just making everything worse. I found the world of yoga at first, and then I found the world of nutrition and holistic living and mindfulness before it was cool to talk about, before founders clubs existed. You know, I was like, I can't fucking talk about these demons that I'm facing because I want to be taken seriously as a young entrepreneur. Thankfully, I stumbled into a yoga class after night of after partying till 6am at someone's penthouse. It was a 9am class. I had a crush on a girl. She said, The only thing I'll do in terms of a date is go with you to this yoga class I go to Sunday mornings. Got on the mat. It was a Bikram class, 90 degrees heated, 320 degrees heated, 90 minutes it before started, I looked around. I'm like, these people are really fucking weird. I don't understand why they're all so excited to be here. I preferred after partying and having plates of, you know what in front of me, and you know Kobe Samantha alcohol, and I seem to be sweating more than anyone, and we haven't even started. I look down, there's a pool of fucking gray Goose vodka on my mat, and I almost passed out and died about 10 times. Literally almost quit. But my ego kept me there because I was trying to impress this girl who brought me there. She never ended up taking me too seriously at that stage in my life. But thankfully, I did have that two seconds of bliss where I was like, Wow, maybe this shit actually works. I don't have to keep on poisoning myself with other external substances, but I can find something internally that is going to get me to the other side of this journey I'm on. That's what happened, and today, at almost 41 this business would not happen had not been for that moment, the TAT too certainly wouldn't happen if it wasn't for that moment. And you know, I wouldn't be helping men across the world become better men, had I not gone through my own struggles. So just put it out there for anybody going through a struggle right now. I want you to know that I really do get you like I know we always hear it's a safe space, and it's kind of, I don't know about you, but it kind of irks me when I hear that. Irks me when I hear that like but when you're with me, it really is a safe space, because I guarantee it, I probably part of your party harder and done more shit I regret than all of you put together, but I'm on the other side, and I'm better man for it. I'm engaged to the woman of my dreams, and had I not been the fucking idiot I once was, she would have never met the man that I am today, because I would have never had a chance to become him. So just want to put it out there. Okay, when we go into questions, know who you're talking to, I get it.

Speaker  130464:00
Hey, Julian, you know, one thing that'd be kind of interesting is when you left notable and you had that kind of timeframe in between that, you know, a lot of people here have exited. Some people have exited. A lot of them think about exiting. But that's where a lot of that anxiety and that stress and that depression kind of builds sometimes. What was your suggestion? I think I understand, oh, I said, when you when you left, notable, when you exited after talking to you, you know, that kind of fucked with your head. What was that journey like, you know, after, kind of after the exit, and, you know, brought you to where you are. Now,

Speaker  138533:19
it was in the nine years that I discovered yoga, and yoga led to wellness overall, and I charted this way in terms of my health and wellness in those nine years. But by no means was I like a perfect saint. I still took many steps back, but the overall trend was upward to the right, just like a good business. Therefore, I don't want to mislead anybody. I wasn't a lost soul. After I sold notable I had developed life skills that I called on immediately after I said, Okay, now I want to go and help other high performing entrepreneurs who are facing anxiety and stress the way that I was, and I figured, I'm going to write a book to do so, and I'm going to build a social impact business and company called on your anxiety with an online program and coaching and live events in order to really help people, you know, who might be where I was before. So, you know, I had the fortune of being able to really put my head down and, like, do a different side of life, which was, like, write a book, you know, and not have to worry too much about paying the bills, you know, for a moment in time, like I, you know, because when I started notable, like, I came from nothing, I was flat broke. My bank account wasn't red a couple of times, I almost couldn't make my rent like I was on fucking Craigslist looking for a desk for 75 bucks because I didn't want to buy a new one, like I was really fucking broke. So when I decided to go into this journey, it was empowering. It was incredible. I spent about three years writing the book and doing some consulting and advising early stage stuff on the side, and I learned. Lot about mental health. I validated everything that I that I had been through in my own life, through research, through data, through interviews with, you know, medical doctors and practitioners of the Eastern world to create on your anxiety, 99 simple tools to channel your secret edge. And I'll use that as a bit of a platform to say that the whole theory about that book and about entrepreneurship for high performing people is this, that anxiety can actually be our superpower, right? It just that it has to be channeled in the right direction. So if it's not channeled in the right direction, then it is debilitating, and it keeps us up at night and it leads to inflammation in the body. It leads to us, you know, trying to look for external things to to dull our minds, because it's racing so much, right? And sometimes we feel it physically. Sometimes it's just mental. But instead, if you can act as if you're a fucking pro athlete or a musician going on stage, going on the ice, going on the court or the field, and channel all of that extra energy that looking back, I can say this now with confidence, we're gifted to have that anxious energy. It's just that often it hits the body and the mind in a confused state, because there's so much of it we don't have to do with it. It manifests in an ugly way, usually in an uncomfortable way. But if we have the tools to shift it and channel it, then it becomes our superpower. And you go on the ice of your business, or you go on the field of your business, or the stage of your business, and you channel it, and you become a superwoman or a Superman. And that's anxiety at work. And I actually what I've been around the world talking about this live TV speeches, you name it. I'm really grateful for those opportunities. I got to tell you, I really am. And when I show people that, you know, you've been through some shit, you've got some anxiety here and there, maybe a lot, maybe a little, but it's in those moments that you're given this superpower, this this channeling, this of energy. Now you got to decide, where am I going to focus it right? And that's where we can tap in and fucking go all in on focusing and on business and all that. And in a second, I'm going to offer you guys the opportunity to just chat with me, which I hope you'll take me up on, otherwise it might be a bit awkward. And I'll say that that it was that business that allowed me to get into this business right because now I deal with strictly executives above the age of 40. For the most part. They're married men with kids and big businesses exits. You know, some have a ton of employees. Had it not been so watch how life works, though. Had it not been for notable where I was a 24 year old startup entrepreneur getting anxious as fuck who heals himself through natural solutions and exploration of me, I would have never been able to go and create on your anxiety, which became a best selling book, and it's helped 10s of 1000s of people. And then I would never be able to actually coach effectively and help hold space for the big fucking guys, the big shots that I now work with, right and my business is doing phenomenally well already, like we're already well into six figures, and I've been literally live for less than a year. But most importantly, we're changing lives. So it's that trajectory you just never know, but you just got to stay focused, stay in the game, and you got to push yourself to literally be your own biggest cheerleader, your personal coach, and your biggest critic. Okay, I'm very hard on myself, not saying, be hard on yourself, but you do have to be a critic you, because only if you are a critic of yourself, but not in a fucking abusive self talking way, but in a tough love self talking way, then you're able to actually say like, Well shit. Like, could I be better? Am I thinking about this properly, and is my morning routine serving me or hurting me. Is my addiction to my phone good, or should I? Should I? Should I? Should I work on that? Am I a fucking asshole with the with the man or the woman or the kid or the whoever, or my parent who loves me? You know? Am I a jerk with my team? Like we got to be constantly giving ourselves our own like evaluation, you know? I'm saying to get better, and then have the balls, sorry for the ladies on the call to actually, when you when you see your blind spot, have the balls to go ahead and actually, like work on it. Right? It takes a real leader to say, okay, you know, I identify my issue, and now I'm going to go work on had it not been for that path, I wouldn't be here. And I hope that this is like, served you in some way. And I think we can go a little bit deeper if you guys ask me the right questions.

Speaker  230725:20
All right, let's open it up for some questions. I know this is going to be one where people are going to be a little anxious about what they talk about, you know, as always, but I've got one.

Speaker  232869:20
I've got a few. I mean, I think one thing that I want to ask you, Julian, is something I've been talking about a lot, and I had this dinner with a friend and a mentor of mine yesterday, and we end up going on and on about this. Of you know, you mentioned in one way or another, it was kind of like you staying in the game and, you know, through travel and through early entrepreneurship and through major success, through changing and different countries and relationships like you. Constantly you mentioned, like, a version of staying in the game, otherwise you wouldn't be where you are today. So does that mean? Because at every point this happens, and I've dealt with it many times, I'm sure everyone else has, at some point in the journey, sometimes you're lucky, and the thought is fleeting, of like either giving up or am I doing the wrong thing, or is there something else that I should rather be I would rather be doing, and that sometimes manifests as anxiety. Sometimes it manifests as doubt. Well, was that the right move? Was that the right hire? Is this the right direction I'm taking my businesses? Do people actually like what I'm doing? Talk about how you kind of challenge those in your head on a daily basis. I find that we all kind of deal with that a little bit differently. Sometimes we just ignore it, which I try my best not to do. I try to kind of go head first into it. But I'm curious, like, what you do in those situations of doubt, anxiety, stress, evaluation, business, life, personal, whatever area it is. So

Speaker  254138:40
there's two things I would say. One is very tactful and just easy to say it's like, it's like a hack. And one is more something you got to feel okay. So the hack would be that I like to put a sort of time limit and a parameter around my worry in all things, including the question you just asked when it comes to business and being a leader, I like to put this, like timestamp, if you will, a parameter, a compartment around how long I'm going to allow myself to focus and worry about any particular thing. Okay? So if it's the right hire, if it's client retention, if it's we're in a down stage of business, or we're in explosive growth, and I'm stressed out, can't can't sleep, I've got to do my best to put a parameter around how much time I'm willing to give that thing, that issue, okay? And I make a deal with myself, just like you were making a deal with your business partner. Let's say same idea. You got to make that deal. You got to make that contract. It's got to be set in stone. You got to honor that if at the end of that time, you're like, well, actually, we need a second meeting. You have a second meeting, and you hold more space, and you create more time, but put a compartment around the word. I actually learned this. I have my own spin on it now, but I learned it from reading. From reading Dale Carnegie, How to Stop Worrying and start living, like 15 years ago, and I never forgot, anyone doesn't read Dale Carnegie. Star reading Dale Carnegie, okay, starring in Dale Carnegie. He's the godfather of the personal development self help world. The second is, like I said, a little bit more like, you know, you got to feel it. It's a little more like metaphysical, and that would be if any human being, but especially us founders, does not have an internal environment, a very high level of peace and calm, and having the tools that we've worked on enough to know how to take that breath to ground ourselves, right, or know how to meditate effectively, or know how to take 10 minutes and journal out what the fuck you're thinking about or stressing about. We are making our lives way more of a gamble. In terms of like, you're going to Vegas, you're at the, you know, the blackjack table, and you're hoping to get the right hand. You're hoping to make the right decision, but with these modalities that are now so present and spoken about, meditation, yoga, breath work, sitting in a fucking corner and turning your phone on, silence, like all these things, you have the opportunity to get very good at making time for you to start to become more comfortable with yourself and with your thoughts. And I think that's something that every founder, if you want to be effective, needs to be better at, right? Because here's the thing, if, and I know this, because this was me when I just, like would go to a yoga class or try to meditate before I actually, like was fluent on my mat, or comfortable sitting cross legged like in my own space, I was almost more uncomfortable trying to do it, and that made me feel more stressed out. But just like firing off an email without thinking, or brushing your teeth without thinking, you want to create that same habitual state with the modality that brings inner peace and calm, and then you become, like, unstoppable.

Speaker  305151:59
Daniel, you had a question.

Speaker  305632:00
I was just wondering, how you assess whether or not a current habit is like, overall productive or unproductive. Because, like, you know, if your mission in life hypothetically was to, like, have fun and do fun things, then going out and partying with your friends to 3am might not be unproductive. And then there's other scenarios where it's like, your friends and family are commenting and you're not. So those are, like, the obvious ones. I guess the question is, like, on the more nuanced ones, how do you determine if something is unproductive to your, like, overall

Speaker  313813:19
goals? I mean, isn't it obvious? Maybe for

Speaker  314645:20
other people? Yeah, I don't think that it's so obvious. I think that the devil is in the detail, like the day before you go on a diet. It's not obvious that you should go on

Speaker  316810:39
a diet in the first place.

Speaker  317866:40
So my question is like, how do you assess if something is like product? Yeah, that's my question. How do you assess if something's per. Attention.

Speaker  320143:59
Can you give me a little more context? It's, I feel like you're almost there, but we're not there yet.

Speaker  321631:59
Um, so if everyone on this call was to, like, you know, say, Hey, are you eating your sports drink every morning? Like, you know, you should, the half of them would raise your hand, and the half that aren't are saying, I feel fine. I don't need a sports drink. So they haven't, like, figured out whether that was productive or unproductive for them, like, how and like, for every person who's not doing a cold bath, it's like, that, does it? I guess my question is like, how do you decide without everything, without anything being broken, how do you decide where to start repairing?

Speaker  330405:20
Can I go a step deeper with you? You guys are founders. You guys were here for like, the real shit. It's not just a general keynote. Make it make it about you. Daniel, what do you really want to know?

Speaker  332906:40
Ludicrous, like last week, Aaron was talking about getting in the best shape of his life. And I was like, Man, that sounds really cool. And then I was like, I don't know if I want to spend, like, my days getting in shape. I really like my days, you know what I mean? And it's like, is that laziness, or is that? No, I'm living my best life with this bag of potato chips. That's delicious. Do you know what I mean? Like, that's a tough call. But if it's like, oh, potato chips are gonna make you die, and you're not thinking about the end game, I'd be like, I don't, yeah, that's my question. Was, like, how do you

Speaker  340559:59
I love it? I can go from here so, and it's so relevant. I just had a coffee slash meeting with an old friend of mine, and he was once a very good looking, always a super wealthy guy, and now he's super overweight, and he's got all sorts of these influence inflammatory health ailments that have come from abusing His body. How old are you? By the way, 38 Okay, ah, so you're getting up in my neck of the woods, and this guy, like is in terrible shape now. So when it comes to fitness and health, I mean, these are actually easier things. That's why I said, Let's go a little deeper. I want to really get to the point of what you were talking about. It's actually far easier because you see health and health, health. Let's go there. It's not like other things in life where, like, you know, you can have like guesswork and, you know, there's so many like unknowns. It's we all actually have enough knowledge and all the data and the stats are out there to make really empowered decisions when it comes to our fucking health at this point, right? So if we're dancing around like that shit doesn't exist and the potato chips will not catch up to us, like we're just fucking lying. So you don't have to be as intense as Aaron. I saw his post, and now it's even the best shape of life. I mean, personally, I fucking like it, because I'm in the best shape of my life, and I'm almost 41 and it feels fucking amazing to know I conquered all of my demons.

Speaker  362709:20
I'm not there yet, but soon, soon,

Speaker  363722:40
it should be easier. If you want. We can put some grays on your beard. You could join fucking fit over 40. We can lie, but you're it so health and wellness everybody, not just Daniel, it's for everyone. Really, it's so easy. You ask yourself, Is this serving me or hurting me day to day. But then you ask yourself, Where do I want to be five years from now? What I want to be 10 years from now? You know, I think when it comes to health, you got to scare yourself a bit if you're not taking enough big moves and making enough big changes, you say to yourself things like, Do I want to dance at my grand children's wedding? Or, do I want to roll up in a wheelchair? You know, I was once very fat, so I can, like, talk about how it feels to be out of shape when I'm dancing. Do I want to feel my love handles popping out and see my belly flopping around? Or do I want to feel like light and comfortable? Don't want to be sweating before everybody else? Do I want to have had health scares that are going to really be hard for my loved ones to deal with. What kind of quality of life do I have? I think when you're a founder, and again, it seems like personal experience, when you're a founder, it's so much easier to actually get your life in check. Like, yeah, sure, the surface, we have excuses. I'm so busy, I'm overworked. I'm usually underpaid, right? But if I put this much time into a job, I'd be fucking I would be chilling and done at six, right? It's so much easier, because you got to ask yourself, when I hit my home run, who do I want to see looking back in the mirror? You know, do I want to be overweight, out of shape, inconfident I'm confident, not fitting my clothes Well, or do I want to be like that together? Entrepreneur, that together. Founder, who's like, looks like Aaron. I mean, Aaron, you're a great example,

Speaker  391445:20
man, well, I was gonna say like that, that way you're saying like, that's exactly what happened to me. Actually, I lost, you know, over seven years of building hutch, lost a tremendous amount of weight. Like, literally just felt like shit for the most part, very anxiety driven. And I And last year I did, like, one of those gene you go to, like, a clinic for a day, and you do all the stuff, like the blood work, gene test, biological age, all that stuff. And the lady called me. And she's like, how old are you? And I was like, Well, I filled it out on my form, 29 and she's like, there's no way, like, you got to come and do another gut test. I did a second gut test, and she's like, your gut is of a 49 year old. And I was like, what? She's like, Yeah, I've never, you've never even seen this before. Like, what did you eat? I'm like, I didn't eat. I ate, like, bullshit. Like, I was snack like a bird all day because I was working, I was working 1819, hours a day for seven years straight. I didn't know, I didn't want to, like, eat anything. And it was such a wake up call. And she's like, you know, like, this doesn't trend well. And she, you know, did the whole analysis. And she's like, how do you want to feel under 50? How do you want to feel under 6070, and it was, like, you said, like, a wake up call, but looking back, you don't need a big you don't need big changes. Like, I 20 minutes a day has literally changed my life. I just do 20 minutes more now than I ever did. And sometimes I just don't know you don't like, I got down to your point. Sometimes you don't know, like, I don't know that unfortunately, like, it's a wake up call, like, Hey, your gut is 20 years older than you are. What are you doing?

Speaker  416368:00
I think your answer of, does this scale is a really good one. Like, if you were to hold something in your hand and you said, Hey, I eat this if I'm going to make this part of my habitual routine, does that scale? You know, because we're all business owners, if you were to offer me $50 I'd be interested only if it continually

Speaker  420640:00
scale compound. So everything compounds our habits compound our day to day. Like, every single thing we do compounds. Even some of the conversations you have, like with people, they compound. It's like, whoa, where's this going? Where's this relationship?

Speaker  424133:20
What's your 20 minutes? Aaron, you said 20 minutes. Kat, what do you what's your 20 minutes?

Speaker  425301:19
So, Julian, I'm curious what you think of this. I'm sure you'll love it. So Julie mentioned the word modality a lot, which is like, essentially another word, in my opinion, for different practices, and everyone's got a different version of it. The one thing that I've done that is working for me 20 minutes is I do the Wim Hof. You going on YouTube. It's free. It's a Wim Hof. It's 10 Minute breath work. It's literally 10 minutes. He walks you through it. Every single person could and should be doing this a minimum of three to four days a week. There's no reason why not. My anxiety goes through the floor, negative numbers. I just feel ready to rock and roll. It takes me 10 minutes. I then do five minutes of five or 10 minutes of reading or five or 10 minutes of journaling. Sometimes I'll do five and five if I'm like feeling it, but just those 20 minutes of sitting in one spot and, Julian, to your point, I couldn't sit straight for like, three weeks doing this. Like, I couldn't actually just, like, put I was, like, lounging. I posted it on my Instagram story, and some Yogi ripped me apart. She's like, you can't sit like that. Blah, blah, blah. I was like, shit. I didn't know, you know, I didn't realize, like, just to sit in upright position for 10 minutes is hard. It shouldn't be, but it's hard. It was hard for me. My back was kind of hurting and being stiff so that, like those that you know, what, just that 10 minutes, if you didn't do the journaling and reading and whatever, if you just did that 10 Minute breath work, I would bet life savings that you will have a more like intentional day if you do it in the morning, like 10 minutes. And every single one of us can peel away 10 minutes, and I'm more motivated to work out. I'm more and more I come i i Come into the business, relaxed, ready. The emails are nothing. I'm calm, and I just find like, that's my practice. Some people could be yoga, like Julian found his through yoga. Some people working out. But you gotta find something that gets you ready, dialed into the day, especially as a founder. When you know, you open your laptop, tidal wave, boom in your face, let's go. And, you know, you get kind of frazzled by it.

Speaker  455861:20
Yeah, I think it's when I look back on my own life. It's in my own journey with this. You know, now I don't need to be as disciplined with like this has to happen in the morning. It's got to be this much time and, you know, like, so numerically driven. But when I started out, I was extremely regimented with what I did, and that's how you make a habit, right? So I do think it actually pays when you're starting off to be regimented. And you also have to remember, guys like we have to remember that there are three elements to the being, there's the mind, there's the body and there's the soul. We've got to feed all the different parts. One part alone will not take you where you really want to be, right? You got to, you got to love and nurture all these different parts to yourself. So you got to think about it as this holistic, because we are holistic. We're part of nature. And I know that a lot of founders don't talk like this, but that's why there's so many unhealthy founders who unhealthy, and they have they have major issues at a young age, despite how much money is in their bank account or how nice their watch or their car or their house is, it's about finding that holistic way of living doesn't mean you got to go be a hippie and like, you know, just go, like, sing like, Kumbaya all day. You know, I actually think be a founder about your journey toward finding more health and wellness. Like, be a founder about it. Be intense. Be disciplined. Don't cut corners. Like you won't cut corners in your biz. Don't. Cut corners on your health, wellness, fitness, right? And like, you know, I tell my clients this, this might serve you personal PowerPoint Triple P. Every time you do something now that your future self is going to thank you for it, you dig up a Triple P, and every day you want to be getting your triple P's, okay? And be cheesy about it. It's kind of goofy. There's actually Neuro Linguistic Programming baked into this idea. You give yourself a Triple P, a little reward, and, you know, you either tell yourself a little inside, like, giggle or snicker, or you tell someone who's on that same, you know, vibrational sort of level that you're at, you know, like, if Aaron told me, like, Yo Jay, I just got a Triple P, like, I'd be like, Dude, that's fucking sick. Good job. You know, like, have your friend that you can say it to, or be your own best friend. You know, I'm saying, but like, have that Triple P now, all of the guys, these executives, in my program, in our in our WhatsApp group, literally, they'll be like, Yo, Triple P, I need late night food last night. Like, boom, Triple P, you know, Triple P, I got 10,000 steps today. Boom, Triple P, I did 20 minutes of yoga. Boom, Triple P, collect your triple P's. But again, I say this, and then let's go to the next question. Health and Wellness is the easiest thing to take action on, because you either look in the mirror and you see that it's your time to take fucking action because you don't look well, or you're overweight, or you're you've got health issues, don't wait until things get really out of hand, or you look at someone you love who let themselves go and let that scare us, to take our shit seriously. I take my shit seriously. I'm genetically a very fat person, and I have an addictive personality. I love alcohol, and frankly, if drugs weren't bad for you, I'd probably still be doing them all the time. I've seen too many people fuck their shit up by not taking this stuff seriously. So if it's not, if you're not enough to scare yourself, then look at someone else and say, Do I really want that one of my clients had a stroke. He's now joined my program. After that, he's 35 pounds less. His life is forever changed. Don't wait to be the guy who has a stroke or the girl who has a stroke. All right. Yulia

Speaker  510986:40
Kim, my question is, in this point in your journey, do you have any vices? And if so, what is your relationship with them?

Speaker  513040:00
Yeah, I love protein powder. Okay,

Speaker  514608:00
so, like, Is it easier for you now to just, like, you don't, like, lean on vices anymore because of just the habits that you develop? Right? Like, for me, honestly, after a long day and all all the stuff that I had to do, nothing quite soothes me like Cool Ranch Doritos, and that's like a really hard habit for me to kick.

Speaker  519621:19
You're bringing up trauma Yuli. I can still smell it on my fucking fingers, and I can remember me not wanting to take my shirt off at the swimming pool in that same stage of my life. Why are we so hard on ourselves? We make life so much more difficult. There I was not wanting to take my shirt off at the pool, I lied to the other people that I had a chlorine allergy, and that's why I swam with a T shirt on. Like, as if that makes sense, yet I would still eat my fucking Cool Ranch Doritos, like, it's so idiotic, right? The flavor was, was worth more than the pain I endured in my embarrassment of my body, were such idiots. How could I be so stupid? First of all, this thing that I actually have a lot of experience with addictive personalities. Anybody who's sort of leaning on a vice a lot, you probably have one. I do. I went through a long stage of life trying to, like, tame the inner beast, which was my addictive personality. I wouldn't accept it. I just kept trying to tame it and tame it and tame it, and I finally got to the other side. I'm like, wait a second. Like, embrace who you are, but use that as your strength, not your weakness, right? An addictive personality is an incredible thing, if it serves you right, if you become obsessed, as, for example, with, you know, making sure that your plate is optimized to have the perfect balance of Macros. Macros are protein, fat and carbohydrates, because you have this thing for food, and you replace the Cool Ranch obsession with the perfect plate. I do my best to make sure every plate is actually giving me more life, or I make sure every plate is optimizing my energy so I can fulfill my mission of service through my business, or I make sure my plate is so optimized because it allows me to be a better mother, either today or one day, right? It's just about shifting that Vice shifting, that that addictive obsession, personality trait that many of us have with something else. So I would encourage you to do that. You know, it's maybe embrace that you will always have that sort of like, I think a lot of us entrepreneurs actually do have this, like, addictive, intense personality. That's why we are who we are, why we went into this line of work. And it's just about using it to get you where you want to go, right? And I'll be super personal. So I've gone through in and out of giving up alcohol in my life, and I actually, at one point, I was like, I've done a lot of inner work, you guys, okay, like, like, I'm a fucked up dude. I've done a lot of work. I've gone to AA as well, because I really wanted to understand, like, Am I an alcoholic? You know, we all know people who are high functioning alcoholics. They would never consider themselves an alcoholic because they're you. Killing it. I know guys who still run marathons and they have a drinking problem. I was actually one of them. I got ripped as a drinker. That was the scariest part. I looked amazing. People were like, What are you doing for your body? But I was, I was metabolizing alcohol so well that I was still able to work out like a beast. Still do my yoga, still have two drinks a night. Sometimes have 10 depending on the night, but still, two a night, three a night. No issue. My high end tequila, my high end scotch, and like, Okay, that's a problem. And the fact that you can metabolize it, that's a real problem. Is your body's used to this poison. It's gonna catch up with you. Julian, so I've been to many a meetings, and to be honest, I realized that I'm not an alcohol but nonetheless, I know how easy it is to slip when we get overconfident, so I keep this little fucking ship right here on my desk. But I'm doing 30 days. I'm at almost 90 right now. I come and go when I want. I'm doing almost 90 right now, and I'm gonna do a year. Actually, I've committed to a year with my fiance, and it's just really important to replace it. So I replaced my love of high end spirits with my love of early morning coffee. You feel me, I wake up at 5am and I'm just like, sometimes we go 430 naturally, and I'm just so excited to go have my beautiful, delicious, top quality beans, and have my peaceful morning while it's still dark out, right? Another easy one is replace eating bad food, or, you know, doing some sort of unproductive behavior with like learning about yoga, learning about fitness, loving, finding a new hobby. It might sound lame, but I'm telling you, it's this type of stuff that literally creates our life, and it can make our life the most exciting, vibrant, amazing life ever. Cool. All right,

Speaker  589322:39
Levi or clay, were you gonna say? Zach, no, just gonna get Levi going.

Speaker  590282:40
Levi, bring it on, baby. Hey.

Speaker  590826:39
What's up? Sorry, sorry, I joined late, dropping my kid off at soccer. Good man. I hope you guys didn't cover this already because, because I was late. So basically, what I find is that most people who you see were really healthy, really in shape. They're basically their life revolves around it. That's what it seems to me, at least. And I feel like, as a founder, I have too many things that I'm dedicating myself to, that I feel like they're all kind of suffering, including my business. Sometimes I'll kind of be hard on myself, like, you know, I should really be working much harder on the business, spending more time doing this and that. Like, nine months ago, I started working out with a personal trainer next door to my office, so that way I don't waste any time traveling. I literally work till 11am 11. I run over there. We work out 11 to 12. And even that, like, I work out for an hour, I go home, my shower, I eat. That's two hours the middle of my day. And I feel like, you know, I'm not really giving this business everything I got, because I'm taking two hours off the middle of the day. And then, you know, my kids teachers want me to, you know, practice stuff with them at home, and they need to work on this and work on that, and it's like I'm working on that. And then the same goes with exercise and the diet, and, you know, trying to do everything, you kind of feel like you're not really giving everything. You're all and I don't think there's enough, you know, how much could you focus on one thing? I recently joined the volunteer emergency service, community emergency service. So, you know, they're also like, oh, when you're home, you should be practicing this and that. And I'm like, How much time do you think I have when I'm home? I'm doing everything, you know, after hours. So, so how do you really get in shape without making it consume your

Speaker  614517:20
whole life? It's a great question, and it's a real, it's a real thing that everybody faces. You know, it's, it's, it's number one, you got to be real with yourself and look at what the priorities are at any given season of life. Okay, some things can go some things can't. I would definitely make the case that health and fitness can't ever go how ripped one might get. Yeah, maybe that can be, you know, up or slowed down, depending on the season of life. Absolutely, one of my clients just exited a business he's not one in the gym two hours a day. My program only calls for going for 340, to 50 minute workouts per week. Now he's like, extra ripped, but he lost 35 pounds before that. So you got to ask yourself, what season of life you're in, right? And I think you've got to have, like, a baseline that that you don't go below, okay? So that allows you to be like an artist and a scientist about it, like you got to be a scientist, meaning like you got to have your number and you got to stay got to stick to it, and the artist is like a feel. And that's where hacks, optimizations really make a big difference. Because, you know, two people can go to the gym and both go for 45 minutes, they get completely different results. Like, how many people I see actually working on personal trainers or not, and they just get no results. Like, I see people at the gym I go to like, like men who are just, like, literally three times a week. I see them with the trainer and like, the trainers like this half the fucking time, not even watching what their clients doing, right? It hurts me so much. And these people, like, I don't know, maybe it's like a client retention plan. Like, don't give, don't get. Your client good results, so he's become your client for the long term. I don't fucking know, but it's like you got to it's up to us to ask ourselves, like, what are my non negotiables? And I think when it comes to health and wellness, you need a non negotiable. So to ask your question head on, you got to have an effective way of living working out and fitness. It should not necessarily be like a fad or a program. Well, let me correct myself. It should definitely not be a fad. And if you join some sort of program, you got to say, I'm going to go all in. I'm going to, I'm going to reintegrate my life to this program, if it's a healthy, positive program, and I'm then going to, you know, integrate. Life's about integration. It's not often just about substitutions, but integration. So a good way of living when it comes to fitness and health and wellness is about integrating it into your life, and then it gives you more time to be amazing at the things that you got to do, whether it's being a father, being a business person, etc, right? But you got to be jealous. One of my first mentors said, Be jealous with your time. Be jealous with your time if a trainer isn't giving you what you need, fuck them. If you know your lunch meetings are going too long too often, I'll do a zoom. You know, if your zoom meetings are not being best used at your desk, go on your fucking feet and hold your phone for an hour and walk like this, right? Like it's about being jealous of your time and optimizing all of your time, because it's sacred and it's special.

Speaker  662645:20
I'll also say, has anyone who has read atomic habits by James clear, it's such an amazing book, obviously, to build habits, but it's also, like Julian just said, in my opinion, like, how do I do these really small things that's maybe not two hours left. You know, maybe it's, maybe it's 30 minutes. Like, sometimes I'll say, like, I don't have time to work out today, but I was, I was mean, I wanted to work out. I meant to work out, but whatever, I'll literally just be like, okay, 10 minute timer. I'm going to do like, as many squats and as many push ups as I can the next 10 minutes. And I'll literally, like, be drenched in sweat, wipe it off, sit back down and back in the game, and I like, I tick the box. I feel good about it. Was it as good as a workout at the gym? No. Like, was this good video here? No. But it's also like creating those little habits with yourself in really easy way. It's like, I spend so much time cooking, okay, cool. Like, how do I solve that? Really easy. It's just kind of like solving these things so you can spend more time doing the things you want to do, like you. I mean, for me, like, I don't have a kid, but if I had a kid, I'd be like, I want to spend time doing those things with them, like building that bond, building that memory. So then what I gotta do about the other time sucks in my life, and so that way I don't feel like I'm neglecting them. So I don't neglect my health. I don't feel guilty for neglecting my business, neglecting my friendships. Like, how do I do it all? It's so hard. It's want

Speaker  682922:40
to add something great point, Aaron, I want to add something so when it comes to fitness, and obviously that's, that's, that's my, my main focus of life, because that's what I do for a living. At this point, it's actually, I would I invite you guys and girls to do this the way that you create a strategic plan for the biz, for the business, make a strategic plan for your fitness. Because where I see a lot of people failing on their fitness and their health overall is that it's too happenstance and haphazard, like, if I have time, I'll do this, but they don't look at it. They don't sort of zone out and make a strategic plan, right? And I think that's why my program has actually done so so well, because it's a strategic plan, like I built this with a strategic plan for people to get results, as long as they just follow the program, right? I think where things get confusing for a lot of us, and then we just say, Fuck it, like, what's the point? Or we don't see real results, is when we don't actually have, like, a real plan that is part movement, part flexibility, part strength, part mental, part nutrition and diet, and then it's just so confusing, right? Like, I literally sat down with this guy I told you about, who's who's in terrible shape now and immediately become a client only if it's good for him and he's ready to rock and roll. Do I want him as a client? But I said to him, listen three minutes. I'm going to teach you the most important thing I can teach you in three minutes. And I literally broke down that a guy his size is burning approximately this many calories in a day, and this is how you need to eat to lose weight. And in your for him, he's only going to do about 2000 calories naturally, of burning a day. He's not a big guy, big because of the fat, but he's not a big guy based on his height. And with that 2000 calories, you've got something called macros, which is, you know, the nutrients, essentially the fat, the carbs, of protein on your plate, of 2000 calories in a day. So now you've got to be like a like a sergeant in an army and be strategic. Okay, what am I going to do with my 2000 calories in order to optimize my energy, my nutrition, have a little bit of joy through the food I eat, through flavors, right through fun, through eating out, maybe for some in some cases, sometimes, you know, for eating quickly, but but healthily, so that I can get back to work and back to my kid. Whatever you got to be able to understand these, these, these, these things, or hire professionals who can actually just guide you so you can focus on making money your way. But don't leave your health and wellness, which most guys do, especially founders, don't leave it as your like thing you think about when you got spare time. It's got to be like at the front and center, because otherwise we will never last through the journey, and we'll never actually get to the finish line. And if we do get to the finish line, we're going to get there with health problems, which isn't worth getting there at all. Cool. We

Speaker  728533:20
got time for a couple more quick ones. Who else got a question for for Julian today we can get into, you know, like he wrote a book on anxiety. You know, we're talking a lot about fitness. Let's, let's run the gamut.

Speaker  731706:40
Alright, George, we got a question. Hey, Julian, how are you? Hey, buddy, good,

Speaker  732762:40
you I'm good. I'm good. Sorry, I'm just out in the rain right now, so I can't, I don't want to keep a bit of a mess in terms of my my video, but great talk so far, definitely super helpful. I was just curious. Like, you seem very, like, just listening to you seem very obviously, very confident, very outspoken. And like, it seems like you've gone through a lot of adversity and you've kind of, like, transformed from, like, your story. That's kind of the gist I'm getting. I wanted to learn more about like, how do you I feel like you have a lot of like, self acceptance as well. You're like, Hey, I went through all this shit, and it's, it's helped my journey. I just want to get a better understanding of, like, that aspect of things, because I'm in a point in my business where, like, there's a lot of adversity, a lot of things that a lot of work on my plate, and, funny enough, like, it's impacting my health as well. Like, last Monday, like, I pulled an all nighter. I don't really pull all nighters, but that was the first time I did that in a while. So I was just curious, like, how do you like, in that journey, where you you went from, hey? Like, I'm dealing with all this stuff now, but on the other side of it, I'm a better man for it. Like, I was wondering if you can elaborate more and just go more into detail about that, if you don't mind?

Speaker  752480:00
Yeah, I'm happy to, and hopefully I can, I can answer that. I so I get the sense that it's like, this is, like a bigger, like existential sort of idea we're talking about. You know, I have a very special relationship to God. Ooh, the God

Speaker  757632:00
word. I'm with you. I'm with you. I had a

Speaker  758485:20
feeling there was some spirituality in there, man, look for me. And I didn't have that when I was younger and fucking around. By the way, it came in my 30s, and I embraced it even more so in my early 40s. You know, when I started to, let me tell you, right now is most important thing in this conversation, if you have this much spirituality inside of you, can lean into that world for a second, it'll serve you. More important thing I said, God puts us all here for a reason, and he gives us the skills that he that He's given us for a reason. Your life and your ability is not by accident. It is by intention, because there's no such thing as like a life lottery. If you have any belief in God or the higher power or the creator, there's no like life lottery, right? The fact that you are here where you are literally, you like sitting here in this moment, hearing these words with your ears, and not being born to a mother with HIV somewhere in a third world country where they don't have health care and they don't have food, they don't have water. It's not by accident. There's no life lottery that is called God. If you believe in God at all, you got to assume that God decided you should be where you are and you should have the abilities and the faculties that you have. So with that, the follow up is very simple. It is, well, does this action serve God or hurt God? Because God wouldn't give you what he gave you if he didn't want you to use it. We can all agree on that, right? So you ask yourself, does this serve God, or does it hurt him? This whole my body's a temple bullshit that we hear. It's actually kind of like part of that idea, though. It's really not bullshit. God would have given you a fucked up body if you wanted you to fuck your body up. I for me, and this isn't saying that I can even go to all my clients with unless they're on the more slightly spiritual side, because not everybody agrees with it. Not everyone feels that connection. But for me, because I do, I ask myself, does God want me to do this or not? Am I serving or hurting through this action? If I go grab my nice bottle of Reserva nejo over here, which is great bottle of tequila, and I can drink half of it right now. It might taste good for a bit, but I'm letting God down. You feel me? So yeah is the question we have to ask ourselves. And with that, like I said, it's most important thing, I said entire conversation for the past hour, that can become your guiding light on this path of not just entrepreneurship, but of life,

Speaker  794922:39
yeah, for sure, that's a great answer. Awesome, cool. I

Speaker  796058:40
sure asked a really quick question about low impact I think low impact cardio is fantastic. It's great. I would just caution everybody that, in addition to that, you got to be doing strength training, otherwise you'll lose bone density as you get older, and it's not a healthy look. You know, if you. Just lose weight, but don't have actual mass, and everybody loses bone density through atrophy. So you really want to have the balance. And then there's also the flexibility portions you don't hurt yourself.

Speaker  802560:00
Ooh, I think that's huge. We'll wrap it up. Oh, we all sitting like 1215, hours every day, opening up the hips a little bit.

Speaker  805184:00
Yeah, I literally keep this down most of the day, and I just fucking pop down there. Get two minutes stretching in between things.

Speaker  807589:20
It doesn't take much time. I love that clay want to

Speaker  808661:20
cap us off. Yeah, I think, you know, we'll wrap it up here. If anybody wants to get a hold of Julian. You know, we've got his information. If you know all our 40 year olds, if they want to get fucking fit, you know, hey, we'll set you up with them.

Speaker  812586:40
But yeah, I have allowed a 39 year old in thus far. So like, oh,

Speaker  813786:40
did they have a 49 year old got like, Aaron, you know, then you let him in.

Speaker  815450:40
Guys, now that I've exposed the truth, and none of you guys are allowed to share because I gave it to you guys in confidence in like in January. So what? In a year? It'll be a year since I did it. I did another one in January. I'll give you guys the update. Nice. If it's not better, you'll never hear from me ever again.

Speaker  820592:00
Alright, guys, thank you so much, Julian. We really appreciate it. And yeah, if anybody needs to get a hold of them, hit me up and I'll connect you. Yeah. Thank you, Jay. I was super helpful.

Speaker  822789:19
Appreciate all the best to everybody on your journey. Keep your head up.
