Virtual Hot Seat with Curt Lee
Date: December 10, 2025

Speaker  16:00
Station, being back here in the background, cool and you have a presentation. You can share it or Belem, you can share it.

Speaker  3248:00
So have it if you need it, if you want Kat, I can share it. If you prefer to share it yourself. You can do that too,

Speaker  6245:20
yeah, let me share it.

Speaker  9637:20
Cool. Great. All right, yeah. So the main premise of, like, the struggles that I dealt with on this new brand was kind of just ranking or getting any traction anywhere really. So kind of, like what Alex asked me in the group chat why I wanted to do this product. Was really because I kind of saw that trend of everyone doing slideshows on Tiktok taking advantage of that. So that's something I thought I could replicate and take advantage of and try to grow their brand through Tiktok slideshows. But that didn't really kind of pan out the way I wanted it to be a quick intro about me. I've been a member since 2023 actually, and super obsessed with pickle art now, the way I started off in E commerce is drop shipping in college, when I was broke, and then I got a job at an Amazon agency for about a year, and then just dive right into my own brand after that.

Speaker  31994:40
So, yeah, main thing try to solve is, at this point, what can I do to possibly relaunch this product, or best way to kind of recoup the most amount of money possible with inventory, I have about 7000 units of this left. The things that I've tried to kind of get this going. Is the Tiktok side shows. I hired a Tiktok manager. We had about 20 plus creators for about four months. We had issues with accounts getting banned, so that slow to stem then we had issues where accounts were just not getting any views. The most we did in a month was like maybe 2 million views overall with the 20 creators. So didn't see much success there. Obviously, we did PPC and some rebates on some main keywords. Kind of did all this, all of these three together to really push it, but yeah, the Tiktok side just never really took off. Yeah. And then the secondary issue is that I have an issue with the trademark, but I am still able to sell. I haven't had any issues selling on Tiktok or Amazon as of yet. Cool, any questions so far on, like, what I've done before? I guess I continue. Cool. Yeah, so there's a beef tallow. This is a product listing we've tried selling at multiple price points, starting at $25.19 and going all the way down to $15 didn't really see much change in terms of the conversion really. We actually had a pretty good conversion rate overall, about 12% correct. But cost per click was just really, really high, about $4 cost per click on average overall. So PPC just was just not profitable. Yeah, 367, 367 was the average of the CPC, so we spent about 32 grand over four months. Really, it costs us at like 150% Yeah. Then here's some data on the week over week on that. Yeah, here's kind of when we were trying to make a push, when we were doing a bit of giveaways, the tick slide shows, and I'm. On PPC, we really weren't able to, like, even break under top 20 for most of the keywords, even with doing the giveaways plus PPC, cool. I think that's all the info that I've provided. Let me know if there's any other questions you guys might have, or if I didn't cover anything that might be helpful,

Speaker  89253:20
I'll go first if you want. So I looked into this space after I saw your your brand and such, I would say that this product is very trend driven. There were a few brands that really sort of popularized beef callow like to the mass market, evil goods being one of them. And I actually had the same Tiktok shop rep as evil goods did, because I'm also in beauty, and they were their whole play. Of the thing that really scaled them on Tiktok was was views like they basically had a math equation that so many views equaled so many sales. And I actually have all of my notes, which I can send to you from my my rep was exiting Tiktok, so basically spilled everything to me, like the day before he exited about evil goods. Obviously, they were doing a lot of like, quite black hat stuff, which ultimately got them banned on Amazon. They, I know that they're back now I saw but they're they're not crushing it like they were before, and they were getting all their spillover from Tiktok. You could tell that they didn't really know how to do Amazon from their listings at the time, and he was sort of their rep throughout from like before they even got approved to list their product in the Tiktok shop, he was their rep and help them get approval. But they were just doing like awareness videos until then, they didn't want to wait. They were getting two to 430 pieces of content daily, just for reference, and that equated to about 2 million in GMV. They had 39 creators go live during that same month, and all the lives were from affiliates, not from the brand itself. 87% of their GMB came from short video. 3% came from product card, and the rest from live and let's see, they basically had you probably followed them on Tiktok, but they they had that one Creator who went viral with their products over and over again. And they did the kind of like, they use celebrities in their videos, and then they like, they made it seem as though they were talking about the celebrities results of their skin, or whatever we're talking about, evil goods product, which they obviously were not. And then what else? They also wrote a lot of scripts around creators making videos that said, like, moment of truth, I was so suspicious of this beef tallow, I had to try it for myself. This is not sponsored. It's my honest opinion. But they were all sponsored, and then,

Speaker  148688:00
yeah, and they went from 1.5 to three and a half million a month on Amazon as soon as their Tiktok blew up. So they were driving all of their traffic to Amazon via Tiktok. But I looked at the search volume yesterday for tallow related keywords on Amazon, and it's down like 80% Yeah, from earlier this year. So I think, and this happens in spaces where these, where you're jumping on a trend, rather than like either a creating a market and creating the demand from external like evil goods did through Tiktok or. Uh, doing a product that has like, you know, longevity, like a vitamin C serum or whatever, like, again, very competitive spaces, but, like, it's not so much of a trend, right? Uh, kind of everything in skincare goes through trends, because ingredients trend, or whatever, like, it's just kind of par for the course. The other thing I noticed in the tallow space is the the biggest brand that's killing it right now is the one wrath and remedy, I guess it's called No, it's Hold on. Anyways, they tell a whole is it hearth and homestead? Yeah, hearth and homestead. They really paint the picture through their listing. Like, if you think about who the audience is for beef tallow, like, Do you know who the audience is for beef tallow products, like skincare. It's not everybody just so, you know,

Speaker  177984:00
yeah, yeah. I think it's gonna be a very peculiar crowd that, like, wants organic kind of things.

Speaker  180224:00
So, yeah, yeah. It's very like, crunchy type people like I, I'm in this category of person, right? But if you go on Tiktok, there's a huge percentage of dermatologists and estheticians, poo, pooing, tallow, right? So you get this mixed bag. It's definitely the audience is, is crunchy people, right? People who really care about ingredients. They want, something like from the earth. You know, fewer ingredients the better. And hearth and homestead really caters their listing to that sort of audience. And I don't think that you are meaning when you look at their products, it's got cows and chickens and it all like we're a small, you know, support small farms and all these types of things which are talking to this consumer. Yep, right. Yours, your listing looks a little more like you're trying to hit the mass market with just another skincare product. But that's not who the audience is for. That's that's not who you need to be marketing to. You need to be marketing to the crunchy people. Yeah, right. So that's one thing I saw on your listing. You know, they they have, like, a family photo, like, oh, you know, it's family owned and hand crafted. And they really tell and they paint this story easily, visually in their listing, through imagery, right? So I think that that's one thing. Now obviously, like, if I could give you, like, a magic tick and be like, Yeah, this will turn your whole life around with this product and whatever. Like, I don't have anything like that. But one thing I found over and over again at looking at people's listings is that they're they focus too much on like features or benefits of their product, and are not marketing it and merchandising their listing to the demographic that the product is designed for, and the people who will convert and buy this because girl who shops at Ulta is not who's buying your beef tallow, right? Yeah, um, so I would say, like, think about your brand, and if you have to rebrand anyway, think about that when you do a rebrand, because you could make it look more more farmy, if you will. I guess, yeah, yeah. Um, anyways, I'll let some other people talk. But I think that you're up against the fact that evil goods created like, if you, if you look at the keyword grass, it spikes massively when evil goods blows up on Tiktok and and then it like, quickly whittles away over the next year, right? So I think that, like, you're going to have to do something to generate more demand for the product. And then the other thing is, like, you really need more than 83 reviews. Like, I think that you need a lot more reviews, which I know sucks to do on a listing that you're going to have to, like, rebrand and whatever, uh. But even your main image the background, like you've got that swatch of like a cream in the back, yep, it doesn't look like tallow is much more yellow than that. So if I saw this up against one that looked like hearth and homestead, where it's a lot like the depth of color looks a lot more natural, like no real tallow is like, white as paper, right? So again, I'd look at these things. These things are going to impact your your click through rate. They're going to impact your conversion rate. And and then I would make it look more more catered to the audience who's going to buy it, and then you're probably going to have to just generate some more demand for it to spike that back up again. And I'm sure it can be done, but it's not like, Oh, two videos on Tiktok are going to do it all for you.

Speaker  256688:00
Yeah, got it. Yeah. Cool. Thank you. That was very insightful. Yeah, I think on the Tech Talk side, we never really tried to break into actual influencers or organic content. Really was just the slide shows, mainly from a cost perspective. I don't know. I've just heard that, you know, doing even just sampling, like a bunch of samples, a lot of the content that you get back, even if you give a script, wasn't good. I've had some mixed hearing about doing the math sampling on Tiktok for videos, so I wasn't sure if that was still the right thing to do at this point. I know before, people were getting a lot of success from it, but yeah, yeah.

Speaker  272720:00
I think, yeah, I think you're right about that, especially early on, the bots not gonna work very well. But just based on what I've seen so far, it does appear that you depended too much on just one strategy with Tiktok, you depended on only slideshows, and it didn't quite pop. Slideshows are just another touch point, right? So on average, it takes 5.7 something. I can't remember the exact number for a customer on Tiktok to see your product before they make a purchase. Whether that's on Tiktok, that's that's to make a purchase on Tiktok. I noticed your listing only has on shop about 40 something sales, so it looks like you didn't really try shop at all. You depended mostly on slide shows only. I'd assume there's no lives. You're probably not running GMB Max, so your product card isn't showing up either. And, and, yeah, I just think in order for slideshows to work as well as they can, it needs to be a part of your overall strategy, not the only strategy. And we know this, because if we look at, you know, one of the main competitors that is absolutely crushing right now, Tara lotus, this is exactly what they're doing, right? They launched this year in August, so after you and they already have a BSR of, you know, 300 they're selling 20,000 plus units a month, right? And all they did was Tiktok shop and Tiktok organic. When I say organic, I mean slideshows or untagged videos, and that's what they're doing, right? And they started after you, even when you look at the brand that Prue mentioned a couple times, I'm not exactly sure what they're doing, but they're doing something right. They came out of nowhere. They launched in 22,023 and just all of a sudden in March, you know, if you look at their keep a graph like all of a sudden, they just crushing it, right? So they're, they're doing some external stuff here. Same with evil goods, like evil goods, I promise you, evil goods did not spend $30,000 on ads like you did in the first six months on sponsored ads. They probably didn't even touch that. They probably didn't even have anyone on staff that knew how to run sponsored ads, because they were just murdering it on traffic that was spilling over from Tiktok to Amazon, and I see that happen all the time with brands. They don't even touch sponsored ads until they're already ranked in the top 10. And then they're like, Okay, may as well just turn these ads on, because they're gonna, they're gonna convert super well. But you could have used that $30,000 and done a lot with that on the Tiktok shop side, especially knowing that you were launching this because of Tiktok, I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have used any of the traditional Amazon tactics that we used to use back when we were depending on Data Dive and all that stuff. Yeah, I would have just made the listing, just for it to be there. Listing doesn't even have to be that pretty. You know, we're talking about people who are basically they just hate vegan so they want to put meat on their face. So I really look at the tertilotis listing is terrible. You look at the homestead one, you know, you have cows everywhere. It's a terrible listing. But they're all doing something right. They're doing this external traffic thing right. But you are right about the the how intimidating it can be to turn on a bot and give out 500,000 samples and get nothing in return, because that can add up really quick. Your $30,000 that you spent on Amazon can be nothing compared to what people are giving away and samples and getting nothing in return. But there are strategic ways around that. You can watch my presentation on the cold start from Milan walks you right through how to get the cold start set up properly to where you're set up for for more success. I also know your manager, as you mentioned that slideshow manager, I'm aware of that that time was tough for everybody this summer with slide shows. Just everything was getting banned, or ghost banned, like views. Views were terrible, but right now, slide shows are just crushing it. Slide shows are just crushing and I could, I don't know if we can maybe share my screen later, or I can just drop some links on brands that literally came out of nowhere this summer, within the last few months, and they're already murdering it on Amazon, and it's all because of slide shows.

Speaker  356400:00
Gotcha. Okay, that's interesting to hear. Cool.

Speaker  357648:00
I cool. So, yeah, for me it was, it was interesting to look at this, I think so I don't really know anything about the space or, yeah, relatively fresh face to all and but the brand that was the most interesting to me, as Alex mentioned, was Terra Lotus. They were definitely most interesting. I think there was a brand called amalo. They were doing some pretty decent volume as well, but I couldn't see them on Tiktok shop. And when I think about you and your position, if you want to, you have stock that you want to sell through rebrand and then go again. For me, like looking at it, Tiktok shop is probably the biggest opportunity. Like when I look at Terra Lotus on Tech Talk Shop, they've done about half a million dollars in the last 30 days. If I look at Kat data, Kat data, which is really interesting. I think there's like, and yeah, and that is where we can dig into so I looked at tell artists, they're, they're running, I think they're running Facebook and Instagram ads as well, to DTC, but not much. I think they're not that's fairly light touch. I would say they're definitely focused on tick tock shop about half a million dollars in the last 30 days. Having a look through the content that's really worked for them. There's a few videos from a creator that as she's, I think she's been pregnant and she's got stretch marks, so she's definitely let them to that angle. And, yeah, and there's another one about looks maxing as well. And there's someone else who's people are so obviously stays with her. People are mistaken this guy to be like a k pop artist and supermarket and, you know, asking questions about that. And so that's obviously scripted, but there's like two or three angles in there right away that you could probably test and lean into from a content standpoint. Yeah, and I think, like, when I compare, was it terrible to swear versus the memory? Like terrible Lucas, I think, have crushing it, have less than 1000 reviews. So definitely feels like there's an opportunity as well. On amazon.com I think leaning into working with creators, I think there's an opportunity there. I think, as Alex said. About being strategic with that, so you're not sending out lots of samples and getting nothing back. I do think it's possible, because for me, like, if you have 7000 units, it's about trying to learn from that, trying not to lose money and turn it back into cash so you can go again. And so I think there's a good opportunity when it on two fronts around where you're doing outreach, testing angles with creators to understand what people responding to, and then also testing angles with when you're creating content with those creators to understand what works and to have that then inform the next brand you go after, or the next brand you go with, when you when you start again. I feel like when you know telelot is doing half a million dollars on in the last 30 days on Tiktok shop, it definitely feels like there's an opportunity for you there.

Speaker  412794:40
Yep, yeah, actually, Amala was one of the main brands that made me want to do the tell where I didn't see they had much presence off Amazon, and it seemed like they were just able to be successful on Amazon. And one of the few brands that kind of did similar kind of branding to me, where they didn't go too much with the cow stuff. So I thought I could kind of mimic that and have similar success. So, yeah, it is a mystery to me how they're able to do so well without the off Amazon kind of content. Yeah, it sounds like I need to do more content. I did completely pause my PPC at this point, guessing that like that really is the only way to kind of get this off the ground. Just focus more on content.

Speaker  431434:40
Yeah, if you try to do this the old way, right? And running the day to dive, looking at all the search volume for all the keywords, figuring out, you know, what your share is, how big the pie is, how you and figured out how many, well, we can't do giveaways anymore, but you know, if you try to do this that way, it's going to be expensive, right? This is probably a product that, if Tiktok didn't exist, and this hot seat was, what was about, whether or not you should even launch this product, we would probably all say, Don't even launch this product, right? This has to be done with social commerce, or Tiktok as the as the main strategy, and Amazon is just going to be like, a byproduct of like, if you can crush this on Tiktok, Amazon is just going to crush it on its own. Like, literally, all you need to do just make sure your main image is obvious enough that it's the image that people just saw on Tiktok. Like, don't you can worry about the image the listing optimizations later, once you rank in the top five and 10 and you're starting to take like organic traffic from people who aren't even on Tiktok, you can worry about optimizing then, but for now, as long as your main image is clear that that's the one that they just saw on Tiktok, you'll be fine, and you can just put all your efforts in in Tiktok. If I were you, if I were to start all over, I would do a I would do a combination of a few things, but mainly get your cold start out of the way so you have at least a few 100 sales on your product card. Because you're not going to be able to run a bot. No one's gonna even look at your product and want to try to be a part of this launch when you have zero sales, which anything under 100 practically zero. Get that out of the way. And then once you kind of see where you're at after that, with a few 100 sales, GMV match running with a few 100 videos. Now you'll kind of maybe gain some more confidence and be able to reinvest in the slide shows. Again, that are, that are are doing really well. Maybe we find you a different manager. Try to get some Mojo going with someone else. Combination of hitting shot hard slide shows. Now you have this huge presence. People know who you are. You turn on the bot. People get messages from you. They know who you are. They've seen your brand before. They're more likely to request a sample. Then you can be really picky about who you give those samples to. And then there's other things from there, right? There's brands meet creators. They have this new BMC Max campaign that you can do. You could have done two of those campaigns with that 30 grand and rattled off 2000 videos in two months and crushed it, right? But none of this is possible. None of this makes sense until you kind of it's a year out of. Chicken and egg situation, right? You have 40 sales right now. You need to get that to above 200 watch the cold start video, and I lay out exactly how to do that, and you can be up and running in time for q1

Speaker  484416:00
got it cool? Yeah. Definitely watch that video. Thanks. So it sounds like you're saying I should just focus on getting a bunch of organic content. Don't even think about slide shows until I see some traction there, and it should be more of a complimentary kind of piece. More than anything,

Speaker  490005:20
I think you could, you could hit just slide shows hard again if you wanted to. But I don't see any harm in going ahead and testing out shop as well, right? Because we know this product moves on shop. It's moved before Michael Kat is saying 500,000 in revenue, half a million revenue. He meant half a million sales, right? Like this is sold half a million individual cells for Terra Lotus. So we know this product can move on shop. I don't see any harm in doing that. As long as you do it right, it'll be cost effective. At least get your cold start out of the way. Couple 100 sales, couple 100 videos up and and then the slide shows will work better.

Speaker  502341:20
Yeah, got it for the slideshow part. How many creators do you think is a good number to work with?

Speaker  505269:20
At least 10, but I'll have anywhere from 40 to 50 at a time.

Speaker  506805:20
Yeah. Gotcha. Okay, cool. I think the last thing I really want to touch on is, like, if I did, you know, get this off the ground. I don't know if you guys have any experience on rebranding, or if that's like that you just make an announcement on your social media pages, like, Hey, we're rebranding. That's probably the best way to do it, right? Yeah?

Speaker  514432:00
I mean, how many followers do you have? Not? We haven't really tried building up the brand in that way, yeah? So I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry too much about it at all. Rebranding.

Speaker  517717:20
Yeah, random rebranding was tough couple years ago, right When? When? All we had was Amazon, but I've seen, you know, million dollar month supplement brands rebrand out of nowhere. NAD companies, I can't even remember what their old brand was, but now they're called category. They weren't always category. They changed their name recently, it was a I can't remember the original name, but it was just like, one day they switched, switched the brand name. Everyone just followed suit. No problem, as long as you do it right on, on socials, on Tiktok,

Speaker  527274:40
projects, get the same influencers who went viral to kind of announce that, like, hey, they actually rebranded.

Speaker  529840:00
Okay, cool. Also wanted to give an opportunity for a chat or Bogdan to come in here in the audience and ask questions or insert some feedback. And if you can join with your cameras when you're doing that, it is appreciated. I love Wagner.

Speaker  535061:20
Hey guys, sorry for keeping my camera.

Speaker  536101:20
Jamie and he's Jamie's mate, right? I think we've got a call.

Speaker  536917:19
Yeah, he's he told me to join so I was just quietly listening. I don't really have any questions. I think we're kind of in the same sort of happy screen. So I'm just, we're kind of in the same situation as Kat. So, yeah, I'm just trying to listen you.

Speaker  542394:39
You guys invested a lot, I know, so maybe, I mean, that'd be good to hear your version and things that you've tried, presenting that way? Yeah, we did a

Speaker  544799:59
lot of sampling, mass sampling, and it just did not work for us. We did paid affiliates. We did organic these affiliates just don't follow the briefs, even the paid ones. We really struggle because, you know, we're in beauty, so the product needs to be used to show sort of after effect. And they just don't bother with like, they don't care. Think, I think we sent out about 1000 samples or so. They just try different briefs angles, we were very successful with tick tock shop, organic free. Tick tock, sorry. Tick tock, organic pre, tick tock shop. Obviously, the algorithm has changed since then, so now it's all on hold, so we're. Around, yeah, we're just, we want to regroup, but it's all on pause for now. That takes auction. But

Speaker  563664:00
Kat, yeah, I'm in the same boat. I just haven't. I've given it probably about a 40% chance, 40% effort, and I just need to put find that other 60% somewhere, or 70 or 80 to Yeah, to make it work. Because, you know, I I think my product would like the flasks that people take into music festivals and on cruises, and I think a lot of creators and use that word, extremely loose, a ring light of Amazon does not a creator make, and I think they just don't have, people just don't have the creativity to come up with an idea for the product, or their ideas are terrible. So I've tried to make a brand board. There's a link. I even have a I built a GPT, a pretty extensive GPT, to help people write scripts. And I certainly cannot fault them, the creators, for their lack of effort, because, as my friend's High School quote was, people who live in glass houses should not throw orgies, but they also shouldn't throw stones, and that's so I'm as guilty as any of the the creators that are just kind of half assing it.

Speaker  594416:00
So I have, I have a so I'm not successful on Tiktok full disclosure, nor do I know what I'm doing at all. But I mainly for Alex, Pru Michael, and what I'm seeing a lot of larger brands are doing is they're having found their office hours with their creators, like on a weekly basis. Are any of you guys doing those strategies? Or anybody here trying that? I You Are, Alex and so yeah, the premise is, like the after half another call, but like, the creators are bombarded with what brands to work with. And if you're giving them a reason to really bond with you, on the on the level of the product, I'm sure that you're really involved. It helps them actually do what you're telling them. And like Mary Ruth kitsch, they all do this where it's like the founder sits in there on a couch every week at the same time, come join my office hours and talks and like becomes personal, friendly. I'm gonna help my call. Maybe you guys can talk about this. I think

Speaker  609984:00
that can help. Yeah, yeah. So for my live team, we have a WhatsApp group, WhatsApp community, and that they there's a section in there where they can chat directly with me at any time. We try to do not weekly, but at least monthly, sometimes twice a month, Zoom calls, where we all get together and just, you know, answer questions. A lot of people want to ask me some questions that they may have gotten during the live and get some clarification on it. I'll talk about strategies and promotions, and we all kind of just collaborate on, you know, way what? What do we think will work this month? Should we do a discount of this price? Should we do some giveaways? This, that, and this, that, and they love that. I mean, I tell you what, man, sometimes I'll just be like, messing around on Tiktok, and I'll stumble on someone's live, and they'll see that I'm there, and they just start, like, talking about how much they they love me, and how like they're they're doing it on purpose, right? They're like, Oh my god. So anyway, let's talk about the owner, because they see that I'm there, and they're just like, totally trying to, like, kiss my ass. It's hilarious, right? But they wouldn't be able to do that unless they really knew who, who I was. Now, this doesn't have to be you. I know there are other brands out there that are doing this really, really well, and it's not the owner, but it wouldn't need to be someone who is pretty damn close to the company that would be able to have that same type of enthusiasm for for the brand. But if you do have time for it to be yourself, or if that's your personality, some people will just they rather kill themselves and do this, but if you can, I definitely think it's worth it, or find someone that can do it when on the cold starts, one of my things that I do is, literally, I record a five minute loom for every single joint brand submission. So someone, we do 100 pack blast, and they submit a video. I record, I record myself watching their video, and then tear it down. Most of the time, 70% of time, I tear it down and then just let them post it anyway. But most of the and it's usually not like a massive tear down, most of the time, I'm telling them what they did, right? And then I give them a few tips on what I would change if I were to post again. And the idea is just for them to see my face, get to know me, make that change, maybe without me even asking, or they'll they'll just post again, right? They'll post the content, and then they'll post again. So that's that. That's like a little tip when it comes to the costar, but that's also just like, how much I'm basically just emphasizing how important it is that they see my face. I'm literally reviewing every single join brands piece of content that's submitted.

Speaker  656730:40
Yeah, one thing that I did when I did a large giveaway through I tried join brands, and the other Ian, I can't remember what his business is called, but I made handwritten notes. And to your point, Alex, like a few of the people, when I watched their video, like, spent time with like, Hey, I got a handwritten note from the owner, you know. So that might be something to consider. It's a, you know, it's not the most fun thing in the world to do, but, you know, I have a it's less personal now. But I did create a template that I have one of those like the four by six inch label printers. That's a thermal and I created a part of it that just wrote a note that goes on the bottom of the packing slip. It like fits in that area, you know, to try to try to make it personal, so it's not just the packing slip. You know, that's something that's easier to do at scale. But yeah, I think you're absolutely right about that. They want that connection, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  677071:59
And then just quickly on that we do, we do a call with our creators every week. So I've got mine today, actually, in a few hours. And yeah, we've got 700 people or something in the discord, but maybe 3040, turn up every week on the call, which is pretty good. And, but yeah, the discord. So it's definitely, I mean, Discord is obviously where most people are. I guess traditionally have held the group conversation, but they are. The other thing I'm looking at a lot is different channels and different touch points as well. So we were definitely looking at WhatsApp, or probably our most engaged or higher tier creators in 2026 doing that for them, and then, yeah, like, like, even just like SMS and email, so having, like, a essentially, like an onboarding sequence for them and email what We want them through the brand story or demonstrations how to use the product, those kind of things, so they can understand the product and understand the brand as much as possible. And then, you know, one of the things that Josh spoke at the mastermind was just like having, like, a bit of a content calendar when it comes to touch points as well. So thinking about the things you can communicate across to them through email or SMS, so that they have different touch points with the brand, because something like a discord can become quite noisy quite quickly, but yeah, like, I think, like the stuff that's not scalable, the relationship building, I think, can be quite powerful, because they get to know you. And I think some of these people on my call turn up because, unlike I love them, I love them, but they turn up for the the I think they just turn up for the banter, basically. And then they can also take the learnings from our call and then use it another, use it with other brands where they're potentially making more money, and from my perspective, I get to understand them as well and understand what's working for them, but then also understand about a little bit about the Creator journey as well, because lots of these people are trying really hard to make content, not having Success, and then after five or six months, then getting success. And I think that's quite similar to the entrepreneurial journey in itself. So from my point of view of being able to empathize with these people, I think it's really valuable as well. Genuinely, it's not something that's like, honestly, a very difficult thing to scale. But I just think being able to empathize with. Was quite important.

Speaker  720272:00
So I to add to that, in my limited interaction with these creators, I found that they're they're very skeptical people right like we hosted our event in Miami, and the feedback I got after was they thought that the event was a scam because we did not post about it on our socials leading up to the event. So they need a lot of like, supporting evidence or reaffirmation of this is real. You are a real person because they've been scammed, they've been duped, they haven't been paid, they've been undervalued, like, that's their perception where they're coming from, and they want to talk to you like the like, I've never when I send emails to like, blasts, I never get response rates like I've gotten from them. Like, wanting to connect and talk and give you feedback, because they're looking for that like, Hey, this is a real person. This is real. So, like, think view it from that lens of like, they're being bombarded by all these things. They think they're not real. And you're that one person that's willing to talk to them, give them, give them a sound board, and then they're, you know, it's kind of like you're, you're taking a bunch of salesmen that, you know, some of them are valued, some of them, and you're trying to form that diamond in the rough. And that's, that's the, I guess, the mindset, like it, is apply tactics, like if you were building, like boots on the ground sales team, like random people that are going door to door, but like you're trying to give them motivation and energy to continue going door to door kind of thing. So I

Speaker  747930:40
what do you think? Kurt, you have any other questions in regards to what your plan is?

Speaker  749226:40
Yeah, no, this was super helpful. I appreciate everyone's input. Yeah, I think right now, I'll probably take proof's advice and maybe change up my images a little bit towards the right demographic. We'll probably watch your video on the cold start and try to get the Tiktok side set up a bit more and try to grow it that way. I think the biggest concern I had kind of relaunch or do this was my trademark issue. If I was able to get this off the ground and successful, how I would kind of rebrand, because it would feel like a reset, but it sounds like I can kind of just do an announcement through some influencers who are going to be the main drivers of content to announce that three brand? Yeah, so I think that's how I'm going to attack it. Probably change up the imaging a little bit with the right demographic, and then see what I could do on Tiktok shop instead of trying to push Amazon

Speaker  769440:00
question, why are you so concerned about announcing your rebrand? Like, yeah, do you have a big following somewhere?

Speaker  772000:00
No, I don't. I think the concern is more of like the Amazon listing and then the Tiktok shop listing like more so if, if I grow this through organic content, then everyone recognizes natural aura, for example, and then I have to rebrand, because of the trademark issues, to something completely different, then it's kind of like I thought that like, or I feel like the brand would be recognized anymore, because I had to rebrand, right? So I did all this work to kind of grow this brand natural aura, start getting branded searches, and then have to hit the rebrand. I think the worry is that, like, I would kind of have to do it all over again, from scratch because of the rebrand.

Speaker  785872:00
Yeah, yeah, no. I mean, don't you're wrong. It's not. It's not. It's worse than not having a rebrand. But it's, it's not the worst thing in the world. I mean, you can just change your brand name and Amazon and on Tiktok. No big deal. Keep your reviews, keep your units sold, you know, so I found that I found the listing, Kat a core is the new name, ruse research was the old name. I mean, we're talking like multi million dollar a month company that was able to pull this off just fine, and you just just change the name, like the leave the bottle as similar as possible, with trying to make some of the adjustments that Pru was talking about, yeah, um, but I think you'll be fine when people and then, you know, for a while your imagery, maybe your second image will say, you know, bring. Brand From such and such and such and such for a few months, and then eventually all that old content would be buried, and you'll have a bunch of new content that you'll be good to go.

Speaker  802816:00
Yeah, yeah, I would be less worried about it, probably, than you are. And you know, if you're if you think people are married to the look and feel that your brand has right now, maybe keep it similar, but now is probably the easiest time to rebrand that you don't have a ton of sales and you don't have a huge following and that sort of stuff. Yeah, it'd be way harder if, if you had a big, huge brand that you know, a lot of people knew of for years and years and that sort of thing.

Speaker  813530:40
Yeah, I'm curious what you guys think about because I have 7000 units in Amazon. I'm curious what you guys think about me just rebranding, changing the name, but then they would ship out with the old name. I feel like I would get in trouble from Amazon.

Speaker  818256:00
Yeah, don't do that. Don't do that. If someone complains about that on Tiktok and you get your freaking shop ban from having career. Yeah, it sucks. I had, like, the smallest little change on my bottle once, and it was, it was a nightmare.

Speaker  822901:20
Gotcha, okay,

Speaker  823701:20
tick tock. Customers complain way more than Amazon customers. You know how we can, like, modify our main image, and as long as it's like, you know, not too far off, like Amazon customers just don't care. You can literally put a box in your freaking image and and not actually send a box. Amazon customers won't care. Tiktok shop customers are so used to getting ripped off that they think everything's a scam, and they will report you if, if the brand name is different,

Speaker  831162:40
Gotcha, okay?

Speaker  831978:40
And I would maybe if you're going to go find creators to work with, and you're concerned about Yuka, the Yuka bot, or whatever, you know, getting enough responses because of the lack of sales, or whatever, one thing that Hudson from comfort mentioned that he did at the beginning that I thought was very smart, is he found people on Instagram that he could tell made really good content. Like, find people who are on Instagram talking about tallow or some sort of cream or something related, right? Like, and you're like, oh, they know how to make good skincare content or whatever, and then ask them to come over to Tiktok, or maybe you may have to pay them at the beginning, because they're taking a chance on you, because they're going to have a harder time converting people on the listing that doesn't have a lot of sales, and get them to go create content for you over on Tiktok, because clearly they know what a hook is, or they know you know how to get views on content rather than just a bot, and you probably have a better likelihood of getting traction that way than just seating. You know, want to be creators with 100 followers. I mean, that way is, like it's a crap shoot, right? Like it's, you give away a lot of units, and you hope that you get a little bit of good content.

Speaker  858597:20
Maybe, yeah, yeah, no. Like that. Michael, you mentioned you had like 700 creators. I'm curious how you kind of jump started that discord or finding creators. Yeah.

Speaker  862714:40
So one of the things are you we were using a Yuka in the beginning, and still, we still are. But I think one of the things that we've leaned into recently, which is probably a bit further down the line for you, is again, person events as well. So we've done like, an in person event with MDS. We've done one with, like, in a booth for MDS at yf com, which is run by fast Moss, which is like, there's like, fast moss and Kat data. So they're really good, because you get to tell the you get to meet people in person that's a stronger like brand impression, and then build a relationship there. And Tiktok also hosts like brand spotlights as well, where you they'll pull in creators for you and stuff. But I think you need to be like a certain level. We were doing, like $40,000 a month at that point, and our account manager put us forward for that. So those have been the main drivers for our growth on in terms of the discord, okay, do.

Speaker  880064:00
Do you have access to what is it called nowadays? It was creator one,

Speaker  881760:00
social one?

Speaker  882480:00
No, it's a program through Tiktok where they curate creators for you. It was maybe it's called Tiktok one, and now it's called,

Speaker  885872:00
Oh God, what is it called? Creator marketplace. They basically you.

Speaker  889253:20
You basically write a script and say, How many creators you want to work with. There's two sort of you have to pick from one of two, either like you're getting videos where you want to run them on like meta or whatever, like you want full rights to the videos, and the other one is where the people just sign up and they post them on their own Tiktok account. I'm just trying to log in to tell you more specifically, because it's been a minute since I set this up myself. Um, and basically, like, I have found that the quality of the creators, like the lighting and the this and that, because you can reject videos through there too. And I think we can get, like, 30 pieces of content that way, and you can, you automatically have mass authorization for ads and this kind of thing. I'm sorry, I'm just logging in to get you the exact name. Okay, so it's not so nebulous, because they've changed the name of the program over time.

Speaker  913984:00
Okay, it's called Tiktok one. Now, that's what it's called. And it's, it's within the ads.tiktok.com, because, you know, there's a million places that you have to log in on Tiktok. Oh my gosh, sorry, it's asking for a million verification codes. Anyways, I think that the content from those type of places is more like, again, like, I'm thinking, like, if I had a really limited budget and like, had to be a little bit scrappy, I'd probably do that, because you can pretty much get, like, 95% of the contents really good, and You have rights to run ads to it and whatever. And then one thing that's working for us right now is like, when a video does get traction, and like traction being sales, rather than just views, we just basically spark it, like the individual video, rather than just through GMB Max, because GMB Max has got to go through, like, a learning period, and then it's gonna whatever, we just spark that individual video. Yep, input, spend behind it, but, but only once it's gotten traction and like proven that it can actually sell product

Speaker  938933:20
through GMB Max, or

Speaker  939850:40
just through, like, if you go into where you see the videos that you have authorization from, there's a little column that says creative boost, and you you hit set up, and then you can it allows you to selectively put Spend behind one video, rather than pull it, we run GMB Max too. I'm not saying we don't do GMB Max, but this allows you to put spend to like, we have some videos going viral right now that, like, I don't know, over the weekend, one of them made, like, $21,000 in sales for us. And so we we we put spend behind it to push it along, but just that one video, or the two videos, rather than lumping them all in the GMB Max and then giving GMB Max a budget that's going to spend it however it spends it.

Speaker  954309:20
Got it okay. Yeah, I got it right. I have another call. I started two minutes ago, but hit me up anytime. Kurt, we can chat,

Speaker  956186:40
you know, please, we'll send you some feedback requests after this. If you can please give tell us how this call went, so we can try to do this again with some other issues members are having. That'd be great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Bye.
