Matt Greene
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1680:00
Um Eugene named this presentation. But really what it is is we're going to go through our like calendar of how we launch a product on Amazon and how we use different aspects of marketing rules. So my name is Matthew green. How many of you are in MDS? If you see me in the MDS Facebook group, my name on Facebook is Matthew Vera day. It's very confusing, but that is me. Yeah, remember for two years I've made ball deodorant for your balls, number one, selling deodorant on Amazon a few times. Our two brands right now are happy nuts and happy curves. We have more coming later this year. We're bootstrapped. We have 23 team members, multi figure revenue. So we've done pretty well using these strategies. So just an agenda for the presentation, first, we're gonna, like, go over the high level strategy of, like, what we're going for. Then we're gonna go really low level and do talk about some tactics and tools to use. And lastly, we're just gonna get run through our launch timeline. So basically, our strategy is to, like, filter in momentum through the launch over, like, a period of, usually two to four months, depending what we need to get the products ranking. It's just really like, based on, on a theory that that Amazon, like, sees, you know, these products actually have momentum, pushing them, and people are buying them. And we use a lot of, like, partnerships and promotions all across everywhere. A lot of people, like, get really stuck on like, oh, I need to use Tiktok, or I need to use YouTube, or I need to use Instagram. But like, we really don't care if their audience is good, we'll use them to promote our products also. Lastly, we like, steadily build up our inventory through launch, just to show Amazon that we'll be able to continue fulfilling orders for the increased amount of demand. So our launch timeline, it's really, there's four different phases. The first phase pre launch is probably the most important, because it's your planning phase. If you fail to plan like, you're going to screw it up. And during the planning phase, we're really like sorting out all our inventory issues, doing all our creative all our creative guides for our partners, getting our listings running. And then lastly, most importantly, doing a lot of marketing outreach to anyone we can get to promote our products. Then our next phase is like our soft launch, where, technically, the products are live on Amazon, and a lot of the reason for that is just the QA our listings and any issues that come up. And also there's this issue with Amazon attribution, you can't add products to creator connections campaigns to like you have enough sales through attribution links. So that's an issue, and we just, like, start getting a few test sales, then we move to the actual launch month. And what we do is we filter in, like, a small amount of traffic at the beginning, and then later and later, we filter in bigger and bigger traffic and scale up inventory through all those phases. So like I said, planning is key. What we do, there's really two different things. We have a gone chart. Which does anyone know what a gone chart is? Have you used one? I don't ride two different ones as like the value add at the end of this, a basic one, and then, like, a more advanced one, which you guys can use to, like, make your own company launch plan that works for your products. And then we take that, and for every product launch, we use Asana. You can use clickup, but we do a whole board for what tasks are and who needs to execute them by when. So now we're gonna move to like, some tactics and tools we use. So first of all, it's really important to just organize who's promoting your products into the right like group that you're communicating with. And like most of them are on email lists that we have them segregated tier A, B and C. Tier A is like top tier people who can really drive sales. Tier B is usually people who make like good content and convert well, and tier C is basically everyone else. If you want to start doing this, I would start with just two. It gets more and more and more complicated, like we have a discord for Tiktok and things like that, but, yeah, you just need to have your communication set up right. So then we use publishers. I think it was like, super overlooked on Amazon. Publishers are really anywhere on the internet that it's like a permanent promotion. Of your product, the easiest, lowest hanging fruit is usually like, whatever your niche is, you just Google like, if you sell sunless tanner, you Google like, best sunless tanner and like, see all those sites that come up. Hit them up. You know, pay the money. Get on their list, make your product number one. And a lot of times they'll they'll also use Amazon's affiliate program, and that'll constantly drive a steady stream of sales. And then YouTube, we kind of group into this category, not YouTube shorts, but normal YouTube, because it is just permanent traffic. Then content creators and influencers. These are like, Instagram, Tiktok, YouTube, shorts. It's a really wide range of people, and we go after it. We send out a ton of free product to people just to get them to post. Some of them want payment. We'll give them payment if they're like a really good creator. When you do this, you always want to have the rights of the content so you can run it as ads. If it does well, that's like, really, where you get a boost up. So affiliates, first of all, are the little Banta people here in the room. I hope not. Okay. Oh, you are, yeah, all right. Well, yeah, anyways, Amazon, like, did this whole thing in December where, like, now you can't use both programs, which is good. They were double stacking all you. So yeah, the now you have to choose between creator connections or Labonte, and basically all the big publishers now are using creator connections because they get that overall cart commission and everything, and they don't want to just run through luvanta. So really it's turned into majority of its run through creator connections. And then there's like lavanta, Archer and wayward. Are all platforms that you can do specific deals with influencers. We use it to give like certain people more like, just higher commissions if they're not interested in Amazon attribution as much and using like the Amazon Associates Program. So that's really the use case on that our Creator connections campaigns we started. We set them up just one product per campaign. We usually limit it to 30 or 60 days, 10 to 20% commission. It depends what we have going on that month, with sales and everything. And then we use like Google Forms for instructions to get samples, links to sway files and things like that. I think the most important thing too, is, like these campaigns, if you make one, that is, you know, four months and you use too high of a commission, like, let's say you use, like a 40% commission, it is going you can't cancel them, you can't delete them, so you're just kind of screwed with that commission level for the rest of the campaign, and they can just keep making money off you. So be very careful when you're creating those, whoever's creating those needs to know that

Speaker  130368:00
and paid ads.

Speaker  131023:59
So whatever strategy you're using to run PVC and meta and all that, I would just scale it up through this. Honestly, I haven't run a ad myself. It's in, like, I don't know, three years. So I'm not an expert on that. That's another presentation, but I would just scale it, you know, do it on your launch timeline, so it makes sense. So now executing your launch, we're gonna run through some phases in detail. So the pre launch phase is really like, what makes it all happen? There's a lot to do here. I'm sure you all launch products, and know, not only do you need to get the inventory, you need to do all your imagery and renderings, make your listings look awesome. If you're doing DTC as well, you have to set all that stuff up, do all your brand and creative guides. This is really important. I see people like not putting the time in on this, and it really helps when you're doing product gifting, that the Creator knows exactly what to say about your product and like how to promote it. So you need to have all those files done. So when you're reaching out to them, they they know what to say. So we also, during this period, we do a newsletter to all those different A, B and C groups on different platforms monthly, and we'll say, like, two to three months out, we'll start peppering in, hey, we're having a product launch coming up and building a list of people who are interested. So we're like reusing people we've used before successfully to launch products. And it's kind of a snowball effect there. And of course, on the ops side, this is where you need to figure out your inventory plan, how you're going to send it in. Especially in the past year, it's been a little bit of a mess, but we usually do some. Small parcel to make sure it's in stock, and a mix of LTL as well our soft launch phase, just like I said, That's make sure everything's running super smoothly before you have the marketing partners come in. And I can't stress this enough that when you're going to use all these external partners to promote your products, and you and you're gonna say, like, oh, the soft launch was actually the real launch. And like, let's say there's an issue with your listing, they're all going to be pretty pissed off, because, like, a lot of them are professional. Have their calendar, like, post calendar scheduled way out, and it creates a bad relationship. You'll lose people. So like the point of this is to make sure everything's running smoothly before you throw all this traffic at your listings and get it going. So you got to have that page live. You just run like a minimal level of PPC. You do vine, if you decide it's a good product for Vine, you get your Amazon attribution links working. Do your teaser posts on social, even though it's live like we'll do teaser posts. And, you know, some people might find it, it really doesn't matter. And then, of course, finalize your listing, optimize it and and get that like reference price. So at launch, if you do a little sale, you can get a strike through. And of course, you'll send a little more inventory and deal with anything, any issues that are with your listing, taking it down, all kinds of stuff. Then with launch month, this is a fun part, because you publicly announce it, and because you did that soft launch, your listing is already kind of going a little so it's not like you're starting from zero here, and you're going to filter in your like C tap, like your C traffic and B traffic first. And what that allows you to do is it starts to get traction and it starts to get more reviews. So as you scale up better and better traffic, it's going to convert better and better and have a better result. And then, like, of course, at the end of this, you will, you know, send more inventory in. And it's really important those first, the C and B people, those like ones that make really good content, you take that and you can send it to all the other people in those groups. And even, like the A ones before they post, so like they they get a good vibe of, like, what's going to convert? And this is, like, the acceleration phase to keep it going. It gets a little bumpy here. But basically you have the tier a promotion people go, and then you need to start circling back and showing and getting more and more people to promote your products, and you can do that by showing the success of your original marketing pitch or push, or whatever you want to call it, and just making your creative brief better so your content gets better and better over time. And then you want to just fully ramp up your ad supporting all that. So, yeah, that's the last phase. So there's some takeaways. It's really like, the point of this is the like show Amazon, you're gonna have a steady increase supported traffic from on Amazon that wants demand for your product. And they really take that into account. It works really well. That's a branded traffic that comes through, and then, yeah, and you need to plan so you're successful. It's like, fail to plan, plan to fail. So don't do that, classifying your traffic, so you can raise levels of awareness as you need to with different groups of people. And just plan, so it's like, effectively increases your momentum. And lastly, just having your inventory plan sorted out is super important. By bonus value add. I don't know where I think it's going to be included in your app with the presentation, but there'll be two gone charts. One's like a simple version with, like a three stage that you could take, if you're new to this and just starting to work with marketing partners. The second one is, like the a more advanced one that, like we use, that you can take and customize for your business. Yeah. So think any questions you can take that's Career

Speaker  232037:20
Connections. Are you taking anybody?

Speaker  234549:20
Yeah, I feel like that's how you have to start, but you will find good people who use it all the time, and at this point, like all the larger publishers and and creators, they're they're pretty familiar with it, if they're actively like promoting Amazon type of products, yeah, but you just got to start, and it's kind of a snowball. Effect, like the first month, you might only find like two or three good people. So then the next month, you know, you can find a few more. But then you keep working with them. So over a few months now you have like 2030, solid converting creators. That solid go by them. Yeah. So it depends on the platform, but like on YouTube, yeah, usually you can, I think we can message them on YouTube. So yeah, you can, usually on YouTube. YouTubers are like, pretty public that you can find their other social profiles, and a lot of times we end up going through Instagram for most of them, but yeah, they're usually fairly easy to find, or you can find them on Facebook. You usually know their real name too.

Speaker  255402:40
Yeah, the question about the anchor price at launch and then buying we found that if it's a high price item, buying people don't want to buy it. So how do you sort of work within you want to set your hike price, but then you also want to make it attractive

Speaker  259280:00
to buying people. Yeah, like at the soft launch part, you're not, like, putting promotion behind it yet and just getting a few sales. So, like, you just need a handful of sales to get that like strike through price, and then when you set like your launch sale, you'll have the strike for you. Is that what you're Yeah, do you still lower for a

Speaker  264277:20
short period time while you're doing the buying program?

Speaker  265589:20
Or do you keep your strike price for buying

Speaker  266613:20
through like, the soft launch phase, we do the full price and then, like at launch, usually, we do a sale for the whole first month.

Speaker  269002:40
For your emails, when you send the email out, are you driving all the traffic just to Amazon, or do you get launched between your website? Yeah,

Speaker  271178:40
yeah. We just give people choice, like they'll buy where they want to. So doesn't really matter to us. Yeah, applause.
