Mogul Call with Nomadz
Date: March 06, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Coming on. So what's made you choose this topic?

Speaker  1648:00
Hey? Well, first of all, Jamie, congratulation on your son. I heard that you got a new baby so, but yeah, so we decided to discuss about this because I spoke with the many sellers. I have a lot of calls with MDS sellers and sellers in general. And sometimes there is this, they don't know what to do in terms of, should I bring the PPC in house, or should I use an agency? And sometimes I feel like they don't know how to pick the right agency, or they don't know the question to ask to the right agency. Or do they know where to start when they need to hire someone in house, or when they need to keep someone accountable? Because when you hire someone in house, I like the phrase the company you build is the team you build. So you must make sure you find the right team members. So always start on how to find the right team members. So, so, so I said, Okay, let me create a presentation where we can go through all of these and that the community to take the right decision and take some actionable steps.

Speaker  16992:00
Great, thanks. I know it's something that in my company, we've struggled with. We've gone through a few agency as well, and we've also gone through a few team members as well. So we're now doing in house. But yeah, it's Yeah, PPC is super, super, super important, especially for a business like mine, where 99% of our sales on Amazon, and about half of them are coming from PPC,

Speaker  22165:20
correct. Yeah. And you like PPC, I guess, Jamie, you told me you're playing with scaling sites, so you like to play around with PPC.

Speaker  24437:20
So I like to see the top level. I don't like to get super involved in the rules and stuff, but it's kind of essential really. You can't really avoid it, particularly in my categories where the margins are a bit tight, I have to have everything. Have to have everything dialed in. Yeah, right. I think someone's shared by accident. Do you want to reach, you know, retake the screen so, honey, yes. I guess maybe Brynn shared by accident. Yeah,

Speaker  32186:40
we're checking some password, okay,

Speaker  33344:00
but I lost past user.

Speaker  34319:59
Okay, so you should be able to see my screen Correct. Yeah, okay, so I guess Jamie, can you confirm it here 40 minutes from now and then, 20 minutes Yeah,

Speaker  37440:00
and then yeah. So it'll be well, we've got 53 minutes now. So if your presentation can be 40 minutes, that's fine. Okay,

Speaker  39733:20
super amazing. I have 50 slides to go over, so I will do my best to so can you see my screen? I will, yeah, got it? Okay, amazing. So again, Jamie, thank you so much for introducing me. I'm Stefano. I'm the CEO at dramats, and in the next 40 minutes, I want to give as much value as possible regarding this topic. Is a topic that I really care, because I spoke with so many sellers, as I said before, and my main goal with this presentation is is to help you make a clear, strategic choice between an agency or in house for Amazon PPC management, and for each decision, I want to give you actionable next steps that you can take to this goal. So first of all, we are going to discuss more about the strategic point side of view of agency or managing the PPC in house. And then I will go more tactical, and I will also help you with some additional resources that you can use on a question to ask to PPC agency, the highly workflow and many other templates that we use in house. So before starting, who am I and who were we in? So we are nomads. We are an Amazon advertising company. We manage over one $20 million in amazon admin for our customer, we work across all the different niches on Amazon. I really enjoy PPC. I really like PPC. I started four years ago, and right now, we have a team of more than 50 team members all over the world. And most importantly, we are an MDS partner. So I really care about our reputation. I want to make sure we are delivering the best results for our customer, and that we give them the best solution based on what they need. If they want an agency, we provide an agency instead. If they want to keep the PPC in house, or they want to bring the PPC in house, we add them to do that. And now I want to come back to this question, which is agency or in house for Amazon PPC management, and when I say agency, I mean outsourcing the PPC to a third party, like nomads. Or when, and when I say in house, I mean managing the PPC yourself or with a software or leveraging a team member to manage the PPC for you. And after speaking with so many sellers, I truly believe, and this is something that I truly believe, that it depends on you and depends on you as a business owner, depends on you because depends on your capacity, depends on the state, on the on where you are right now, on your Amazon business and I because both agency and in house PPC management have advantages and disadvantages. Maybe. Mean you know that you have a PPC Manager in house, you must make sure you keep them, you don't lose this person. So you must make sure that they are happy on what they are currently doing. And if you're using an agency, you have other disadvantages. Maybe there is an execution gap, so you must keep you must check what they're actually doing. But there are some advantages, because it's hands off, and there are many other things that you can benefit from an agency. And right now, I want to analyze different factors on when you can decide between an agency or in house for Amazon, PPC. And these factors are capacity, interest in PPC, management style, cost structure, performance and risk. So I truly believe that if you're part of MDS, I don't think you should manage the PPC yourself. I truly believe you should have someone managing the PPC for you, or you should have an agency doing on your behalf. Because if you are part of MDS, most likely you have already product market fit. You're already doing lots of stuff in your business, and you are constrained by your time, so there is always this cost opportunity of you doing PPC or someone else doing PPC for you, because if you spend already, like, two hours a day on PPC, that is an amount of time that you could allocate in other part of the business. So for me, doing PPC for yourself doesn't make sense if you're part of MDS. So what? What I would suggest if you're in this situation, and if you're still managing BPC yourself, and if you have obviously the budget to do is to hire an agency to do it for you, or decide to work with someone in house, could be an employee or a contractors to do it on your behalf, so you can focus on higher leverage activity, like finding your products, making sure supply chain is good, and all the other fun part of the Amazon business. And instead, if you decide to to work with an agency, the the cool part of working with an agency is that is a plug and play. You can start working with an agency. Obviously, here I'm talking about finding the right agency, and we will see in a second, how can you find the right one. But the cool part about an agency is that you don't need the extra capacity. You will just need to jump on a weekly call, or now bi weekly call with them, and they will take care of everything. You don't need to be interested about PPC, since they will take care of the PPC side is more hands off, so you can focus on other parts of the business. And I think that an agency is a lower risk. So since they already done the PPC side for many other brands, is a lower risk for you, because you know that they will enter, like, let's say, our agency, they will enter, they will apply proven processes in your account, and we also have a team that is specialized on Amazon PPC so we know exactly what to do in your account. And if there is any problem, we have a team of experts to help us to fix these problems. But instead,

Speaker  126346:40
okay, I'm just interested to see on the call who is managing a PPC themselves, who is has an agency, and who has in house? So if you guys just answer one, two or three in the chat, one, if you're doing a PPC yourself, two, if you are using an agency, or three, if you have

Speaker  131584:00
employees managing it.

Speaker  132608:00
Oh, mighty only three. We've got a few ones in here. That's good. Okay, always

Speaker  134101:20
going to get the ones on

Speaker  134421:20
the PPC calls, yeah. See freeze, yeah. Looks like a pretty even split. But yeah, everyone else, let us know what you're doing. Alright, keep going, Simon, and we'll see what that comes out.

Speaker  137221:20
Okay, so I see some people that I know, so that's good. So for here I said in house instead that you want to keep the PPC in house if you want to have full control, if you like PPC, and you know what you're doing, you you and here what I would suggest you want to keep it in house. For example, if I was selling again on Amazon, for sure, I will keep the PPC in house because I have the knowledge. I'm willing to take the execution risk of hiring someone, retain them and train them. So I'm willing to take that risk, because I know that. I know PPC, and I'm willing to take the risk. Obviously performance really depends on the team skills and the ongoing training, so that is something that I must make sure that I keep, keep doing. But that is why you defining what you want to do if you want to work with an agency or an in house really depends on you, really depends on what you want to achieve as a business owner. And to explain these two different scenarios, I want to share with you two different clients that we are working with that are very different, but this explain why I think this depends on you as a business owner. And here the first one is Dor. Dor from an advisor. Dor is a MDS member, and the door runs a successful a greater business. He's very nice, so if you have a chance speak with him. He was using Perpetua for his PPC, but he didn't feel in control about his Amazon advertising campaigns, so he decided to work with us to to with our coaching program to build the app. Proven Amazon PPC department inside this company. So what we did, we enter in this company, and we move away from Perpetua, and we set up scaling sites together, and we set up all the other processes and all other recipes that you need to optimize your PPC included our software that we created in house. And the results were amazing, because he was able to keep control over his ad performance. He was able to improve performance across all all his brands, in terms of tacos and the one here we have one of his brand that where the sales double from 4 million to 8 million, and he was able to double his profit while keeping the PPC. How

Speaker  169893:20
bad was how bad was the PPC before you took before you took

Speaker  171050:40
it. I mean, perpetu is always a bad one. So I we never, I to be honest, I don't like much Perpetua and other software, but, but, yeah, the problem with this account. There were multiple ad groups, there were lots of keywords, and there were a lot of things you can do. And, I mean, we see this in a lot of accounts. So, so, yeah, so I will say, like there were quite a few. And the cool part about this brand that he had multiple brands, so we were able to apply this knowledge across five different brands and improve the performance across all of them, which is amazing, but this is a side, yeah, yeah. So, so this, this is incredible, and this is a great example of someone who must keep the PPC now, because for an aggregator, for example, is such an important point. And when, if now you he can leverage this knowledge to buy other products, to buy other, to buy to buy the to buy the other, other aggregate brands. But on the other side, I want to share the story of Ryan. Ryan from kamfo. Ryan founded two different companies before his Amazon journey, and he didn't wanted to ask so, like he did in the past, and he values the freedom, he cares more about the results. He doesn't want to go too deep about the PPC side. So and he was searching for a partner who can who could manage the PPC for him. So he just wanted to find someone who can manage BBC for him. So he decided to work with nomads three years ago so that can give him back time so he can focus on what he thinks is the most important task, which is optimizing, not optimizing, improving the vendor relationship and investing time with his family. So and the results, even here, like were amazing, because he was able to grow his eight fuel brand in one year, and he was able to grow the sales by 20% year over year. And he did,

Speaker  199861:20
when you when you say, when you took over, did before you did he have another agency, or did he have team working on it? Or was

Speaker  201461:20
he doing himself? He

Speaker  201925:20
was doing that himself, yeah, yeah. So he was able to step back, do other stuff, focus on the client relationship, because he's working with a big brand, and so he doesn't need to worry about the PPC side. Obviously, he's keeping us accountable on the performance. But overall, performance were really good. We were able to grow from 10 million to 30 million, and we were able to double the profits. And so these are two different scenarios on what is the best option for you, and truly believe that it depends, again, on you as a business owner and the agency could be like a short term solution. And then you say, okay, agency, I will leverage an agency for the next six months, and then I will bring it in house that could be a solution for you. Or you say, No, I want to bring it in house. So you go and take that execution risk of hiring someone in house. And I want to stop here for a second, since this is the more strategic side of, side of side of side of things, and I will go more tactical right now with what you can do if you choose an agency or if you go in house. I don't know if any in the anyone in the chat, in the chat has some question to ask about this topic, mainly, how to choose between the two?

Speaker  222426:40
Yeah, so I'll ask a question, and then anyone else in the chat can ask a question. So you have using an agency as lower risk, yeah, whereas I've always found that potentially agencies are quite high risk, because even if somebody else has had a good experience of an agency, you don't necessarily know exactly who's going to be working on your account. And if you have someone good, they might leave. So I've kind of always regarded agencies as potentially riskier. Obviously, employees leave as well. But what would you say about the relative risks? In more detail,

Speaker  233253:20
I see like, again, I'm biased, because I have an agency, and I think like, we have a great agency, but in the end, you're not working with only one person. Okay, the account manager, most of the time, is your main point of contact, but an agency in the end is a group of people, and is a group of people with with knowledge that they can apply your account. So let's say, Jamie, you start working with us. There will be five people in your account, looking your account, making sure we're going the right direction. Making sure we achieve the KPIs you want us to achieve. So that is what I think. And if you have a problem with account manager, and you can what I once suggested I have later on is that you can tell to the business owner or to the whoever is the in charge of the account that you're not happy with the results. And if he's a great agency, they will take action. So if at times, if one of our customers telling us, guys, I'm not happy with the results, there will be like a team there, ready to fix the account, ready to make changes in the account, I will be there. The operation manager will be there. The team leader will be there. So I see as a lower risk, because you have a team of experts ready to help if you find the right agents again here, I'm always talking about the right agency. And I want to explain with a customer who, who before was managing the PPC in house, with the PPC Manager and performance were, were okay, but the prominent what is the problem today? The guy was not an expert. So you you take a risk, because he took a risk, and when we took over, like performance now are amazing. I'm talking about Justin born, and so I truly believe that depends, depends on what to do. And again, there is more execution risk on the hiring team members, because you need to find the right team member. You need to keep them accountable, and you need to take more action on your side, compared to an agency. All right,

Speaker  263045:20
let's go. Let's go into the next section. Let's

Speaker  263653:20
go. Okay, so let's say that you want to work with an agency. So the question right now, like, because I agree with you, Jamie, like, if you work, if you work with the right agency, that could be a game changer for for you, but the wrong one could be a nightmare. I spoke with many agents, many, many business owners who came from other agencies, and they were a big problems, but the right one could be a game changer. And I'm proud to say that some of our clients, they've seen amazing results, so I'm happy for it and and I want to recap quickly, what are the advantages and some possible disadvantages for an agency. So the advantages that you don't need to hire and train anyone is more hands off, and you can expect faster results compared to an in now in house. And the the disadvantages of this that we have a lack of transparency, you could have a lack of transparency so you don't know what what the agency is doing the account. You could have a risk of execution gaps. You don't know if they're actually taking action. You tell them, hey, we need to launch this product in two weeks, and they don't create any campaigns. Or they have you have a communication issue, so they don't tell you what's happening. Or you ask them a question and then to answer in like, two three days. Well, if you have someone in house, most likely they will answer very fast. And finally, as you say, Jamie, like you could have some junior people inside the account that could, could make a big mess in the account. And I want to go through in the next slides, how can you mitigate the disadvantages, and to mitigate the disadvantages, I truly believe that you should explore your option first. So you speak with multiple agencies to see what is okay, what is good, what is great. And you need to identify Okay, which one you need to speak with multiple agencies so you can see which one you like the most and which one you don't like. We always like to give value before starting working with a customer. So we want to be transparent with them, and we want to tell them what we think they could do better in their account, and we connect our software to their account to show them what we could do better as an agency. And so that is what, to be honest, I would like to see during, let's say, a sales process, so during when you discover new agencies. And the second point for me is like you get what you pay for. Like I spoke with many, many sellers that they they've been with other agency, and the main, main thing is, yeah, they had the lowest price. You cannot think only about ice for an agency, because when you manage PPC, the ROI is huge, like, as you know, if you start to spend quite a lot, if you start to scale your account, managing the PPC correctly is very important. The more you spend, the more important it is. Obviously, price must be a consideration in when choosing an agency, but don't use that as the only thing that you're evaluating agency for. And finally, again here, I'm a bit biased. I have an Amazon advertising company, but I truly believe that if your Amazon ad spend is above $20 a month, you should choose an Amazon advertising only agency. And I want to say that because I've been doing PPC for the past four years, and we decided that as a company to do not to do any Google ads, do not do any Walmart ads, do not do any brand management, but to just do Amazon advertising, because I truly believe that focus equal, equal mastery. And we will come back later on, if you have someone in house and but BBC, as we said before, can drive from 40 to 70% of says. So I believe that deep, deep expertise matters. And there are other things that are very important when you. Do only one thing that you can add up very fast. Like we are an agency, we have 70 plus clients. We can see what's happening in different clients. We keep testing new things so we can keep updating your your account, and we have deep insights. We have our in house software that we can do advanced analysis so we can see what's working or not. And a few tips, a few questions that if you decide to work with an agency, these are some questions I think you should ask them. And for me, the main one is the is like to read the reviews of their customer, call their customer, ask for referrals, speak with them, ask them, Why did you Why are you working with nomads? Why are you working with this agency? Why? Why are you? Why are you investing with them? So you want to understand why customer likes working with them, and ask them which kind of transparency. For example, for our customer, we give them access to everything. We give them access to scaling sites for free. We give them access to our software for for a full for insights. We give them access to data dial for the for ranking. So we are very transparent, because we want to show to the customer what we are doing. And one of the last thing that I will say, like you want to ask them, for how long are they doing this? So you understand, okay, is this I can? Can I trust this agency? Yes or not. So this is our these are some questions. We have to go through all of them, but you will get access to this line. So you can get access to all these questions. And a few tips from my side, after working with quite, quite a few clients, is that if you work with an agency, you must keep them accountable. So I will suggest, what I will suggest, a weekly call with, with the agency, and by weekly later on, a month later on, when you trust them, but give and give them clear KPIs. I would like to achieve these goals. I would like to achieve with this target takers, and measure them based on these goals, and ask them for transparency, tell them, tell them. Ask them, What. What are you doing the account, why are you doing that? And if you have any concern, if you are afraid of something, tell them. That is what I want to say the most. Like, if you have any concern, and if you think you found a good agency, tell them the problem. Because as an agency owner, if you come to me and you say, Hey, stay I don't like what's happening in the account, I will do whatever it takes to to make sure you're happy. So that is what I want to say on the agency side. So these were a few things on agency side. I want to jump on the in house. So let's, let's go on the in house. And this is a big one. I I had a period where I was thinking that everyone should have the PPC in house. Then I had a period where I was thinking maybe not, maybe everyone should have the agency. So I was not sure which direction you should choose. But let's say you want to have the PPC in house and and the you so you want to have full control you have. You want to have a team in house, and you want to take this execution risk of hiring and retaining these top talents. One thing I won't say that is the same, the right PPC Manager could be a game changer for you, because could save you time. Could save you, could give you clear updates on the PPC side, but the wrong one could be a nightmare. I spoke with so many people that hire the wrong one or not the right one, not the best one, and they were not satisfied with that. So I want to emphasize again this phrase that I said the beginning, which is the team you build, is the company you build when you hire someone in house, or when you are your contractor, you're not just hiring a PPC manage to do the job. You're also hiring someone that is working with the other team members in the company. So you must make sure you find the right team members. I love this phrase from Ray doffman, and let's recap again. What are the advantages and disadvantages of the in house PPC management, and I will try to help you to mitigate the disadvantages. So some advantages is that you have full control. You could could be cost saving long term. So if you have the PPC in house, could be cost saving, cost saving long term. You have all the knowledge now. You have the focus, so you have the control. That is the biggest thing. What are some disadvantages that you need to source and hire these people? You need to train them. You need to keep them accountable. You You must retain them. Because if an agency like us pitch your or pitch your PBC manager, or any other agency is uh, is fighting for talents, in the end, will pitch your PBC manager, you must make sure they don't leave after there is a cultural fit. So you must make sure they integrate in your company, and finally, there is no support when things go wrong. In the end, it's just you and your PPC Manager. I want to give you some tactical things on how you can mitigate these advantages. So for most sellers, I work with sellers that are doing from 1 million to 100 million plus, and I truly believe for most sellers, just a PPC Manager is is enough you do like depends also always on the structure of the company, how many brands you have, how many marketplaces and but for most of you, I truly believe that a PPC Manager is enough. And if you want to leverage more the PPC Manager, I will suggest to hire a PPC assistant that could be like a VA who is doing like. Or a bulk action, a change campaign names. But for most of you, PPC Manager is enough, and if you have a more complex structure, more than happy to speak with you. But overall, I feel like the best structure is as a PPC Manager and evaluate the the time constraint of this PPC Manager, but first, always maximize the PPC Manager that you hire. Do not hire like a free PPC Manager, then you don't know what to do. And so that is what I will suggest. And I want to say the best PPC Manager will surprise you. When I hired like a top players, you will see that they will always surprise you. And one thing when you hire PPC managers is that you always need to start by understanding what you're looking for. For that reason, we will share with you the scorecard that we use when we hire PPC Manager. So inside this template, you can see, what are the what are the skills, what are the what are you looking for in a PPC PPC Manager. So we will give you access to this template. Here, there will be a link to a template that you can check later on. And you want to use this scorecard to analyze if you're speaking with the right person. So you are more as you are, so you are not biased when you jump on a call you want to be as you

Speaker  420240:00
want to be, sure you are finding the right person. And once you find the right person, you want to understand, okay, what is good, what is great. So there are different level of PPC Manager. I spoke with so many PPC Manager. I had so many interviews, so I noticed there is, there are different levels. And I like to grade even my team members across all these level if you are part of MDS, I believe that you are a level five. You can identify the right problem and get this solved, because you were able to build a business and build it to a certain size that you are here. But when you when you speak with people, when you speak with PPC Manager, you will say there are different levels. And I truly believe that this graph, this this triangle, is very useful to identify which level it is each PPC Manager. And I will give you, in a second, the question you can ask 25 under which level is which PPC Manager? So for a PPC Manager, I truly believe you must find someone who can think, who can think with number. I saw so many times that people are hiring PPC Manager. They they are waiting for the business owner to tell them what to do. You don't want that. You want a PPC Manager who can brainstorm with you, who can tell you, Hey, I think we can do that or that. So what you should aim for is a level three or a level four PPC Manager. So I will say a problem solver or a system thinker. And if you can a superstar, but superstar are quite challenging to find, and most of the time you need to pay more. And I will say that for a good PBC manager depends on the area, but I think Europe is a really nice place to find BBC manager. And so I would and how much you should pay them depends, but start from a minimum of 2000 and Google up to 5000 or even more. Here I'm talking about Europe a USD dollar as a contractor. So let's define how can we, how can we remove the level one and level two? And the first thing you want to do, you want to identify that effects. You want to jump on the call. And you want to, I always do this process. I jump on the call, quick presentation. I asked them for a presentation, and they go through this question for each of the professional experience. So what did you do? Why did you leave that position? And when I speak with your previous CEO or manager, how can I ask how they would rate him from one to 10? So I want to identify the facts. I want to see, okay, why these guys want to join our company? And I want to see if it's a level one or level two. If it's a level one level two, I will stop as fast as possible. If I say, okay, there is potential. Here I will go with some technical question. Maybe in another call. I prefer to have multiple calls, so I'm not biased to have only one call. Again. Here we have a process in house, but since you need just you just need the one PPC Manager, you can do it yourself. I feel like it's very important you do it yourself so you can see what is good, what is great, and what is amazing. And here are some PPC question you can ask. What you're looking for is not the best answer. That is what I want to say, like no one answered me correctly on this question most of the time. But what I'm looking for I'm looking someone who is not following the SOP. I don't want someone who is telling me I'm doing that because I watch this YouTube video, or because I'm following this SOP, I want someone who is explaining me the logic behind I want someone who is understanding the full picture of PPC, and once I find this person, I want to evaluate with some with with a test. Here we have a test that you will get access assets after the call where you can evaluate their skills. You can give them a test, and you can evaluate how they're doing. And again, what you want here, you want someone who, I like to say, Who is giving a shit about your account, because in the end, they're going to manage your your budget. You must find someone who's proactive, who who give a shit and who can answer technical question and. A has a brain, let's say like easily, can think properly. Is

Speaker  480784:00
that? Is that a PPC specific test, or is it an overall intelligence test? Correct? Yeah,

Speaker  481920:00
I cannot. Let me see if I can.

Speaker  483008:00
I was not able to.

Speaker  483760:00
I don't know. Can you see it or? No, I'm not sharing in a moment.

Speaker  486112:00
I And I sometimes just open up. I used to just, sometimes, just open up a campaign on campaign manager and just have them set have them ask me questions or tell me what they would do

Speaker  489157:20
that is a good one. That is a good one. So that could be another one. We like to give them a test, because we cannot give them access to clients account, obviously. But if you in that, your situation could be a solution. So to give them asset to your account and to ask for an audit of the account, that could be the best way. Let me come back on the presentation. And yes. So here you will see is a Google Doc with a lot of explanation. Let me see if it's working.

Speaker  498240:00
Okay, it's not working for some reason.

Speaker  499088:00
Can you just put a link in the chat that we can use? Or do you want us to add it to the notes when we put

Speaker  500144:00
the recording up? Yeah, on the notes after would be amazing. Okay, cool. Great. If you email

Speaker  501344:00
that over. I can add it to the recording, yeah, let me go back.

Speaker  503829:20
Okay, I still have 10 minutes. I see,

Speaker  504933:20
still have a lot of thing to go over, but we can do it. Okay, what I do?

Speaker  508314:40
Okay, can you see again, my screen

Speaker  509130:40
just loading now?

Speaker  510266:40
Can you see it now?

Speaker  510794:40
Yeah, got it, yeah, a specific Amazon PPC test to be really useful. Correct,

Speaker  512138:40
yes. This is a specific PPC test. There will be a full document where that you can read, and you will get us also to the scorecard on how you can evaluate them. But, and the last thing I want to share is that you want to, if you want to find the level four or level five, so people who can, who can system, a thinker or superstar, what you want to do? You want to ask them business questions. My favorite question by far is, if you were the CEO of your previous company, what would you have done differently so you can see if they see the bottleneck of the business, and if they're able to define this bottleneck, and if they're able to fix the bottleneck, another thing that I really like to see is that, are they working hard? Like for PPC, manager, you don't want someone who is you want someone who is angry. You want someone who is working quite a lot, because there is always a lot to do and there is always something to learn. And so what I really care here is that I want someone who is taking Extreme Ownership. I want someone who really cares about my budget and wants to do the best for my Amazon PPC so my, my, the end question I'm asking myself is, do they care? Do they care about my Amazon PPC advertising and so, so now with all this question, you should be able to, you should be able to find a PPC Manager, or you should have a better idea on how to find a PPC Manager. And right now we have a PPC Manager in our company, and we need to do the onboarding. I will not be able to go through all these steps when you onboard someone, but the but a few things that you must do if you have a PPC Manager now that I think are very valuable, the first one you want to set with them some KPIs and goals to achieve what we do for our customer, and what we do also in our coaching program is that we help our customer and the PPC Manager to set to some clear targets on a parenthesis in level, for example. For this supplements brand, we have a target tacos on a parenthesis level, for example. For the best sellers, we want to aim for profitability. So our target tacos is 15% for some others, we want to scale so the target tacos is 40 to 50% in this case, we don't have you can. You can add these in the short name in scaling sites is a bit more technical, not that much. But this will let the PPC Manager to enter in the scaling size dashboard in this case and quickly understand if he's achieving his goal or not. Because in this case, I can quickly say to my to the PPC Manager, hey, for the third product, we are not spending enough. We can spend more. We should spend more. We have the budget to spend more. And in this case, we don't care much about the ACOs, since these are more supplements brand, and we care more about the overall takers of the account. So that this is the first thing I will suggest to do if you, if you have a PPC Manager in house, the second thing is to keep them accountable. I cannot. I've seen this happening many times where you have a PPC Manager and you expect them to do everything. Only if you have a level five PPC Manager, they will take care of everything. But most of the time, for most of your people, they are not you're not keeping them accountable enough. And so. What we always suggest to do for our customer, for our coaching program, is to have two calls a performance goal on Tuesday, where you go through the performance of the account, and you go through the tasks that are going to take that week. And we use Asana as a, as a, as a project, and we have different columns to see, okay, what are you doing this week? What are the ongoing tasks? What are the completed tasks, and so on. And on Friday, we check if they took action on what they said they will do. I must keep my team member accountable. And we will share with you also the structure of these calls so you can copy in your in your business later on. And we will share this the slide so you can see how we structure this roadmap on Asana, and you can do the same on notion, click up and so on. One last thing, another thing I want to say that that I usually ask, if I speaking with a seller who has already a PPC major in house, is knowing what you know today, would you hire this person again? So this is a very powerful question that I stole from a book that I'm reading this, which is, which is helping you to understand, do I really like this person? And if you're honest with you, and if the answer is not a hell yes, you should consider to take some action on that. So knowing what I know today, and you can ask this question, after 30 days with working with anyone, would I hire this person again? And if you are doubting, what I would suggest to do is to take some action, which doesn't mean that you should let let this person go, but you should take some you should tell them what you think and why you think they're not in. They're not doing very well. But this question, I use it a lot after hiring so many people, because it's helping me to keep the standard very high for my team, and they will suggest to you to do the same, a few other things that I would suggest to do if think go wrong. So let's say the PPC performance start to go down. And that is the issue that we have. When we have the PPC in house, we don't have many people looking at account. So there is you and the PPC Manager and maybe a few other people, but the PPC Manager is the only one really expert on the PPC side, because you, as a business owner, you're doing a lot of things. So what do you do if things go wrong? So here we have our five step formula to identify to solve this issue. So first of all, I wanted to identify what is causing the problem. It's very important that you stop for a second, and instead of going inside the advertising console and make changes since the beginning, you won't analyze the data first. You won't analyze data. Dial for the ranking. You want to analyze the scaling sites for the PPC conversion rate and PPC, CPC, and you won't analyze the market. What's happening in the market? RSA is decreasing because the market is over, the overall market is decreasing, or because our market share is decreasing, which these are two different things. So it's very important that you step back and you analyze the problem first, and do not take action without analyzing the problem. The second step is to decide what are the action plans we're going to take based on the problem. For example, if I say that the ranking is decreasing for a specific keyword. What can we do most of the time? SPX, act or run, yes or improve the offer is the best one. But if CPC is the problem, you can go and see, okay, what is the parenthesis with the problem? So let's identify the problem. It's not that the CPC increase overall, most of the time is just a parenthesis. And so check the targets and check the products that are that are overspending, and adjust the bit with scaling sites or manually. So it's very important that you identify the problem first. I always say to the our team, we find problem, we fix the problem. We find opportunities. We double down on the opportunities. That is our job as a PPC Manager. That is what we do every single day. We find problem and we fix problem. We find opportunity with double download. I know we're close to the end, Jimmy. And there are a few other steps after you won't set some clear due data for this task. You can use the the asana board I showed you before, and you can do some optional things that you to explain why we need to solve it, why this is a problem, why we need to solve it. That is a more mindset, and you want to identify what is stopping us from executing this. And this is what we do on the coaching program. We help you to fix to find the problem and fix the problem together. And I think I have one last thing to share, which is I truly believe that if you have a PPC Manager in house, you must keep training them, because Amazon advertising is evolving. One of our core value is never stop learning. And you can do that by keep giving them ideas with long videos from your side, I'm working with a seller who is doing more than $100 million a year in total. Says he's not managing PPC. He has a team of five PPC Manager, and he's keep giving feedback to the PVC manager on what they could do better or what we could experience. So that is very important. Another thing that we like to do is to have a in our board on Asana, an ideas column, but you can share and think about new ideas you can test in the account. And also, I will say, like give the freedom to the team. To test new things. It's very important you let them make mistakes and so they can learn from them and and, yes, a few other things that you can do to help them to train. So you can give them access to the MDS webinar is pop if, if possible, you can pay them for webinars or courses. And the one thing that we always do, we give them a recommendation for books to up skills and to be more productive. And obviously we have our coaching program to help them as much as possible. So I went very tactical. And there will be lots of resources that you can download both of all the agencies. So assessing a PPC agency, or if you want to have a PPC Manager in house, and that was the presentation, I really hope was a bit useful from the strategic side of point of view. So to decide if you want to use an agency or coaching, great, but yes, so thank you so much. I don't know how long was it, so 45

Speaker  654554:40
cool. Do you guys want to you can put your hands up if you've got a question, or you can put it in the chat box. So first question I've got is my PPC. Amazon PPC skill level is maybe a four out of five, which means that I can just about manage somebody myself. If somebody was maybe like a two out of 10, like they didn't really know much about what was going on with Amazon PPC, how would that affect whether they would choose an agency

Speaker  662677:20
or a or an employee?

Speaker  663461:20
That's a good question. So So to recap, the business owner doesn't know much about PPC, but he has a PPC Manager in house, correct? Jimmy. So they already have a PPC Manager in house, or they want to bring it in house.

Speaker  667013:20
Well, let's say they've just that. Let's say either, you know, either they're either they've just let their agency go, or an employee's moved though they they're not sure what to do next. Today, they don't have anything.

Speaker  670954:40
Okay, they don't have anything. And they they okay. So depends, again, depends on the business owner. So here I will say, if you don't know much about PPC and you're not interested about learning more about PPC, again, you can have some. You could say PP is very important. You should learn. Should learn it. Yes, I agree with you, but some people don't want to learn it. They want to focus more on product development. You should I will suggest that maybe a finding a good agency and working with them could be very beneficial. But if you feel like, okay, no, I really want to have control over my PPC, I don't want to use an agency. You had bad experience with agencies. Don't use an agency. Find someone in house, but you need to upskill yourself. And to upskill yourself one one suggestion there is, speak with as many PPC Manager as possible. You must learn from them. So a cool part when you speak with lots of people is that you can learn from them. If you keep asking them question, you understand, okay, what is a good question, what is a wrong what is a good answer, what is a bad answer? So you can learn during the interview process and do PPC yourself. Like I also just share like, watch some videos. Understand more about this. Speak with your friends on how they manage the PPC. But if you want to bring it in house, I truly believe that you you should know what's happening on the PPC side. You cannot expect that you hire someone and they do everything for you without training them. Is

Speaker  691872:00
for me? Yeah, I think it probably is potentially dangerous to have no idea about Amazon PPC if you are running a business, that is where most of your sales are coming on Amazon, because you will have time in between employees. And it's different. It's difficult to even stay on top of an agency, really, if you have, like, zero clue, yeah, good idea to try and stay up to date with at least the basics.

Speaker  698389:20
Yeah, I think you should be good enough to be dangerous. That is what I like to say. Like you should be good enough to enter an account and know what to do and how to find the problems and fix the problem if you want to.

Speaker  701914:40
So what do you think of Eastern Europe versus Pakistan versus Philippines, or

Speaker  704298:40
PPC managers.

Speaker  704848:00
So I truly believe Italians are all over the world. One of my best person is in the Philippines. And so I truly believe that, like that guy is really amazing. We have been working together for four years right now, and he so I truly believe that talents are all over the world, but it's more challenging in terms of cultural side, I will say on the on Asia. So I can say that I feel like Europe is a really good place to find talents. Like, right now we are focusing mainly on hiring in Europe, and us is quite expensive, as you all know, in Canada as well. Like, we hire someone in Canada, but to be honest, like talents are all over the world the five year, if you are looking in Asia, you must. You need to have way more interviews compared to Europe to find the level three, level four or level five. And most of the time in Asia, I will say you need to in. Best a lot in training. But again, there are talents all over the world. Like I spoke with amazing people all over the world. But overall, I feel like you need more reps in Asia to find the really good ones. Also, because there are many like it's amazing that they can, they can, even if they are in a challenging position, they can still do so well, which is amazing to see. I would love to see more Italian for example, but I don't find many Italians, to be honest with you.

Speaker  727365:20
So obviously, you're managing yourself quite a quite a big team dispersed all over the world. What sort of approaches are using to management and what sort of books have you found useful?

Speaker  731642:40
So to managing people, I would say like you must start by finding the right people. So everything started by finding the right people. When you have the right people, everything else will be easier. But if you are, if you are, either person will be a nightmare. And we are a remote company first, so we meet throughout a year. So we, we really care about meeting, and in

Speaker  737216:00
terms of So, so you're all meeting together in person once a year, yeah.

Speaker  738240:00
So we try to meet at least, like, around 20 to 30 people to meet in the marketplace. For example, we meet in Malaga in one month. And so that is what we will do. And we try to have fun together. But yes, overall, like, I feel like trust but verify that is a big one for me. Like, trust them, but verify them. Like, even if you are a PPC Manager in house, you obviously trust them, but time to time is worth to go inside the identity console and see what's happening. Same for the agency, you know you trust them, but go inside and step and check what's happening. So that is a big one for me. In terms of book, I'm a big fan of books. I really attractions, where attraction multiple times, but it's more about how to manage the overall company. And so yeah, that is one of the could suggest,

Speaker  750570:40
I think attraction, are you going in for everything they recommend, like no quarterly meetings, one to ones, or do you find that it's a bit too much and you and it's better to do a bit

Speaker  752912:00
less is too much. I feel like it's too much and it's a bit outdated. Is a bit more for I don't know if you feel the same Jamie like, but I feel as a bit outdated, and is not really, is a is really good for understanding the overall logic on what you want to do. So, for example, to have Okay, to have, like, a clear goals and to communicate with with the team. But overall, like, I feel like it's a bit outdated and they should do something more for a remote company. Another book I really like is rework from base camp, from the founder of base camp. I really like that guy, and he, he founded a company, a bootstrap software company that sounds worth like is a eight figure software and a remote first. And they really like his approach, like is very secure to our approach, where you must hire a manager of one. That is what is calling them, people who can manage themselves. You don't need to micromanage them, because you hire such a top layer can do they can do good stuff without you. So that is a Bucha I would highly suggested. And rework, rework,

Speaker  770224:00
okay, so what's if you were say you're looking to hire like the best talent from Eastern Europe? What's your what's your approach? So what sort of ads you putting up? What sort of platforms do you like? How are you building candidates

Speaker  773360:00
for me, still, still today, the best way to find candidates is LinkedIn outreach, so you you can create a job post. But let's be honest, top talents are working already in a in a company like they're not there outside searching for a job. The best people are already working, most likely in an agency or for a company in house. So what we like to do is outreach, LinkedIn outreach and speak with as many people as possible. So that is, I still believe, is the best way to find talents. And again, there is execution risk, because you need to put a lot of reps to find these people, to convince them to jump on a call, and because you need to have a good offer for them to jump on a pool, especially for top talents. So that is

Speaker  785328:00
so you are putting ads up. You're putting ads up as well, but you're generally finding the best people that you're DMing on

Speaker  787552:00
correct on LinkedIn, yeah, we have an HR manager and yeah, and another person who just doing outreach to find talents.

Speaker  790293:20
And with that, would you, would you go through the same approach, if you are looking at Asia as well,

Speaker  792549:20
there is an, there is a, there is online job there, so you can leverage more platform like online jobs, or I will still use LinkedIn. And so that is what I would do. Like I will still start by LinkedIn first. I will still ask referrals. If any of my friends knows any PPC Manager I could ever leverage. And sometimes, like one thing I want to say for PPC Manager, and you could find a guy who who is really eager to learn, and you is willing to to. Stay with you long term, and you can teach them how you're doing your job, if you really know your stuff, your PPC things, and you can train them and so they can grow with you. That is another approach. It takes a bit of more time, but if you find, I think, an engineer who is willing to learn, who understand numbers, and who is willing to start in this new career, could be a solution. But for Asia, we say still LinkedIn, still online jobs, pH, if I'm mistaken, and yes, I never try other agencies to also to find talents, to be honest. So I cannot say for that

Speaker  809893:20
great. Okay,

Speaker  810581:20
what are the main KPIs. Do you optimize for in an account? What do you think the main focus should be a high level for an agency or your in house employee?

Speaker  813370:40
So So here, I would suggest to start by analyzing our parent is in level. First, it's important to have an account level target. So for example, I want a target of 10% overall, which is good. But what we like to do for our customer is to have a target tacos and ACOs on a parent is in level. So for each parent agent, since for our PPC campaigns, we segment by parenthesis, we have a target for each parenthesis. So let's say that I'm selling Omega free Omega free oil. I want to know, okay, how much can I spend for this product? So what is my tacos, and how much efficiency can I be? And there are some formulas that you can you can work on to understand, what is your break even, ACOs, and what is the target tacos you should aim for? But most, most of the time, depends on your margin percentage. So let's say you are aiming for a margin percentage job, 15% in that way you can find, okay, this is how much I can invest on PPC. Depends also on the life cycle of the product. But overall, I will say we set target on a parent is in level most of the time, okay?

Speaker  830698:40
And on the agency, on the agency side and the coaching side, are you always using scale insights and recommending scale insights, or are you sometimes recommending other solutions?

Speaker  833744:00
No, we is this. We still suggest skill insights to analyze the overall profitability. I know that the profitability sometimes in scale Insights is not the best. It's not very accurate, compared to seller board, for example. So we suggest to use seller board for really be mindful about the profit. But scaling sites is great for us as an agency and for the VPC manager to quick analyze performance and to see what's going on. But the tech stack that we actually use for our coaching customer, coaching clients and our agency, we use scaling sites for overall analysis and automations. We use Data Dive for a keyword ranking and keyword research, and we use keeper for analyzing them the DSR, and we use our software that we build in house to do advanced analysis of the PPC side.

Speaker  847338:40
So this is the text that we Yeah,

Speaker  847818:40
great. Thanks. Last question Pete asks, Can you show an example for short name in scale? Insights?

Speaker  849568:00
Yeah, very simple. So what we suggest, I don't have an example right now, but what I can say is that, let's say you're selling, I don't know. Yeah, I was for short name. You keep it very short. For example, two words maximum. So especially in skinny sides, because that you want to read it very quickly and after that, so you have the shorter name that could be towards maximum. And so water bottle, for example, and then you have ACOs, you put the target, and then you have the ACOs, and you put the target, very simple. Keep it simple. Keep it stupid. That is another rule that we have

Speaker  859882:40
great, awesome. So yeah, if anyone wants to get in touch with you, they can go through there. I think there's also an MDS link as well. So if you go to go on the app, go to partners, select nomads, there will be a link there so that you can get the get the discount, and I'm sure Stefano will take good care of you. If we could have, can we have the link to the feedback form in the chat? So it really helps me to get the best guests on and plan the best calls. If you guys can give feedback, all you've got to do is give a rating out of 10 if you want to type out some feedback as well. That's even more helpful. That's appreciative also. So Stefano, if you could email me those extra links on the group chat with Belen, we'll get it added to the we'll get it added to the recording so I can get those resources as well. That would be, that would be awesome. And then, yeah, maybe we'll, maybe we'll do a bit more, more of a technical one, go into some detail on scale insights another time. Let's

Speaker  875962:40
do that. Yes, maybe do that. Thank you Jamie and thank you guys for listening. All

Speaker  877322:40
right, thanks, guys. We'll get our recording up tomorrow. Okay, for you with those notes. Cheers, guys. Thanks.
