MDS Mogul Call with Riverbend
Date: June 18, 2025

Speaker  16490:40
Hey, Guys, all right, Ben, are you picking

Speaker  18976:00
up that background music from my office or not?

Speaker  20368:00
No, okay,

Speaker  20704:00
no, I cannot hear anything. All

Speaker  21904:00
right, awesome. So, Kaylee's gone to New York. So, oh, really, yeah, she rented in New York there. Yeah,

Speaker  24517:20
cool.

Speaker  25301:20
We've got a special thing, because our sister in law works in virgin, we can get, like, very cheap flights on Virgin. So she just got to pay for the hotels. Okay, yeah.

Speaker  32106:40
When is near? MDS day? Is it today

Speaker  33184:00
or tomorrow? I

Speaker  33504:00
i think it's today. Yeah,

Speaker  34816:00
oh Yeah, it is today. It is there.

Speaker  46842:40
The people didn't like that the title of the call sety, Amazon, I yeah,

Speaker  50208:00
it got toned down.

Speaker  53232:00
I think I'm gonna go look for my heater, because it's really cold here in my office. Just a sec I'm

Speaker  69248:00
Hey, everyone, how you doing? Hey, how's it going? Good? Thanks. How are y'all, yeah, doing good. It's just a big MDS day. We've got Brianna up at your event in New York.

Speaker  73861:20
Oh, cool. Yeah. Is he sort of, is he speaking there, or just as a sort of sponsor, or,

Speaker  75402:40
I think she gets to do like a little five minute commercial, as they'll call it.

Speaker  76682:40
Oh, cool,

Speaker  76874:40
yeah. So that's great.

Speaker  78106:40
I saw something we can add on to the agenda. So for like. Cam. Michael patron had a an issue with his insert already you just saw in the Facebook group. No, I saw it on Twitter. He posted it on Twitter.

Speaker  85360:00
Okay, that's

Speaker  86016:00
actually a really good fit with the topic, because so much of what Amazon is acting on is around reviews.

Speaker  88389:20
Yeah. So check it out. I

Speaker  90666:40
So apparently they actually rescinded the email. But whether that's because he's got 22,000 followers, I don't know, maybe it helps, but I've already had More than that.

Speaker  101456:00
What's really stupid is, with their policy, they don't want any language that would make you more likely to give a review because of who you are. So people who say, Oh, we're a small, family owned business, and that really helps us, they don't

Speaker  105845:20
like that. Ah. So he is saying, as a small US business, yeah,

Speaker  106725:20
which is really kind of saying the same thing in the current, current environment, with all the China trade war stuff, right? It's kind of the same, feel good. Now, I think it's stupid, but that's why, that's why they're picking on him. It's also so broad. I mean, come on, you could view all of that so many different ways.

Speaker  116128:00
Oh, I

Speaker  118837:19
because, yeah, I mean, Twitter used to he said I got on Twitter in the first place was to try and get better Amazon support. But it seems like it's not really as good as it used to be. All right. Hang on post. I I'm

Speaker  138949:19
but let's see, how long will it take to deliver the content that you got for your pound on the slides? Do you think

Speaker  140810:40
20 minutes max? Okay, cool. I know your books like it short and sweet

Speaker  144106:40
and Then questions, because questions are always the best. Yeah,

Speaker  147664:00
I uh, it's been a while since I've had anything, uh, anything, anything really bad happened in our business? It's mostly just like small things going wrong. But then we got a we got an angry letter from our our big our big competitor, saying that we are breaching their copyright and their design rights. But fortunately, the. Have not gone via Amazon, which is nice, but the same thing happened, like, I think, eight years ago, but we just dealt with them directly. They didn't actually contact us by a lawyer, so we just sort of negotiated it without lawyers before, and we changed the design of our product, but this time, they've gone in all guns blazing with with the lawyers. So I did a bit of initial, a bit of initial research on grok chat, GPT and Gemini, and then, yeah, I've been be in touch with the lawyer, so hopefully, hopefully we have some sort of a case,

Speaker  171706:40
because, as I'm sure you know, it's the design that becomes so difficult to defend, both in the courts and on Amazon, but especially on Amazon, because Amazon doesn't specialize in any of these things. So when someone claims design patents, they tend to just take it down, even if it's ludicrous, even if the claim is ridiculous. And you know, you can look at both things and see they're not the same.

Speaker  178336:00
Yeah, we had to take a whole product down once because of this, even, but forced. He wasn't a very good product, so it didn't matter that much. But, yeah, this is, unfortunately, our best product. So we'll have to see how strong our case is, because it's definitely, it's not a complete copy, right? And it is, I think it is materially different, but the language in the UK law is quite, is quite vague, but I think they changed the law in the UK because people were just making tiny changes and getting around it

Speaker  187850:40
right?

Speaker  189066:40
Well, we'll see. Well,

Speaker  190010:39
good luck with that. I hope you have a great lawyer.

Speaker  191178:39
He does seem to be good, and he knows the US and Germany as well, so that that should be handy.

Speaker  194575:59
Hey guys, welcome All right, so let's do the if we could just go to the MDS slides.

Speaker  196032:00
Yes, I

Speaker  197333:20
in just a sec, I don't know what's going on. Oh, here it is.

Speaker  201157:20
There it is.

Speaker  202245:19
Okay. So this is your weekly reminder to use the MDS app. I hope you have gotten into the channels that you want to be in. Hope you are checking out the recordings regularly. So there's a lot of Inspire recordings that have become live recently, so definitely go in and check them out next up. So if you haven't booked your tickets to Milan, you've got to Milan, you've got to get that booked, get get those flights, get into the main hotel. Really, hope to hope see you there. It's beautiful city. It's gonna be great. So yeah, get on the WhatsApp. Sometimes some of you may not see you know a post about a mogul call. So yeah, sign up for the WhatsApp reminders. It's just broadcast only. We'll put a link in the chat as well, so you can sign up get those reminders. I think we've got about 100 and how many? What are now? Like 100 in the WhatsApp broadcast group, or something, 8585 I want to get up to 100 so obviously, partner spotlight on Riverbend. So 10% off account reinstatement. It's a good deal and a free assessment. First, what other partner offers do we have with Riverbend at the moment? Lesley, do

Speaker  223178:39
you know? Yes. So the most important thing is that, as part of your MDS perks, you can get a free consult call every quarter. And much bigger deal, you can get a free asin reinstatement every quarter. So when an asin goes down, you have a scary warning. You go through MDs, they approve it, send you on over to us, and we just take care of it for you.

Speaker  229925:20
Oh, brilliant. Okay, yeah, I've used a few of those before. All right, so if we start, start the recording here, welcome to the Mogul call. Everyone really happy to have Leslie back on the call. So Leslie is going to be getting us up to date with the latest stuff in seller enforcement. So it really pays to be up to date on this kind of stuff. This is one of the reasons why we're in MDS, right? So we can have the latest information, so we can try and avoid falling into these traps in the first place, and also so that if we do get pinged, we know the best, the best response, because responding well. And responding badly could be the difference between having a really good year or really bad year, or losing your business or not, so that the stakes couldn't be higher for us. So welcome. Thanks for being on the call. Leslie,

Speaker  243264:00
Hey. Thanks so much for having me. It's great to see everyone here today. I really appreciate it. Awesome.

Speaker  245615:59
All right, so I thought we could maybe start off with the start off with the stuff that we've got planned, and then maybe we can go into some Q amp, A, so if you guys have got any questions or anything, then please, please let us know. And we will. We'll have plenty of times to cover those and to discuss those. All right, so let's get let's get into the slides first and discuss that first. Awesome.

Speaker  253786:40
Okay, so am I sharing from my screen?

Speaker  254442:39
Yes.

Speaker  254666:40
Okay, cool. Cool.

Speaker  256746:39
Okay. Here we go. So what we're going to talk about today is protecting your money and inventory from greedy, greedy Amazon. We all know they're greedy, and they're doing some new things that, frankly, have me concern. So for those of you who don't know me, I've been working in this space, helping people with account reinstatement asin reinstatements for about, Gosh, it's a decade now, and some of the things Amazon's been doing in the last nine months are really new to me, and very concerning. So I want to make sure you all know about them so you can avoid these things. I have some clients right now in in this world who are having these specific problems, and some of them are people y'all would actually know. You're kind of in the same circle. So this is very relevant to you, even if it seems out there. So the first thing I want to talk about is permanent funds holds. This is a really big deal where Amazon shuts down your account and they keep the money that's in the account forever. We're also seeing weird instances where they are holding funds while your account is still active for no apparent reason. In fact, I've gotten three emails this week alone from people saying Amazon hasn't dispersed my funds for two cycles. I have no idea, and they won't tell me. So let's talk about what can make your funds be held permanently? The first thing everyone asked me is, Can Amazon even do this? That is a debatable question. It is in the BSA, which is Amazon's version of Terms of Service, that they can hold your funds permanently. Now, in the past, say, prior to 2025 I only saw funds hold for things that were obvious, like, you sold stolen goods, you sold counterfeit goods, you sold goods that were, like my first bullet, restricted products, but in a really, really skeezy way. So like, you're selling a vaping accessory. But the listing doesn't say the word vaping accessory anywhere in it. It's just got some pictures. All the text is about other things. And then you go out and put links on social media saying you're selling these vaping accessories. Well, what Amazon caught on to was that people would do that. Amazon would suspend the account, give their money back. Person would reopen a new account, sell the same stuff the same way. So they said, We're going to start holding funds for people selling these kinds of restricted products that then they can just recycle across accounts. So that makes sense, right? And then the second reason, prior to this year we would see it, was for drop shipping. So same animal here, when you're drop shipping, you haven't actually invested any money in inventory, except the inventory that is from the last two weeks, right? Whatever is in your funds at Amazon that you drop ship to those items paid for them, and you're waiting for Amazon to give you your payment. So in the past, same deal, Amazon said, You know what, Leslie set up this drop shipping account that she can't have, and we're going to hold the funds, because if we don't, as soon as she can, she's just going to set up another account, take that money, do the same thing. Again. That's what people did for years and years. So now they are tending to permanently hold the funds for drop shipping account. This year, there's some new things, and review manipulation is the big one. There is a whole lot of pressure on Amazon from the Federal Trade Commission to a. To not allow fake reviews, purchased reviews, anything that is around manipulation on the platform, and because of that, Amazon is over enforcing on review manipulation so quick story time have clients who got suspended earlier this year. They appealed with someone else. They failed. They have multiple accounts that all sold different things, three different brands on three different accounts, but they all knew each other, invested in each other's businesses. They all got shut down for review manipulation, they did the bad thing. They used things like chat bots to get reviews, and Amazon told them you are colluding, because all three accounts use the same strategies and the same like consultants to do these things and the same agencies to do these things. You're colluding your accounts gone forever. So then they came to me. I've been working with them. Amazon gave them very scary language, plus letters from outside legal people saying what you've done is so egregious you can never come back. Here's the kicker, though, across those three counts, Amazon is holding more than $2 million in funds, and they say they're never giving it back. Now, I have a real problem with this from a legal standpoint, because Amazon is not the government, and $2 million exceeds any kind of investigative cost or legal cost Amazon invested in getting these people off the platform. Also, the goods were not fraudulent at all. They're viral products that people want, and so Amazon sold those products, they shipped them to the buyers, and they got paid for them. So I personally think that these folks should go to arbitration and that they can get some of their money back. But regardless of what my opinion is, even in the short term, they're without their about $2 million across these accounts that Amazon is permanently holding. The first time I had heard of this was around April, and since then, I've heard it for several other people who've come to me and said, I got busted for review manipulation, now they're keeping my money forever. This is particularly important for the MDS group, because y'all are private label, and private label is where you find the review manipulation. So just know now, if it's like little stuff, they're probably not going to hold your funds forever, but if you're doing if you're actually buying reviews, if you're using any services you're not supposed to, they're getting really aggressive. And for a larger brand, that's a huge amount of cash. Then on top of that, we are seeing what I call here random abuse of sellers. And I just want you to be again aware of this and keeping an eye on it, because if Amazon is randomly abusing you, as you know, it can take a long time to fix that. It's not a quickie fix for any of this. So an example seller got suspended. They were suspended for six months. They came to us about four months in, I believe, and we got them reinstated. But when we got them reinstated, they were at 180 days. They were at six months. Amazon had $100,000 of theirs. Amazon refused to give them the funds, saying you've been suspended for over 180 days, and the BSA says, if you're suspended more than 180 days, we can keep your money forever. Okay, that's not true. Like go read the BSA. It's nowhere in there that is not anywhere in that document. And it's obvious why they can't say that, because they could slow walk every suspension that ever happened, get to 181 days, reinstate the seller and keep the cash right, like get really bad incentive. Obviously not true. But as you all know, the truth doesn't always matter in Amazon's land, so we are currently having to fight to get this client's money back. Excuse me, even though Amazon has absolutely no valid reason for keeping it. So then, thirdly, the thing that I was talking to you about a little while ago, it isn't a permanent fund sold, but it is still really bad. Lots of sellers seeing money held, even when they have no warnings from Amazon, or if you get a warning from Amazon on your account, they're holding the funds until you clean up the warning. Well, in both of those cases, you have to go to payments. It's payment dash funds at Amazon. Dot. Com and say, hey, hey, why are you keeping my money? Where is my money? They respond about half the time. Then when they don't respond, you have to escalate to Jeff or to another team. And it seems like there is some incentive inside of Amazon to slow walk anytime they can, giving up the cash to the seller, even if it's based on something totally ludicrous. So on a similar note, we have withholding and destroying your goods.

Speaker  409317:20
Oh, so just back on the other one, once I got I was incorrectly named in like a court case or something as a defendant. I think it was Manchester United football club where they're taking some IP action against people. And my company got named by accident. So mine got blocked for, like, I think was a month or two, but it was, it was annoying. It was December. I really needed that money.

Speaker  415914:40
Oh, it's so frustrating when they make errors and they want you to prove the negative. How do you prove a negative? How do you prove this was an error on your part? It's extremely frustrating. And you're right. Every business owner, they need their cash to pay for the next load of inventory. Yeah, the my, my very favorite. And by that I mean the most egregious that I've ever seen, that Amazon has ever done on funds like this is where they have recalled products they weren't supposed to recall. So Jamie, that's more like your situation, right? Like the there's a whole list of all of these products that they're recalling for safety reasons or manufacturing reasons. In this case, it was a whole bunch of supplements. That a bunch of brands bought from a contract manufacturer, and then they swept in all these other supplements that were not manufactured by that contract manufacturer, Amazon, just like put full supplements out of a hat and did recalls for all of them. And when they did that, they gave refunds to all the buyers and took the money out of the seller's account. So imagine one day, you wake up, you look in your account, you're negative, and it's because they gave refunds to all these people that bought things that weren't recalled. It's crazy. That's crazy. Good times. We did get the money back on those just, just saying, hundreds of 1000s of dollars, but it took three months. So you know, the clients, the sellers, didn't have their cash for three months. Okay, so withholding and destroying goods, same song, second verse, important for you to know as sellers, if you ever have an asin that has been suspended and you've got inventory sitting at FBA, and it takes past 90 days for you to get the asin reinstated. They can destroy your inventory. Sometimes they put you on a 60 day clock, and they can't

Speaker  447498:40
What's the norm? It's normally 80 Days. Is it?

Speaker  448362:40
So it's supposed to be 90, but they started like making the time less and less. And so they send you an email while the asin is suspended, and they'll tell you you have until this date, or you have X number of days to remove your inventory, or we will destroy it, which we all know that most of the time. They don't destroy it. They resell it, but or sell it themselves. But regardless, they give you this warning. Well, a lot of our clients believe that, you know, they'll come to us actually, when the state has already passed sometimes, and they're like, but Amazon won't stop it. Why won't they stop it? Y'all know how removal orders are. Once you place a removal order, you can't make it not remove and so when Amazon's automated systems place that removal order, probably five days in advance, or whatever their bleed is, it can't be undone. And you can beg and scream and plead, and you can even get an executive status to say, Stop. Still happens. So if, God forbid, you have an asin that gets down to that point, you've got to remove it, which is all the more reason to start escalating sooner. Start fighting it sooner. Don't hesitate, because in these cases where you have something suspended, you won't get reimbursed for that money. Now we have had instances where something was a lot of goods or expensive goods, that we have persuaded Amazon to give an extension well before they place the removal order. And so we've asked them, can you give us a 30 day extension while we continue appealing? And sometimes they'll grant that extension, which is awesome. So keep that in your back pocket, but you can't do it at the last minute. It needs to be when there's still 15 days on the counter, because they do place those removal orders in advance. Well, there are other times when they will withhold or destroy your goods if they think an item is. A legit counterfeit. I guess that doesn't really work to say legit counterfeit, but you all know what I mean, not just like, not just that a buyer's like, this is fake. But I mean, like, they look at it and they're like, oh, wow, this is fake. They really believe it's counterfeit or stolen. They will destroy those goods, those they they allegedly don't resell, those end up in a landfill because they have to destroy them. But there's also this count category called unsuitable goods, and this is relatively new category, unsuitable goods, or goods Amazon stinks, are stolen or fake, but they can't prove it, so to call them unsuitable, because what does unsuitable mean? Nobody knows. So it's really hard for you to win against them and say these aren't unsuitable, because nobody knows it doesn't have a legal definition, like counterfeit. Well, here's where I've seen people who are sellers like you? Sellers like MDs, sellers get caught up in unsuitable goods. It's not for your private label. It is for sellers. And we actually have one MDS client in the past. This is exactly what they did. Sellers who want more cash flow in their account, so they add another business model to their private label account. So for example, they'll do wholesale because somebody knew a guy who's really good and gets you really great deals, and so they added those wholesale products to their private label, very valuable account, and got popped for unsuitable goods. Here's why it happens. A lot of these wholesalers who are, I know a guy who's really good and has name brand things, and the prices are great, they'll tell you, hey, I want you to get the best margin you can. You're going to ship. We're going to ship for you direct to the warehouse. You're never going to touch these things. You're just going to get the profit. It'll be awesome. And so then they ship stuff that is questionable, and some of it is fine, but some of it might not be. I've seen examples where they were selling really expensive like $110 curling irons that were knockoffs, and it was obvious they were knock offs, but they were shipping direct to the to the warehouse, so you as the seller, you don't know because you're not seeing it. So here's how Amazon detects this, not from complaints, once they know that there is one of these actors out there in the marketplace. One of these wholesalers, they're actually tracking the goods from the address that's inbound to the Amazon fulfillment center. So that is how they're deciding the good goods are unsuitable. They might sell eight ASINs. They might ship eight ASINs for you that are totally fine, but one of them isn't, or all of your stuff could be totally fine, but that wholesaler has been shipping stuff to someone else's account. That isn't fine, and Amazon is tracking by that inbound address and saying this supplier is not reliable. These are unsuitable goods. The problem is, Amazon doesn't distinguish between the shipments that came from that dude, and the shipments that came from your manufacturer or from your own warehouse or from your three PL and so they will say your whole account is unsuitable goods based on that one asin or that one supplier. So if you ever want to boost your cash flow, you find that someone that's a great resource for wholesale or some other kind of model, do it in a different account. Set up a second seller account. You're allowed to do it. Never put it with your private label. But when they detect unsuitable goods, they will withhold or destroy all your stuff. Restricted products that's more obvious. Restricted products doesn't have to be things that

Speaker  544768:00
can start something like, if I'm selling a bomb, when I'm trying to pretend it's a vase or something weed

Speaker  546416:00
grinders, yeah,

Speaker  546784:00
I'm saying it's a kitchen tool or something for home.

Speaker  547600:00
Absolutely, absolutely, yeah. Jamie nailed it. That the weed grinders that people tried to say they were herb grinders. That's one any kind of vaping accessory. But there's also stuff like, Amazon will decide they've gone back and forth on tasers. Like, yes, you can sell tasers. No. Only Amazon can sell tasers. Actually, we're not going to sell tasers. No. Amazon can sell tasers. Oh, everyone can sell tasers. And when they gate it up, if you don't remove this stuff, they'll destroy it. That's really frustrating. But now we're back to review manipulation again, which again, I have legal and ethical issues with this. Just because I bought some reviews, it doesn't mean there's anything wrong with my product, and it should be destroyed. Right? That is not stopping them, at this time, from doing so. I think it'll probably take several cases to go to arbitration and be won by sellers before they stop doing this. Also,

Speaker  563504:00
if you destroy someone's products, if it turns out they made a mistake, they can't get the products back

Speaker  564976:00
absolutely but in most cases, they're they're not review, they're not destroying the products until you've already gotten the hard block saying that you're never coming back on Amazon, but you should still be able to remove your stuff. Just because you can't sell it on Amazon doesn't mean I can't remove it and sell it on Shopify, right? And so yeah, they're and they're refusing to ship it back. So this isn't like earlier, where you try to place, where you're just late placing or a removal order. This is they won't let you place your removal order. They're going to destroy it instead, which actually means they're going to sell it out the back of their warehouse y'all and make cash off of it and tell you it's it's proof it's gone. So I just want y'all to be aware that review manipulation, they are really trying to increase the cost of review manipulation to where you really, really don't want to do it, because it is far too risky. And I know that for a long time, a lot of sellers have kind of calculated how they feel about review manipulation, and in many cases, said, You know what my personal risk profile? I can handle it. You know this is this is cool. I can do this. And if I get popped, it's okay, because if you get reinstated, and they wouldn't steal your money, now it's two strikes and you're out. Sometimes it is a warning and a strike, and you're out. The case I told you all about earlier, the people that Amazon owes $2 million they didn't even get a warning. It was one strike, and they're out.

Speaker  589626:39
Has it two strikes? If and how? What sort of time frame?

Speaker  590698:39
So in, ever, okay, ever. And now, usually they're really going to go back on other enforcement. They go back 180 days on review manipulation. We've seen them go back a year and a half, yeah, but like these guys, they didn't, they got, they got a warning message, and then they got popped permanently. Yeah? So we had a question about removal orders. Are they using other ways to get the inventory back? So placing a removal order is really your only option to get your stuff if they decline to allow you to submit a removal order, or if they cancel your removal order, you can appeal. That's something that you immediately go to executive escalations and say, there's no reason for you to permanently hold my funds. This makes it or hold my goods. This makes no sense. I want my stuff. It's not an illegal product, give it back, and we've had that work, but sometimes it doesn't. And what's really rough is, I know a lot of you, MDS folks, you sell goods that have expiration dates, and so if this gets held up in a round and round you know, if you're getting your stuff six months out, that's really hurting the viability of your products and how long you're able to sell them if something was already sitting in the warehouse for a while. Very frustrating. Okay, so the key here avoid enforcement. I know this sounds so stupid, but seriously, I'm seeing people suffering with these like millions of dollars gone, and it scares the heck out of me for private label sellers. So first, first important rule, if you want to do drop shipping, you do wholesale, you hustle, you do any other kind of account, put it on a separate account. It is okay to do what has to be really clear. You all know this, you can never sell the same stuff across two accounts. Avoid even being in the same category, unless it's two brands. Just make it really clear the delineation between the accounts. You need a separate LLC. You need separate finances, separate credit cards. Don't cross over any of the money things.

Speaker  629184:00
Yeah. So I'm guessing that if you have two accounts, whether you told Amazon or not, they get they're going to

Speaker  631333:20
know, right? They'll figure it out. I

Speaker  631877:20
think before having a conversation with you or someone else in your industry, the advice was that if you did get suspended on one account, you're unlikely to be suspended on the other account, unless it was fraud, is that? Is that still the case? Or would, or would other digressions be considered the same severity as fraud? Now,

Speaker  638714:39
so that is a big It depends. Review, manipulate. Is becoming an issue with owning multiple accounts, even if the brands are completely separate, and even if you did not ever collude or do anything between the accounts, if it has the same owners, they're kind of marking people as bad actors. And that's that's what we're fighting with several clients right now is just because this account did these skeezy things. Doesn't mean the other are you can also, if you set up your accounts properly, that doesn't mean that you shouldn't do the things that people have been doing forever on Amazon. Use a VPN. Use Mirage ID. Mirage ID is awesome. It keeps you from accidentally signing into the same account without swapping out your VPN. You know, use a totally different person to set up the account. It looks shady, but at this point, some people are doing these things that only shady people did before, just to make sure that you're kept safe in case something goes wrong. Oh, quick question from Pete. He asked if I could define what Amazon considers drop shipping. That is not a silly question. That is a great question, because there is good drop shipping and bad drop shipping in Amazon land good drop shipping is where you have a relationship with a drop shipper. You have a great relationship with, like, a company that is a distributor for auto parts. That's like, the best example out there is auto parts, because who stocks all those SKUs, right? So you have auto parts of vendors that you have a relationship with and that they ship for you a particular order to your buyer, and it's got your return address on the package, and it's obviously from you the Drop Shipping Amazon does not like and same for Walmart and same for eBay and everyone else is where you don't actually have any inventory, nor do you have a relationship with some kind of a distributor. And instead, when someone places an order in your place, turning around and placing the order from Walmart or Home Depot. And so then the buyer is actually receiving a package from Home Depot with Home Depot branding on it and a Home Depot invoice. And so you're just it's just like arbitrage, where you never touch the goods. And Amazon hates that. And the reason they hate it also is that the buyer not only is confused, but also that they then figure out that they just got screwed because item cost 10 bucks less on Home Depot, and that's how you were able to flip it and make the extra point. So that is the same

Speaker  686378:40
apply if you are buying from Amazon and selling it on another platform. Or would Amazon not be bothered about that?

Speaker  687898:39
So Amazon doesn't care, but the other platform does, if it's eBay or Walmart.

Speaker  689040:00
Yeah, you might know you if you go on eBay and search your brand, you might notice a lot of your products listed there, like $5 more expensive than they are on Amazon, just to be honest, not a huge problem getting extra sales. But yeah, go ahead. Pete,

Speaker  693072:00
just that's that's good definition, just one question. So, and I, I'm, I'm actually good. So thank goodness. So I beat the first, the first good part of your definition. But just hypothetically, like using your auto part example, if, if I have, you can have a relationship. Let's say you have a relationship with three distributors that have the identical skew, and the order comes in, and you decide you can choose from whichever of the three you want to procure it from to fulfill that order, that would still be okay in Amazon's eyes, as long as it's the identical part, it's not counterfeit, and all that that kind of jazz with and if that's true, would they even, even care? Like the definition of relationship is a little bit, you know, murky, right? Like, if you're truly a procurement guy, you can go and find things as the order comes in. Let's say you set your handling time in two weeks and go, all right, I just got an order for 1000 widgets, and as long as you're certifying, and I guess that the SKU is not counterfeit, like does, is Amazon okay with that? I mean, I'm sure it starts to decline after that in terms of murkiness, but maybe that's comments for you.

Speaker  713733:20
Yeah, I totally get what you're saying. So as far as can you choose, yeah, absolutely, as long as it's not Autozone you're ordering from, it's an actual distributor or warehouse that's shipping that order for you that you have a real relationship with, that you're getting invoices that make sense, right? The invoice isn't like you're shipping it to your. Lake House, the invoice is like, you're shipping it to a buyer, and you have a corporate account set up so that when you get your invoices, they are corporate account invoices, they're not retail invoices. So that that's going to be cool. Now, where it becomes a problem is if Amazon starts to believe that you're drop shipping for whatever reason, and like you said, you can go out and find stuff. They either want you to have an established relationship with a vendor, where it is truly a distributor type relationship, or they want you to have inventory on hand. They don't like the idea of anyone selling inventory that does not exist, because if you're selling inventory from your distributor, you've got an inventory system that's like syncing up with your system, that you know that stuff exists. You're only listing it on Amazon. If your distributor have it in stock, or knows they're going to have it tomorrow with safety stock, right? So technically, you're supposed to have inventory on hand, or your distributor. I have only seen one person be suspended and not get back on because Amazon believed they were doing this selling stuff they don't own. One person over 10 years is not very many, but it, you know, just being really technical here to make sure I'm answering the question fully,

Speaker  742741:20
yeah, because, like, we're in the customization space too, which is a little more useful. It's more of a made to order type thing, and in those cases, you know, we're putting our artwork on a on a product. And so I think Amazon, hopefully would understand, like, you can't keep inventory of a customizable, imprintable product. We can go, if we want to, if we're selling T shirts as an example, which we're not, you know, I can go to a number of different t shirt suppliers and say, Hey, add this, this logo or this imprint on it, and it would be like, you know. So I think they would be okay with that, but

Speaker  751930:39
you're totally correct. They do view customized as different. They have different enforcement rules. Absolutely. Great question. I love questions. Okay, so my next bullet is falling into review manipulation trap. So I just want to mention two kind of new ones. Oh, should

Speaker  757072:00
we just do one? There's one other question. So should we just do that while, while we're at it? So

Speaker  758085:20
sure I missed that

Speaker  758453:19
for school. Said, how do you guys use removal orders faster? Are there any other ways to get the inventory back

Speaker  761301:20
right? So with that, you you really have to keep an an eye on the clock that they've given you of how many days you have to remove and then place well in advance of that clock. Do not trust them. Do not wait to the last day. Sometimes they've already pulled the trigger, and there's really no other way except to place removal orders, except if they refuse, you can escalate to an executive or a team to try and get them to change their mind, but you've got to act on that early if they're refusing your removal orders, because if you wait until the clock ticks down, there's no undoing it. Okay, so on review manipulation traps, the new ones that I've seen that I can tell you Amazon is caught on to now. Review plants now I'm aware of these going back to last summer. Maybe they happened before that. Last summer is when they started to proliferate, and last summer is when Amazon has started to detect them. Review plants are where you you or someone you've hired, or, you know, reviews a similar product to yours or complimentary product to yours. They don't review your product. They buy and review another product, and then in the review, they mention your product, and maybe even put a link to it and say how it's better. Or, you know, for a long time, I really thought that this was the best carrot juice, and then I try, you know, so I gave this five stars in my review, because it's so awesome. But actually, then I tried this other carrot juice. And here's a link to it, and it's better. That's the review plant of Amazon does not like them for obvious reasons. Most of them even have photos, which is so aggressive y'all to put a photo of your product on someone else's asin, just think about that for a second. And then the social platforms. And just to remind you, Amazon has reciprocal agreements with all the other social platforms, except maybe Tiktok. I'm not sure about them, but they have reciprocal agreements with everybody else, and that means that they all work together to find violations of the law, including the. Reviews and anything that violates FTC rules. So they do share data, and that's how they find it. When you have chat bots over on Facebook, it's not magic. It is that Facebook tells them and then Tiktok. So Tiktok is really cool. Tiktok is a great way to move a lot of product. I work with people who have been amazing on Tiktok. I think Tiktok is Neato. What's not Neo is when you hire a Tiktok consultant, and then the Tiktok consultant asks all of the creators that they recruit to do videos and content about your product. They send them to Amazon to buy your product and leave a five star review there, and then compensate them to do so if you use any kind of a Tiktok creator, a creation company, or any of the platforms popping up online for creators on Tiktok, just be aware, Amazon knows all these tricks. They're finding them. If, if the agency you hire pays these people for reviews for your product, you're the one that gets in trouble, not the agency. What's what's really obvious is when they get these creators and they say, hey, 40 creators who are going to review these new hair brats, it'd be really cool if you bought the product and left a review there, and then use the product you receive in the mail to do the content for tick tock, and we compensate you for that. Well, then the creators, they all leave a review that day before they got the product, they order it, and they leave a review immediately and say they've done it. And so that's how you're getting caught on that as well, not cool. So that is it for my bland content. And just a quick reminder, as Jamie mentioned earlier, we have asin appeals that are covered by MDs with your perks package, one per quarter. There's also consult call and our account suspension coverage at it at our best, best price. But the most important thing are the asin appeals. Let me tell you why. Y'all you don't want a bad asin suspension hanging out on your account. One may not do anything bad, but then the second one could, so use your perks. Come to us. Let us let us help you fix it. Escalate if you're stuck on something because it's just hanging out there, it's a benefit for you that MDS is helping you out with and so we would love the chance to help you clear those off so that your account just never, ever gets in trouble. I like to be asked questions in theory, not in practice, because that means that y'all are all active and selling and making money.

Speaker  843466:40
Alright? Guys, yeah, so could so for a consult, can that be about? Is that supposed to be about a specific problem, or is that more about you guys would just have a look at our account health. Have a look for our account and see what you

Speaker  847050:40
can find. It can be whatever you want it to be. So if you want to set up a consult, call for us to look at your account. Help if you have a warning that doesn't make sense to you, because y'all that happens, you know, we call them Franken blurbs. When Amazon takes their some associated Amazon takes blurbs and they like, paste them all together, and then they add some of their own language, and you're like, I don't know what this means anymore. We can absolutely review those with you and Jamie, you mentioned before one of your members who had posted a request for reviews like something they sent out with a product, will review as part of a consult call. We can review an insert that you have in a product to make sure it's not violating policy. It can really be whatever question you have in the account health or suspension world,

Speaker  861322:40
right? Okay, so we covered a lot there. We got some questions in the chat, and if we run out of questions in the chat, I've got plenty of questions of my own as well. Okay, so do you want to unshare and we'll go back to the regular zoom view.

Speaker  864352:00
Yeah.

Speaker  864672:00
So June has a question, which is, do you know what is happening with the Schedule A cases in North Illinois right now? I must admit, I don't know what these cases are, but yeah, sure.

Speaker  868000:00
I'm sorry. I'm trying to turn off sharing. And it's, it's being very rude to me. I Oh, come on, dude, it's just saying share. It's not having anything for me to

Speaker  871845:20
turn it off. Yeah. Belen, can you just turn off? Can you turn off? Leslie, share.

Speaker  872837:19
I'm sorry, that's

Speaker  873221:20
all right. It's

Speaker  873621:20
always the technology.

Speaker  874005:20
So while we do that, do you know about Schedule A cases in North Illinois,

Speaker  875338:40
I don't, I'm not sure what that is. June,

Speaker  876122:40
do you want to, do you want to tell us what it is? June?

Speaker  876794:40
Yeah, those are the mass enforcement cases where they do like, like, they say, this is counterfeit, and all these sellers have colluded, and they freeze their accounts, usually same Chinese sellers. It's.

Speaker  880000:00
So this is very similar to what we were talking about earlier with the suitable goods, and there are a lot of those that were also out of Jersey the prior year. So Amazon has handing all of those off to its outside counsel. To my knowledge, what they're doing is they're enforcing it against them. They're hard blocking them, which means they're not accepting further appeals, because in most cases, they are asking for chain of custody invoices and letters of authorization, and the sellers don't have them. So at that case, they are hand in the past, they would never involve their outside counsel, but in these cases, they are starting to involve outside counsel, and some of the sellers are starting to get letters from Davis Wright Tremaine telling them that they are permanently blocked. So I have a lot of questions about these. I'll tell you that if you're involved in one of these, or know someone who is this, is the best strategy that we have used is to force a bin check if the items are actually not counterfeit. And so you ask for a bin check multiple times at the seller performance level, and they ignore you. And then there are executives over seller performance that you can go to and say this is ridiculous. How can you say this is counterfeit? Go do a bin check, force a bin check by an executive, and in some cases, people have been cleared, but not very many.

Speaker  905525:19
All right, so another question, this is a topical one. So one strategy that some sellers do is they will launch maybe three different colors of their same product separately, get vine on them, and then parent them together. And I think some people have been a bit more aggressive with that strategy as well. But the rumor mill is suggesting that Amazon might be cracking down on this. What have you seen in a way of fine reviews and this potential issue?

Speaker  913968:00
So what's funny is they are cracking down on it more, but you can almost always overcome it. And I'll tell you why they are wrongly saying that it is variation violations, because they're saying it's somehow a variation violation to re parent these agents into a single parent, Asian group, a family, right? And then if you escalate it and get a human to actually look at it, if you're really only running color by color color variations, and there's nothing else different, it's not a variation violation. You just set it up separately and parented it. And there's also no rule that requires you to use a variation. There's no rule that requires that so you can get out of it absolutely. Now, are you going to most of these? They're also doing the 72 hour warning. They're not doing an immediate suspension. So they're saying, hey, hey, we have an issue with you. Please respond in 72 hours and explain blah, blah. And the ones I've worked on, they've all been cleared,

Speaker  931744:00
so if somebody was being a bit more aggressive. So let's say someone was launching a black water bottle and he launched, like a whole bunch of variations, like midnight black, Jet Black, Shadow black, different types of black. Launched all, like 10 separately that were just selling the same bottle, and then they put those together. Is that still potentially okay? Or would it be better not to be not to push it too much?

Speaker  938917:20
That is probably past the line where you want to go. If it's

Speaker  940442:39
actually the same product, you just call it different things. Okay,

Speaker  941210:40
yes, so if you're actually combining them into one listing, instead of combining them into a variation family,

Speaker  943930:39
cool. Okay, let's go to, I'll go to my issue next, before we do the the other one. But essentially, we had some goods that were checked in that were we sent to Amazon. We have given them a bit of lading, proof of delivery, all of this stuff, but Amazon just keeps on denying it. So we've done Seller Support. We've done a Jeff bomb. I've just started emailing execs and LinkedIn. Is there anything that you can else you can think of that we could try on this one?

Speaker  952629:20
So did they say it was Did they ever say it was checked in?

Speaker  953637:19
I think Amazon just said we've never seen it. And they're asking for like

Speaker  956410:40
and with this,

Speaker  956858:39
as noted on the on the provided pod, the document only confirms that the carrier made a delivery of our fulfillment center. It is not a confirmation that Amazon actually received the exact items and quantity stated in the sheet. Shipping plan, as the content was not inspected at the time of the container delivery. In addition, you can see the statements on your shipment plan. The date your shipment becomes eligible for investigation will be shown after your boxes have been checked in. This indicates the boxes were not checked in at our fulfillment center. So they're just still basically denying, denying,

Speaker  964688:00
denying who's your carrier on this

Speaker  965536:00
I'm not sure I'm not being the one dealing with it, but I'm guessing it was DPD. I'm guessing it was, you know, just DPD, the what the regular one that you do from the free, oh, no, this is probably, yes, this would probably, it'll probably come straight from China, actually. So might have been world first. No, no, what they called Europa.

Speaker  972298:39
Oh, my goodness. And, and, of course, you do have the delivery confirmation from them.

Speaker  974042:39
Yeah. So we've got everything, but Amazon's kind of, yeah, they're kind of fluffing it, you know? So,

Speaker  976330:39
yeah. So I would try on that. I think I would try Joyce. Hang on, we're going to solve problems in real time. I would try Joyce rolonka. I Yeah, let me find her email and I'll put it in the

Speaker  983925:19
chat. Oh, cool. Is she good for the UK or just good generally?

Speaker  985029:20
Okay, so no one's good for the UK, so you always have to go to the US. Okay, anyone in the UK is, is like, there we have one useful executive in the UK, and they're only more at the account level for things of verification. So we always take everything to the US, which is sad but true, okay, and her name is tracker, all right. Well, yeah, that's, that's who I would go to. And just be really clear and bullet pointy, and first you have to say what you've done. So you have to state your problem. Amazon is refusing to reimburse me for goods that were delivered but not checked in. Yeah. And then you say what you've done, I've provided all documentation proving that my carrier delivered the goods, but it's all been refused. And then what you need her to do, you know, please initiate an investigation. They're refusing to even investigate because the goods were not checked in. So you got to state like, what's your problem? What you did, what you need from her, and keep it to like, you know, two paragraphs, oh, and be sure and put your a number, your your token, somewhere in the first paragraph. Yeah, send it from the email address associated with your Amazon

Speaker  1010656:00
account. Ah, okay,

Speaker  1011568:00
because this is not going through Seller Central. It's a direct email from the email address you use to log into your account. I

Speaker  1014581:19
uh, an email.

Speaker  1015429:20
Yeah, I know I'm being like, so specific there, but you can use that model for just about any problem

Speaker  1017349:20
you have. It does make a difference to be if it's our just to send it from our Okay, our official email address. Okay,

Speaker  1019738:40
it has to be the email address you use to log in as your primary because their systems internally link that up, they will only talk to someone who is sent from that email address.

Speaker  1023578:40
Awesome. Okay, so next one I got my list is reimbursements. Have changed a lot. I think, what's actually been happening on the ground about, about reimbursement? So, so by reimbursements, what I mean is there are various things that Amazon supposed to refund you for, lost items, damaged items, things like things where they've mischarged You, but they they kind of walked back, what, they're willing to recharge. Specifically, the one I heard about was they just want to pay your factory they just want to pay your factory cogs, not full price. Now,

Speaker  1031749:20
right? So there's two categories here. There's where Amazon is actually being better, and then there's where Amazon is being worked. So on the where Amazon is being better category. For years, they claimed that they were reimbursing you for lost and damaged so stuff at their warehouse that you know, rolled under a rack or somebody stepped on or got stolen, or more likely, when they were transferring goods from warehouse to warehouse, and they lose stuff and. Um, they weren't reimbursing anybody for that, and so now the automatic reimbursement are up. They are doing a better job at reimbursing sellers for that. Now, are they getting everything? No, they're still 30 to 40% of cases that they're not getting, that we're still filing for clients and getting them that money, because Amazon systems are not 100% and they're not that motivated. The other category where Amazon's doing worse is inbound, and it's stuff like Jamie was just talking about fighting you on ridiculous garbage. You have all the proof that you ship the goods and they're not giving you your money, and then in cases where they are giving you your money, they are arguing with you about how much you should actually receive. So in the past, what they would reimburse you was what you would have been paid net of fees. So it was like if your product, every time you sold a unit, you were netting out 10 bucks, even from Amazon, when you sold that unit, that is what they would reimburse you for the unit, not the retail price on amazon.com but the price after all of the pick and pack and all that, yeah, and all the commissions and

Speaker  1059712:00
everything, 0% cost, yeah, it could work out quite well, yeah.

Speaker  1060816:00
Oh, absolutely. Because if they lost a whole bunch, you're getting paid immediately, instead of it being dragged out forever. But ask me how I know I had a joyous Christmas one time because they lost a whole lot of high dollar goods of mine. But the problem is now that they are trying to get away with only selling you the cost, only reimbursing you cost of goods, and y'all can see how awful that is, because that doesn't include labor and shipping and all the things that actually got the goods to the warehouse. So you're taking it back, and they're eventually finding this stuff and selling it, so they're eventually making the money off of it. So here's the thing, they are still kind of wishy washy on what the actual cost of goods price is going to be. And they are accepting for retail arbitrage people the cost of goods on the receipt, which is completely different than cost of goods for a manufacturer, if you think about it, I mean, it's because there's markup involved. So they're still debating this internally. I don't know where it's going to land. I've been encouraging a couple of reporters to write about it and and we'll see if someone, hopefully does soon, because I think some pressure could get them to back down on this. Where I don't see them backing down or getting better is cases like yours, Jamie, that are going on right now, we fight those cases for clients every single day where we're like, No, we've given you everything. Give us the freaking money, because I think that they just try and wear you down so you'll go away honestly and and so people end up having to hire a service. I hate it that people have to hire us for this. I'm glad we provide the value. But you know, it's awful that people have to hire service providers like us to bird dog these issues to get the money that they obviously owe.

Speaker  1091424:00
Great. Well, never tell moment on Amazon. So thank you very much Leslie for joining So guys, if you came in, la if you came in late and you want to check out the recording, recording should be live tomorrow. Next week, we've got Leah lemon is going to be talking us through vo video, free video generation. So I know that's going to be an epic call. So hopefully we'll see you guys there. So thank you very much. Leslie, remember guys your Riverbend perks, quarterly consulting calls, ASINs, asin reviews, quarterly 10% off account reinstatements, so I will catch guys later. Thank you very much.

Speaker  1101226:40
Thanks everyone. Bye. You.
