Real Estate Channel Call
Date: November 20, 2025

Speaker  992:00
Okay, welcome everyone if you're seeing this later. Okay, great.

Speaker  3296:00
All right, I guess while everybody else is joining, maybe Michael, you can give us a little two minute elevator pitch on your background and well, how you got into real estate syndications and where you are now. And then we can get into more tactical stuff on capital raising, how to build wealth via syndications, lessons learned. Maybe we'll also talk about the issues you've encountered with like multi family and where you're shifting, I guess it's not all not all good, and then scaling a large portfolio,

Speaker  12570:40
all right. So hi everyone. Nice to meet you all. My name is Michael Wagman. How did I get started in real estate? Well, I've been a real estate entrepreneur since I was 25 so coming up on 10 years now, I only lasted about three years in the corporate world before I said I had enough and I didn't want to work for anyone else ever again. And since you're all entrepreneurs, you probably can relate to that sentiment. At the time. This is back in like 2016 I was just watching too much HGTV, and there's no, there's no better way to say that, because, you know, back then, the flipper flops and the thicker fixer uppers, those were all super popular shows, and I just remember watching those shows and thinking, you know, I can do that better than they could. And maybe I was young and naive, and I just thought, oh, it's going to be easy. I'll make all this money. I'll buy a house, I'll flip it, and I'll just make $50,000 in one house. Well, needless to say, that was not the truth of the situation at all. But I didn't lose money on my first house. I had never heard of raising money at the time. I'd never heard of other people's money, so I used all my own cash to buy my first little house in Daytona Beach, Florida. It was $66,000 for the whole house. A little too bad. One bath, I put 20,000 into the rehab. I couldn't afford a contractor, so me and one handyman kind of did the whole thing ourselves. He showed me how to lay tile. And, you know, it was, it was a fun experience laying tile in Florida in the summer in a house with no AC. But I didn't lose money, and it kind of gave me the confidence to keep trying real estate investing. And over the course of the next three years, I flipped a bunch of houses. I tried every sort of avenue of residential real estate investing that you could imagine. So I was a realtor. I tried wholesaling. I absolutely hated wholesaling. What else? I bought a four unit building, and then I lived in one of the units. So that was my first experience house hacking, and that was like a real aha moment, because now people are actually paying me to live in the house that I was living and I was like, Oh, my God, I need more of this. So I bought a couple more duplexes, and then I actually moved out of that unit, and I tried Airbnb with it, and in the end, I had a plan to buy 10 duplexes and get up to 20 units. That was like my goal at the time. And I remember I had a phone conversation with this guy, and it's a real shame that I do not remember his name to this day, because he actually changed my life. And I remember telling him my plan, and he said, Why are you going to buy 10 duplexes when you can just buy a 20 unit building? And I was like, What do you mean? You can buy a 20 but he's like, Yeah, you could just buy a 20 unit building. And it was like, oh my god, light bulb went off. So you get all these economies of scale. You know, you only have one type of floor, one color of paint, one roof. You don't have to send a handyman all over town. And then you get the benefit of commercial real estate investing, which is anything greater than five units, the value of the building is entirely determined by how much cash it produces, as opposed to residential, you know, or no matter how much money you make, it's only worth as much as the neighbor next door. So that was my aha moment. I read a bunch of books, started learning how to syndicate deals. I joined a mastermind, and that was about five years ago now. So as of today, I moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where I currently live. I met my business partner out here. We've bought about 700 units of multifamily in the last five years, but we've expanded into other asset classes as well. So we own a commercial retail building, which we're actually gearing up to open just this Friday. We own some raw land, and with hacobo, we just bought our first hotel. So that's where we're at.

Speaker  75866:40
So I actually met Michael at a capital raising mastermind, I think, what over a year ago, just about a presentation on how to raise, how he raised $4 million as a digital nomad traveling around the world. And I just thought that was really cool, because I think. Most of us Amazon sellers were all about that life by design, that traveling that location, freedom. And then I just went up to Michael and told him, Hey, could you coach me on capital raising? And through a lot of his storytelling and frameworks, and with a lot of his also help on the capital raising side, we were actually able to raise $3 million within less than 60 days for our hotel project, and that went incredibly well. So I thought it would be extremely valuable for anybody in the group. We can also open it up for questions, and any questions you have on scaling through syndications capital raising. Because for me, once I understood that capital raising was pretty much another funnel, another marketing funnel, combined with storytelling, it just unlocked so much. For me, my background was buying Airbnbs and then going into now bigger commercial assets and doing these acquisitions that are just a lot more profitable. I'm not using a lot of my own cash, and we're just doing bigger and bigger deals. And what I found, and I really like what you said there about doing bigger deals, you can bring more people with the Airbnbs. There wasn't enough to go around for more people, but right now, five of our investors are part of YPO young president organization. We are they. We have an investor that from YPO group that just arrived here on site. They're looking at co developing a wedding venue with us. We are doing a store, a pastry store on the front of it. We're doing a bar and a restaurant. So a deal that first I thought I was going to acquire as just a hotel has now morphed into this way bigger business than expected, and with all these different partners, we have 19 investors, and five of them, two of them are family offices, and the other and three of them are YPO guys. So this has been just life changing for me, going from like more like your single operator using a lot of your own cash to now doing these deals and opening up this other world of capital raising. So with that said, I guess we can maybe open it up. If you guys have any questions for Michael on capital raising, on syndications, Michael's here a great resource to just shoot away questions, so maybe I'll open it up for question, and if not, I'll ask some questions.

Speaker  120821:19
Yeah, last question, Hey, Michael, it's Chris. So you mentioned your Are you exclusively like focused on multifamily asset right

Speaker  123034:39
now? No, in fact, so it's nice that you brought that up. I I was focused on multifamily for most of the last four years. What I would say is that this is not the worst time to buy multifamily right now, because there are a lot of distressed sellers, and there's the option to sort of assume loans that were in the, you know, two to 5% range, and multifamily values right now are down about 30% since the peak in 2022 but what I will say is that I bought most of my multi family in 2021 and 22 so the last two and a half years have not been the most pleasant time for multi family. You know. The fact of the matter is that it is not for the faint of heart, especially if you're buying like C and D class, even like B minus class assets. You know people right now, the way that the US economy is and the way that that sort of tenant base has been hit by inflation, it is just, you're going to get kicked in the nuts a lot. Put it that way, it's not for the faint of heart. But if you buy a deal, right, if you can get owner financing, if you can get an assumable loan, if the seller is willing to take a loss, then you know, you could actually find a really good deal right now. But in general, occupancy has been down across the country because a lot of new product has been built in the last couple years. So it's it's not in the best spot. And for most of the time that I was buying multifamily. You'd look at all these deals and you could say, Okay, we're going to raise $5 million and in about a five year hold, we'll be able to double the investors money. It'll probably cash flow somewhere in the range of like six to 8% and you know, you have maybe, like, some tax benefits up front, and then you get your most of your money on the exit on equity. Right now, unless you can find a deal that cash flows about 8% out of the gate, I probably wouldn't touch it, because, you know, if you've got a 6% interest. Great. You need that spread a little bit just to give yourself some cushion and and multifamily if you're buying it for cash flow, it's not the way to do it's great for tax depreciation. But if you want cash flow, I would lean more into what hacobo is doing with the hotels.

Speaker  164784:00
So what would you what asset classes are you investing in or targeting now?

Speaker  166277:19
So I have actually shifted a lot of my focus to being solely a capital raiser at this point. And I don't claim to be an operator. I have a business partner who is an operator. I partner with a Kobo who's also an operator. But I do things on the side, like I've raised money for some pre Ibo startups. I've made raised money for a private equity roofing roll up. As far as real estate asset classes, I'm pretty much all in on the ultra niche boutique hotel like what we're doing with hacobo. I think that is, you know, it's got an amazing story. There's so much opportunity to make money. It's got a really unique product, and that's where people are spending money these days. You know, they're on Instagram. They're finding out about these properties through scrolling through reels, and they're willing to spend money on experiences. But I'm not really interested in the brain damage of buying more multifamily at this time,

Speaker  182229:20
what are those like, niche hotel combo, if you want to maybe touch on that like, yeah. What? What does that look like?

Speaker  184085:20
Yeah. So basically, after I sold my Airbnbs, I started looking at commercial real estate, but at the same time, I wanted something that could still be making a lot of cash flow. So boutique hotels are basically just commercial Airbnbs. And the huge opportunity right now is there's 10,000 baby boomers retiring daily, and a lot of them own these mismanaged assets and prime areas all around the states. Right now, new development is extremely costly. It's also takes a lot of permitting. So looking for these Mom and Pop operated motels that have unique futures, like the one we acquired, and we raised capital for. It was a 10.5 acre site in Eureka Springs. I'm actually sitting here right now as we speak, because we're going through all the construction of it, and we raised basically the capital for for the development, but we were able to negotiate with the owner, 70% seller finance, 5% interest only payments over five years, which means our monthly mortgage to the seller for a 60 unit hotel is only like 4000 bucks a month, which is crazy. My monthly mortgages for my Airbnbs were like seven eight grand, so we're paying half of that for 10x scale on a seller finance note. No bank involved. So there's a lot of these opportunities. Obviously, it's not like you're finding them in a day. It took me a good, decent size of underwriting and months to find these deals. But when you do find them, they're just really, really profitable. And again, you open up the scale when you're in a commercial asset to then have other revenue sources like the weddings. For example, here in this market, there's 4000 weddings a year, compared to Napa Valley, which has 1500 weddings, so almost more than twice the amount of weddings. So we're looking at developing the wedding venue with the YPO wedding venue fund. We're looking at the F and B, the food and beverage. We're looking at merch, right? I was looking, I spoke to the owner of this other hotel in Branson, Missouri. He was doing off of merch alone, $150,000 a year with 50% margins, so going the commercial route, and then looking at, like hotels, for example, where it's really a business, and you can buy these hotels as well with SBA loans, because they're considered a business. So you could do up to 90% loan to cost via an SBA loan to buy a hotel and even fund your construction cost. There's also the USDA loan for more rural locations, where they can also fund up to 90% loan to cost. So that's what I'm going all in on. Michael, he's more of just exactly like a capital raiser. He's not the operator. He's so he can go more into the weeds of raising capital and syndications, while I'm more focused on really operation side, the execution and the vision. And then through Michael, when I was he started teaching me how to raise capital, I was actually able to raise all this capital from both YPO and EO Entrepreneurs Organization, YPO, that's where most of my capital came from for the race, and we were fully funded in less than 60 days. We actually had a YPO guy that cut us a seven figure check within a week. So that, for me, was just like mind blowing, that you can actually do that.

Speaker  236362:40
It was Chris, do you own any real estate already? Or have you done real estate investing? Yeah, I'm doing it. I'm going on. I

Speaker  238394:40
sold my Amazon business in 21 and been doing single family residence. Um. I kind of like, at that inflection point now where it's like, I like the flexibility. I like kind of, you know, having that option of, like, selling it if I really need to, or if I need to, you know, cash out and upgrade or do something else with it. I like the flexibility, but the property management side of it, it's kind of a headache, like you said, you're, you know, 10 units of 10 different properties is 10 different, you know, 10x the problems too. So I'm kind of at a point where I do want to jump into the commercial side, which, you know, commercial, you know, asset I'm looking into is, is open for discussion. I've been looking more in, like, obviously, what's really high is, like, storage units RV parks, but I'm looking into, like light industrial. Kind of want to deal with a little bit more of a professional level of tenant, who you actually are, like business owners too, and understand where you're coming from, things like that. So kind of at that point I'm like, I do want to make the transition. I just don't know what asset class I'm most interested in. And then two, you know, curious, how you guys are like getting your deals, obviously, for capital you're doing, you know, different business network organizations, which is doing, well, how you guys actually like doing Legion for for actual assets? Is it off market?

Speaker  261296:00
Curious, yeah. So I think there what you just said. I want said, I want to touch on the management side, when you go bigger, and for example, this hotel deal right now, we're actually going to hire a full time GM, and we're sourcing from ex Marriott, ex Hilton, guys that are going to report to us. So on the management side, you think, Oh, you're, you're managing more units. It's a headache. When you get more scale, you can actually afford payroll versus because I did, I also had 12 Airbnb six all over spread out across South Florida. Now you don't have enough scale to have a full time GM there's not profitable, so you become kind of like that property manager, so you're actually buying a job, versus this, where you actually go and hire a full time GM that's done this before. They build the FMB, they build all these revenue sources. We're going to hire a sales and events course. Events Coordinator full time for the wedding side of things, so you have the scale, because these hotels can do a couple million dollars to actually have half a million worth of payroll. So that's one side of things. Is like, going bigger is actually better for, like, the payroll side of things, for the management and then how we're sourcing deals. Honestly, a ton of it was on market loop, net crazy and checking what was already there. The property we found had been listed for a couple months, and it was just digging into it. Because what you'll find is like you first need to define your Buy Box and your crystal clear criteria of what you want to buy. If you go looking at everything, it's going to be really hard to find a deal. But once you define what you want to do and on that, I think following your heart is also important. And Michael can tell you a little bit more about this, because his heart was not in multifamily. And when he started seeing the hotel side, the design, the vision, you just got to pick as well what works for you. I'm not telling you or telling you to go on the boutique hotels that might not be for you, if you like design, heavy experiential stuff, travel stuff that might be for you, but if it's not, and you want something like self storage, like you also need to follow your heart. And Mike, I can't tell you what asset class is good for you. Neither can Michael, but I think Michael did get a lot of learning lessons from from going to multifamily and now seeing like, hey, my heart's not here. I bought so many units in such a little amount of time. And maybe Michael, let's touch on that, because I think there was a big lessons from you there,

Speaker  296949:20
absolutely well. So the first thing I want to say is that that, you know, unfortunately, they're just too many ways to make money in real estate, and a lot of conventional wisdom says, just pick one and get really good at it. But I've gone pretty much the opposite route, and I've tried, you know, dozens of different kinds of real estate investing, and learned by sort of trial and error and and they all have their advantages and disadvantages. Like you mentioned that, you know, you it's kind of a headache to manage what you're already managing. Well, honing a hotel is probably 10 times more labor intensive than owning multifamily, right? So there's positives and negatives there, right? If you've ever considered being an LP, right? That's the most hands off way that you could possibly invest in real estate and still get most of the benefits. But if you, you know, want to be hands on and control the whole process, then, you know, you got to pick one way that appeals to you. I really got into multifamily just because it seemed like the next logical scale. I had already owned some duplexes. Why not do the commercial version? And it took, you know, three or four years before I kind of realized that this is just it doesn't make me happy inside. You know, our tenants treat the properties like crap, and we try like I'm not. I don't want to paint a picture like we're bad owners. We pump tons of money into trying to fix up these properties and provide them a nice. Place to live. And then, you know, you got crack heads and homeless people, and you know, we, we've had people drive their car through the walls. We've had shootings, everything you can possibly think of that's happened. And it all happens. And at the end of the day, the thing that appeals to me about what hacobo has started doing is that, one, there's a massive creative element involved. We're trying to create a property that's truly unique and special and has sort of the kind of amenities like this is a place where I'm so excited for the renovation to be done because I just want to spend a lot of time there. I'm so excited to see the property when it's finished, because I know that I would use everything that it has to offer. And that sort of fills me up creatively and makes me a proud owner. And you know, I think that multifamily in its current form, at least, if you're going to buy B and C class properties, you're going to get kicked in the teeth a lot. And, you know, it may be a class is for you, those don't always appreciate quite the same way, and they don't cash flow the same way, but they're very much more stable assets with a much higher tenant class, right? So there's really kind of no right answer here, but there is some trial and error involved in you sort of picking, you know, what's your goal right now? Is it, do I just need a bunch of tax write offs because then maybe multifamily is the best way are, you know, there's also oil and gas indications. There's so many things that you can, you know, invest in to get certain benefits over others. There's deals that are cash flow heavy, there's deals that are appreciation happy. And then there's deals that people don't even care if I make any money because I need a $50,000 write off right now, right? And so there's really kind of no wrong way to go there.

Speaker  346922:40
And I think Eric, Eric's on the call. Eric owns a pretty large GP fund as well. On on multi family. Eric, do you have any comments on the multi family side of things, as I know you're actively raising for a couple deals?

Speaker  351034:40
Yeah, yeah. I think Michael's right. You know, timing is everything too. You know, I think we're coming into a huge opportunity right now to get some of these multifamily units that were underwriting, you know, three, four years ago, with the interest rates, was a lot different than the underwriting currently. And I think some of the people, some of the deals showing up right now, and some of the horror stories are because, you know, they were getting into three, 4% interest rates, expected to refinance and pay their investors back. And now we're looking at six, you know, percent interest rates. Last year. They're even in the sevens, you know. So there's an opportunity right now, but, but, yeah, you know, it just, you know, if I think Michael hit it on the head too. It depends if you want to be an active investor or passive investor. That makes a huge difference. If you're going to be a passive investor, honestly, it probably doesn't matter what class you get into, as long as you trust the team that's operating it and that they're underwriting a sound but if you're going to be an active investor, then, yeah, you really got to have your Buy Box narrowed down, you know, how, how much, how active you want to be, you know, I'm, you know, currently, you know, doing all the capital raising, but, you know, I want to be more active, right? I want to take a much more active role with with the asset, and so that's something I'm kind of getting into and excited about, you know, because I don't like sitting on the sidelines too much. I like talking to people and raising money. But, you know, I feel like, like being pretty active. So that's something that, you know, I'm kind of thinking about right now, as well as my black box has changed a little bit. You know, the last two deals we did, we just closed out another one this this past week, actually, 23 and a half million dollar deal, you know, class B asset, beautiful property. But, you know, I have a pretty limited involvement in that. And you know, when I kind of get more active, so, you know, be looking at maybe some smaller deals where I don't have to raise as much, but I can take a more active role. That's kind of what I'm looking at doing. What kind of gets me excited for next year, you know?

Speaker  385664:00
And you're staying inside multifamily. Are you looking at any other asset classes? And are you buying what type of multifamily? Yeah.

Speaker  387968:00
So I mean, really, I still I like multifamily, because I know it, right? I understand it, especially where I live in Florida, affordable housing is a huge deal. There's a lot of incentives, you know, there's a tax, tax abatements, there's all kinds of different things that the cities and counties are doing to help make that more affordable. And analyze, really, you know, go up with those, you know, those tax incentives. So I think that's part of it, you know. I mean, if you live in an area where it's, you know, on the fringe of some of these, you know, cities, maybe urban areas, it's gonna be a lot tougher. You will get those, you know, those horror stories, I wouldn't anything, I don't think, and like, like, right around the city or inside of the city. Think it's pretty dangerous, especially if you go Class B or C, you know, those can be kind of dangerous, but, but, yeah, I mean, like, you know where I live, North Florida. I mean, the housing cost is very, very high. There's a lot of you know, the workforce housing that's really being incentivized by the city for, you know, teachers, firefighters, you know, all the typical people that can't afford a six, $700,000 house. You know, they need somewhere to rent, and they need good places to rent. And so, you know, like being a part of that, and I understand it, but I'm growing too. And so I think, you know, like Michael said, I'm not, I'm not, I don't have a good, a good, firm idea or firm vision of where I'm gonna go next, but I'm willing to grow and change and do things and kind of adjust, you know, with the market. So, you know, I've been looking at a couple storage facilities. That's another really big thing around here, obviously, with, you know, all the apartments and everything, I mean, people have, you know, live 15 minutes from the water, right? So there's a lot of people with boats, a lot of people's RVs, and so that's another opportunity that we've been kind of looking at and underwriting on some of that stuff. So kind of, you know, it's area specific, you know, I wouldn't say it's like a one size fits all for for Chris, you know, like, oh, yeah, that's where you need to be. But yeah, for me, I'm kind of still looking at and underwriting multifamily deals, just because I understand them a little bit better, and I'm very, very conservative on the underwriting as well, but but willing to look at other stuff, you know, definitely, and kind of branching out. That's just on a call yesterday, some some people that we know just network with, and, you know, sort of to build friendships with. They invest, invest in all kinds of stuff. They have the calls about investing in, like, yachts, right? Like these, Kat Airbnb type, you know, yachts where they own several throughout, I think, the Virgin Islands. They have a couple out there. But anyway, they rent these things out, you know, it's an interesting concept, you know, and they do pretty well with them. But anyway, yeah, just stuff like that, just kind of seeing what, what people are doing. And, you know, some really creative people out there, you know, I love what you're doing as your Cobo with, you know that that property, it looks pretty cool, but kind of been following you on that. It's neat. You know, it's taking something having a vision, and then, you know, really seeing that being executed is pretty cool. So that kind of interesting to me as well.

Speaker  440101:20
Awesome. Eric, how long have you been raising capital?

Speaker  441301:20
Just over a year now. So started into, I guess, last September. You know, we had been, me and my brother partnered up on doing that. So, you know, we both kind of were smaller scale, you know, single family, small multifamily stuff like duplex, the quaplexes and stuff like that. But really got into the bigger units last year, late last year, September, October, last year, and yeah, so, you know, I'm just using my network, and I've been in real estate for a while, do some some lending, you know, and stuff for investors, but so then just tapping into a little bit of that network. And, you know, I see some of their challenges, right, with stuff like taxes, like house flippers, my gosh, they pay a ton of taxes, and have no understanding of, you know how to protect that money, right? They just, they just pay a ton of taxes. And I go, this is part of the business. So anyway, it's all kind of an opportunity there to help some folks out that we know. And my brother's been really pushing me to get into larger multifamily stuff for a while. And finally, you know, I guess last year, kind of took the plunge and start our business, and started networking, building relationships, and, yeah, so anyway, you know, did two really good sized deals this year, great teams, you know, super excited. Learned a lot working with them and raising capital for them. But, you know, still pretty, fairly new, you know, like, I know Michael said he's, I think Kat been doing since around 2022, so, yeah, that's, you know, a couple more years than I've got. So yeah, got got a lot to learn, but, you know, just

Speaker  467200:00
perfect timing to get into maybe the capital raising fundamentals and how things have changed. I know Michael started raising capital A couple years ago, and he was raising millions easily, and how the landscape has changed. And I know Michael, you've adjusted your capital raising framework from LinkedIn and ads and having a funnel and like actually going massive, to more one on one and more inside networking groups and really building relationships. So maybe we can talk about how you're how you started with the capital raising, and how your frameworks kind of been adapted to more of the recent times, and how raising capital has has changed throughout the last couple years.

Speaker  476842:40
Yeah, well, so that's exactly the reason I wanted to ask Eric that question. Because when I started raising capital in, you know, 2021 call it, i. It was the covid Boom, right? Real estate was going crazy. You know, rents were going up 30% year over year all across the country. Inflation was super high, and everybody who had money was just so eager to throw it into multifamily deals. And a lot of people thought, what could ever go wrong? What could ever change, right? And so I think in the first six months of 2022 I raised about $10 million and then July 2022 happened, and everybody's interest rates went from three to six overnight. And the environment is very, very different. Now the last two years for capital raising, comparatively to those first two years have felt a little bit like nails on a chalkboard. But I want to preface that by saying multifamily is much harder to raise capital for than it used to be. That doesn't mean that raising capital is impossible, but if you have an interesting asset or a good deal or a good story, it's much, easier than if you just say, Oh, I have another multifamily deal. It's another 2x in five years. And you know, there's a ton of investors out there right now who have a really bad taste in their mouth. They've been LPs and in a lot of deals that have gone sideways. And you know, they're nervous that they'll never get their money back, and or, you know, maybe, God forbid, you know, the operators got foreclosed on. So there's a lot of people right now who are really turned off from multifamily, and I will counterpoint that with the fact that this deal that you and I bought hacobo had such a good story and such a unique proposition and in such a good pitch that raising capital for it like, do you know, I literally woke up one morning and I answered a random phone call, and that turned into 50k and I didn't know who was calling me and like that. That kind of stuff was happening, and it felt like the good old days, again, a little bit for me. So these things do come and go in cycles. Now, as far as the foundations of capital raising, well, if you've never done it before, you're pretty much 99% of the time your first deal or two, you're going to go friends, family and co workers, and you're going to do what's called a, 506 B syndication. So for anyone who doesn't know, that means that a 506 B means you can take money from whoever you want, but you cannot advertise the deal. You have to have a pre existing relationship with any of the people who invest in your deal, versus a 506 C, which means you could blast it out to the world, but the only people who can invest in your deal have to be accredited investors. And there's kind of a natural progression that tends to happen with a lot of syndicators and a lot of fund managers. Where you start out with the b You've never raised capital before. You know, you go to your friends, you go to your family, you go to your co workers, and you say, Hey, I've got this deal. I'd like to raise some money for it. And, you know, you scrap together whatever money you can, but you quickly realize that that is not a well that is going to be full forever, and probably after a deal or two, you know, maybe your uncle had 50k to invest one time, and now he's out because he gave it to you already. So you need to actually develop systems and marketing and lead gen, and have some sort of process in place for attracting new investors, ideally accredited only, because what you want to target is the kind of people who can reinvest in your deal, ideally multiple times per year, or going to have money on Deck The next time you have a deal. And so as far as the progression that I went through, it was pretty similar in that. So, you know, we did the friends and family thing, and then we started doing accredited only, meaning, now we could actually advertise, and we ran Facebook ads, and that was really effective for us. But that's only half the battle, right? Because first you got to get the lead, then you actually have to sell them the deal. That's a whole different story. But you know, over the course of three to four years, we have over 130 people who've invested on our deals, and now, as time goes on, I want to shift away from that sort of wide net model into, let's get three guys who can invest a million dollars each, and then you maybe you don't even need to syndicate it. Maybe you could just do a joint venture. But that is, that is the future of where you want to eventually get to. And

Speaker  553989:20
I think that's where I went directly. And it ended up just working like that for our deal. I didn't have to run any ads. And basically, if I want to talk a little bit about like the funnel, because I think that was really important on how this deal we funded so quickly. And I think I was looking at like the framework that I did, because we didn't, I didn't really have it built out. But. Really worked well was first I did a video, and it was like a two minute Instagram reel where I walked the property and then with our marketing manager, using AI, we basically built this video showing the whole vision on the property and showing what we wanted to build. So it was really easy for somebody to first see that, instead of sending them like this long deck, like I see these people raising capital from all these multi family projects, and the first thing they do is they send this 30 deck slide with all this information, and it's just overwhelming, like you want to get them interested in your deal first and the story. And if you look at that video, it's on my Instagram. I didn't mention any numbers. It was just on the vision. And basically what it focused on is what we're buying, why it's so cool, and why now is the perfect timing. The why now is very important. You want to show that you're right. Now is the perfect time for what you're doing. And what we tapped into is the wellness industry. It's growing 36% year over year. I think it's at 2 trillion now and projected to be like 8 trillion by 2027 so huge growth, and it's easy for an investor to digest the story, your why and your thesis from that two minute video they got access if they were interested, to learn more, a one pager on the deal with some financial Information, if they were interested, from there on, seeing more of the sources and uses the debt stack, how it was being modeled out underwriting. Then they had a longer deck. And after that, if they really, if they wanted to finally pursue that, they booked a call with me. Michael and I had also recorded a YouTube webinar. So as soon as they booked the call on my calendar. Calendly, it sent them a YouTube video with the 45 minute webinar we had recorded going over the deal. They had to watch it prior to getting on the call. By the time they were on the call, they either had questions to clarify or they were ready to invest so it kind of went like this funnel, and it made it super easy, because by the time I was getting on these calls, most of them were ready to invest. And at the start, I went the friends and family route. That got us up to a million. But then from there, the deal got funded in less than a week. Via, like Michael said, these big whales that come in and write a seven figure check, and they don't go, they don't hesitate. They either like your deal and they're these Tiger 21 YPO guys. They're the serious guys like they either like your deal and are willing to invest. They're not tire kickers, because I did encounter that with a lot of people. Kept me on for weeks, emails back and forth, and they're like the people that keep you they're not cold, they're not warm, they're just there. They're not there. They keep sucking your time and asking 300 questions, and those are your 15 100k check writers, which are the most annoying people on Earth. Your big seven figure check writers. They they read you on a call, and they either like you and invest with you, and they don't need the underwriting, because a lot of them even said, I know you can grab an Excel spreadsheet and you can make any number work. Ultimately, they read you. They read your story, and your story is just as important, or even more important for them. A lot of them, when I got on the call, they're like, listen, let's not talk about the call. Tell me about you, your Amazon days, how that connected to my Airbnb days, using the systems that I use to scale the Econ business to seven figures, how I then implemented those strategies to Airbnb and why now I was investing in boutique hotels. They wanted to see that the story, the why, why I was doing this, and why now was the perfect time. They wanted to get to know me as a person. They were more interested about my story more than anything. And I think that was one of my huge learning lessons is, don't jump straight and talk business. Like, first find a point, point of commonality between them. Hey, your YPO, oh, my friend, this is in YPO, cool. Like, where are you in and, like, get some background information on them as well. Like, why are you interested? Another question that was really useful before even getting into pitching was, why are you on this call today, and why are you interested on investing on this deal today? And that would give me insight on, was it tax benefits? Was it cash flow they were looking for? So I could tailor my pitch for each of them, because first, I was always getting on a call, and I wanted to pitch, pitch, pitch, thinking everybody was the same, but you want to target and tailor your pitch to each individual, and that, I think, was, like, if I was going to digest into like, what I learned throughout this process and raising capital, I think that was my biggest lessons. And I think Michael can add some more on that, and then we can open it up for questions.

Speaker  633493:20
So yeah, I'm assuming this is, sorry, see

Speaker  634437:20
this one? Yes, I went straight for 560 because I was like, everybody in my network is accredited, and I just want to go on social media immediately and be able to email people and in my email list, and I have two investors, I don't know who they are, where they came from, and from an email blast, I basically went in and downloaded everybody that was on my email list using this soft. Were, I downloaded all everybody I had been in touch with from my email list for years, and I email blasted them, and from there, I think I raised like 100 grand. And till this date, two of them I never even went on a call with through the webinar and all this that I told you, they committed without even getting on a call with me. And I don't know who they are, so

Speaker  645376:00
that's unusual, though. It's very unusual, but it's a result of good systems. Yeah, I just want to add that, like, if you're putting yourself in the shoes of an LP, and you think about the psychology of the LP, right? They are the passive investor. They basically have control over three things, and that's it. So they have control over the asset class, and then once they pick the asset class, then they choose the market, right? So they maybe want to invest in one specific market over another, and then they have control over who the operator is, and that's it. So those three things are so paramount to, you know, making sure that it's all locked in in order to get an LP feeling comfortable in investing with you. Because at the end of the day, they're really betting on the jockey more than the horse, right? A good operator can take a mediocre deal and make it run, but a bad operator can take a great deal and ruin it, and you're the one who you know you have to make sure that they're aligned with your values conversely as well, because, like Ibo mentioned, there, there are some LPS where you don't want their money. In fact, there was one on this deal that we ended up not taking her money because we could just tell it was going to be such a headache and such a nightmare, and it really wasn't worth it at the end of the day, because you're kind of getting into a five year marriage, if you were thinking about it, most of these deals last five years, right? And so things happen all the time. I mentioned some of you know my horror stories earlier, right? And you want to make sure that your operator, when something ultimately happens, that's the kind of person who's going to make the right decision with your money, and you want to be that person, obviously, for your LPs.

Speaker  673968:00
Is anybody else raising capital here thinking of raising capital, interested in syndication and raising capital? Or where are you guys at in your investment journey? Or are you guys looking at this more from an LP perspective, passive investment or active investment. Do you guys want to set up your own funds? I want to maybe just read the room. I know Eric is, but I don't know if Travis is thinking about this rich Pete, Chris,

Speaker  681685:20
I'll jump in. Yeah. I mean, it's interesting. I've been doing the single family homes, conversion. Take a co living conversion thing, primarily the last two years, you know, I bought 12 houses this year. Really cranking. I got, like, eight things, eight houses under renovations the moment. And I am currently in talks of putting in a loi, right? So we're in discussions around a an eight Plex that, I mean, their numbers are just a treasures, and their cap rate they're asking for is literally, like, 2% so, but they're, you know, the biggest thing is they have undeveloped land. I could, probably, I could, technically, according to the city I've already met with, the city, I can develop 10 more units on the property. So trying to, you know, look at how can i sub potentially sub to their current mortgage, which is about 840,000 and roughly six, I'm assuming around 6% based on when they be fired, and getting a seller to carry 100% of the remainder, I mean, but they want an unreasonable rate, you know, 10 plus percent, you know, but because of the way that I intend, what I plan to do with the property, as far as, like, adding additional rooms, flipping it over to more mill commercial co living thing, I mean, it still makes a lot of sense. Currently, my plan is just to Well, obviously, if I can structure that, it would be no money out of pocket, besides having to go on and do renovations. So I'm curious, though, when you if beyond that, I would then be looking to raise money, or, honestly, I don't know, I don't know why we just go to the bank as far as building construction loans or build out the other 10 units. So I guess my questions would really be around, like a lot of these deals you're looking at, why go the route of raising the private capital versus going the traditional route and, you know, going to like a bank or, you know, you mentioned SBA loans, you get 90% things like that.

Speaker  713445:20
Well, on this deal, we needed $3 million in equity. So, and that's pure equity. So you know, on different deals, it might make sense in other situations, especially if you're just doing it yourself. You don't want to syndicate, right? But for the scale and and this deal, by the way, is relatively small compared to most of the deals I've done, which are like a 6 million. Million, $7 million raises. So at that point, you know, unless you got 6 million cash lying around, I don't know about you guys, but I'm not quite there yet. You know, raising capital tends to be the only option. And there are some alternatives, right, which are like, preferred equity is kind of a good in between. And then, you know, bank usually 70% leverage is ideal, some prep equity, and then you still got to go out of pocket some but it just really depends on each individual deal and how you approach it. I guess,

Speaker  730101:20
if you don't need a race, then don't raise and if that's a deal where you can do a seller carry SBA loan, plus a seller carry back, and then you're not into the deal for anything except for closing costs. And by all means, do it. But at some point, or with some deal, it comes to a point where you just can't do them yourself. You need to pull capital. It would be just like any question, like you're starting a business, and like, if you want to grow your Amazon store, and you can self fund it or get an Amazon loan, you can do that. Let's say now you want to go D to C, and you need million or something to keep developing the product line. Then you might do investors, or you might sell a piece of your equity from your business. So it's it's not for everybody, and it's not for every deal, and it just when you need it. It's an extra tool to grow your real estate portfolio, because if you use only your own cash, at some point you're going to have to stop buying. And for me, I'm 100% in real estate. I have nothing else aside my I don't have an Amazon. I don't have anything else. So it's either buying a deal every couple years and just waiting and then selling or actively raising capital and doing more of these deals?

Speaker  748074:40
Yeah, I mean, I mean, it totally makes sense, like on what you did, because you're, you couldn't just look at a currently existing noi, right? You're, you're looking at a a vision noi, and you're not, I mean, that you have to have outside capital. You're not gonna get a bank to go bet on you to the same extent. But like, if you're going and buying something, that's like an already active noi, you know, that changes it. I guess you still are going to have to come out with if you're buying multifamily, at least 30% is probably what you you've been seeing Michael in your prior

Speaker  757248:00
projects. I mean, it's even lower now the banks are so hard to work with, and sometimes you have to buy down your interest rate. You know, everything you can possibly do to avoid working with a bank right now, I would actually recommend doing. And you know, hacobo found this deal in Arkansas, and the fact that we were able to negotiate 100% seller financing and get such a low interest rate as well. I mean, it really just kind of makes it a no brainer. I would say that if you have a really strong relationship with a local bank, and you've already done a bunch of deals with them, then that's totally different situation. And if they'll lend you cheap money, go for it. There cool.

Speaker  768816:00
Also, difference between a lending and raising capital is the loan you got to pay regardless, and if interest rates are high and you have a huge monthly mortgage and you can't make it, they're going to foreclose, versus raising equity. It's preferred in most cases, which means it's going to accrue. And if you're not able to make the disbursement to investors, it just keeps accruing until you're able to pay it, until you refi or exit, so you're not put into that crunch like right now. Our only risk of default is the 4k monthly payment to the seller. But imagine if I would, if I would have gone out for a total project cost is going to end up at 3.4 million. So imagine I would have gone out for a $3.4 million loan and a 90% LTC. Now, what's that going to be? A month in mortgage and our carrying cost, if we're going to shut down for six, seven months in renovations, we're looking at potentially how much in just carrying cost alone while we're doing this project, and then while we stabilize the asset and bring the NOI where we need it to be to pay the mortgage, it might be a year. So we're looking at half a million or more of payment that are going to come out. If you don't raise them, you're going to have to have that cash to hold the carrying cost. So it's not only the acquisition cost that you get to consider. It's what are going to be the carrying cost? And do I have the money to pay those carrying costs? Because they can be significant, right? So that's just another thing to consider.

Speaker  792085:20
There's, there's another great point in there too, Travis, and I like that you're already thinking the commercial route, and I think that you will ultimately enjoy that much more when you see, you know, noi values, but you have, you know, if you buy a duplex and you're on the hook for, you know, 70% levered, and you have one vacancy, and then you're 50% occupied, you know, you're going to have to come out of pocket. Chances are really good. But with 10 units, that percentage gets smaller and smaller, and with 100 Units. You know, one vacancy is only 1% of your total occupancy, so there's a lot of security at the scale.

Speaker  802592:00
Yeah, for sure. Thanks, guys. I'll let somebody else go. Yep.

Speaker  803632:00
All right, guys, I think we have only a couple minutes left before we wrap up. So if anybody wants to jump in, any final questions, closing comments, feel free to just jump in and fire away.

Speaker  806965:20
I was gonna just say something too about, you know, the borrowing money, raising capital, is, you know, something that, especially on these bigger projects, you know, not just anybody can be a loan guarantor, right? So Travis, so you know, if you're looking at a bigger deal, let's say the bank would loan you a significant portion. You got to have a lot of liquidity for these banks a lot of times to lend that money. So $10 million deal, that's just easy numbers. You're gonna have to, you know, come up with 3 million. But then that bank's going to want to see probably 10% liquidity in the bank, also just by somebody so they make sure that they can get their payments and everything. So you're going to look at, you going to look at, you know, need five, $600,000 in the bank. So somebody's got to have that sitting around that, you know, that can kind of guarantee the loan and be a sponsor, so to speak. And that's something that, you know, I'm actively looking for as well, kind of being in my network for some of these deals that we want to look at is, you know, who, who are my key sponsors, and who can, you know, who has some of that liquidity that we can do some of these deals without doing, you know, going out and doing huge syndications, because some of it, I think we could raise in the house. But anyway, that was just food for thought. Also, it's just that

Speaker  825605:20
loan, Eric, it might be Travis. Looks like Travis is the loaded guy here. Maybe. Yeah, he's like, why waste capital? Guys, aren't you guys all sitting on millions to do these deals?

Speaker  830202:40
Yeah, true Travis is my new best friend.

Speaker  831898:40
Yeah, that is a really good point. Though, if you want to buy, you know, like a 60 unit multifamily and you've never done it before, it's not just the liquidity. Usually, when you're going to get, like, a multifamily loan, it's a minimum of one year's worth of mortgage payments that they want to see in liquidity. But also, the GP team needs to have a net worth in excess of the value of the loan, right? So if you've never bought in a multi family, and you're not worth let's say you want to buy, you know, $5 million property, and you want to borrow $4 million but you've never bought any sort of multi family before, they're going to need to see one year's worth of mortgage payments, $4 million of net worth. And typically, that alone is not enough. They're also going to want to know that somebody on the GP team has the kind of experience level to act as the key sponsor and has the real estate schedule to make it feel safe for them. And they'll do all sorts of stuff. You know, they'll they'll basically change the interest rate on you at the closing table. So you never really know what you're going to get with these banks. It's happened to me a number of times. We've had one one deal. We had 11 banks say no to us mid construction. So in my personal opinion, you know, the the longer, avoid the banks. Yeah, avoid the banks.

Speaker  854405:20
But send more seller finance offers. There's tons of offers or deals on market that if you they've sat on market for a while is because they're not getting the price they want. So try and get them the price they want, but offer seller finance terms. So meet them at their price, but you put your terms. Find something that's going to work, low interest rate, long, interest only, payments. And you could probably find a lot of these deals that have sat on market, that you can acquire on a seller finance. So that's another thing there to maybe look at.

Speaker  862090:40
Yeah, I want to jump in and just say, Michael, thank you. I learned a lot. Just listen to the call. I have 1010, single family homes, a lot of them, I bought without banks, just doing subject to so it sounds like what you guys are recommending is just buying without banks, but on a larger scale, the economies of scale of a commercial property. So yeah, I appreciate all the knowledge.

Speaker  868943:59
It's also not impossible, if you guys are familiar with the burr strategy, the the David Green buy rent or rehab, it's not impossible to do with commercial scale either. You know, if you could raise enough money to buy a really big property, cash and then refi at a certain point, and you can cash out big time

Speaker  874581:20
with our deal, we could go and refi probably a year down the line, as soon as we a year two, even, but we would lose the the seller finance note. We don't want that, but we could go year two refi out and then cash out and even pull equity out. We could return all investor capital and walk away with our GP promote by year two, because we. Bought at such a low price. So we bought, just for context, we bought 60 units for $1.2 million on a 70% seller. Finance, five, 6% interest only payments, which is crazy like you're I was buying single family homes in Florida for a million. So I had these limiting beliefs in my mind that commercially, I don't have the money to buy it, or they must be huge dollar wise amounts. But when you just take that out of your head, and a book that really helped me was what it takes, by Stephen Schwartz, the Blackstone or Blackrock guy. He just talked about, he was the one that did the first $1 billion fund, and he talks about, it takes just as much energy to do something small than it does something big. So just think bigger and and don't limit yourself, because there's just a lot more opportunity. You can bring a lot more partners, if you get more investors, and you can have more people involved, pay salaries and pay a team. So think that's been the biggest learning lesson for me, right?

Speaker  895210:40
But something else I do want to mention, though, and this is a crazy topic to bring up with two minutes left, but I'm really, really big on lifestyle design. So like Ibo mentioned, I actually spent a year traveling around the world, working fully remote, and I still raise money that year, right? But the consideration that you need to make in is like, what point in your life are you and and how much do you actually want to take on right now? Right? Because at a certain point, maybe just investing all your money passively makes much more sense than taking on a new job, or, you know, trying a new asset class and trying to manage it when learning something all over for the first time. So it's really just a question of how much money do you need to be making right now, and how do you want to make

Speaker  906581:20
it all right? Well, thanks guys. We will try and keep bringing as much value as we can on these calls, so hopefully we'll see you guys around for the next one. And if anybody has any questions, if you want to reach out to Michael, I'm happy to link you guys all up directly, provide their info. June, great timing, my man, great timing, just for the goodbye. So June power, he shows

Speaker  912448:00
up just to say, goodbye,

Speaker  912864:00
my man, I'm very sorry. Yeah, we'll have a much larger presence on the next one.

Speaker  915008:00
Awesome guys. Thank you. Guys. Appreciate it. Thank.
