Mogul Call with Dorian Gorski
Date: July 23, 2025

Speaker  640:00
Hey guys, welcome to the mobile call. Sorry, we're gonna have to postpone the call with Leo. But fortunately, Dorian has taken this call same day, and he after I emailed him, he immediately said, you had some cool stuff to share. Is that

Speaker  4400:00
right? Yeah, yeah. Always putting me on the spot, Jamie, but this time, I had something that was, I think, worth sharing,

Speaker  6981:20
awesome, right? So do we want to do the Kat flow, scraper Demo, demo first? Or did you want to go into some other stuff first?

Speaker  8901:20
I have a slide show and we'll go through some the software, but I think the main let me just share my screen and tell you a little bit about what we're going to talk about today. Am I allowed to share a screen? Let me just jump into that. Yep. Okay. So as you guys know, AI is still a very hot topic, and I want to talk to you about AI powered CEO. So that's the title of a project of the of the presentation, and it's to show you some of the automations and hacks that I have developed in the recent weeks to help me manage two businesses ready and to save a ton of time, a ton of time. You know, there's a lot of chatter about, you know, all these latest tools, automations, like an eight and cloud. The confusion is insane, right? Every single week there's a new tool that was supposed to save you time. And at the end, sometimes I feel like there's, you know, actually, it's taking way too much of my time, because I'm scrolling YouTube, finding, trying to find the, the best, latest thing that's going to help me save hours. And I'll show you what I actually found that works for me. And, you know, things that helped me brief my team within 30 minutes, catch up on emails in 10 minutes, and then have the rest of the day to serve or, you know, do something else, or work on work on stuff that actually matters. Because what I found a lot of people that business owners would jump from task to task, communication, different tools, and that's really taken a lot of time and taking a lot of focus away from the things that matter. So just before I jumped into I want to tell you a little bit about myself, because everyone knows me now these days, from the tools and the AI stuff, I'm actually running a creative agency. I've been running a creative agency for 1112, years now, and we, you know, we've been developing listings, brands, conversion optimization, click through optimization. That's the core of the business. Ai really came out of the frustrations and the things, trying to automate a lot of things, and, you know, running a big team. So that's my background. Actually, my background is a creative director and creative agency owner, and that's that really matters when it comes to what I'm going to say today. So imagine, most of you probably have teams or a lot of projects and stuff running during the day, right? Yeah, you might have multiple apps, like Gmail, Calendar. Notion, all of us have multiple apps, and you know, a lot of times we just jump from one to another and trying to move things around from one app to another. Information gets missed. We jump on a call, then we have to brief we have to brief someone else about the call, and we have to move the information from one place to another, pull information, find that spreadsheet. And that takes a lot of lot of time, guys a lot. So before that was me just juggling all of these apps and trying to brief my team. And this is me now in Spain, trying enjoying, enjoying the sun. So the first issue, really, I had was the morning briefings. And a lot of times, you know, you might find yourself in the same position you wake up and you're like, Oh, I got so much stuff. You know, there's a ton of emails that I need to reply. My team left me a ton of messages. I need to find this. This person is confused about that, and like you, spend two three hours just catching up and making sure that the wheel is turning right. It's all about the the turning of the wheel. And that took, that used to take me a lot of time. I used to, I would spend two, three hours just catching up and seeing like, okay, what are we actually doing? Where's that information? Who needs? What am I the bottleneck? And that's the first issue that I tried to try to solve, and the way I solved it, really, is by building my own just with simple Claude project, my morning briefing routine, my project in Claude, and we'll talk about this. And this literally has all information about my business. It has all my priorities. It has all the information about my team. And I'll just start my morning briefing. Just say, start my morning briefing, and it's going to read through my email, it's going to go through my calendar, it's going to go through. Click up, see and then it's going to create a briefing based on what's important to me and to my team, right? So I have section one, critical project status overview, so I can see, okay, today we have a mobile call webinar. And you know, I know what I have to do, what's important for me to do, and what other task I need to I need to pass on to the team or information, daily planning and time protection. You know, personal stuff also matters, so I'm working on that. And what I really like about the stuff I build, it's constantly improving. So what I'm doing is, at the end of each day, I usually have like, a set of questions is like, how can I improve certain things that repeat themselves? Can I automate certain things? Right? Because the worst thing you can do is go through this process and just leave it. It's all about improving, improving this process. And I'm using Cloud simply because it allows me to, you know, connect the app to multiple connectors. They keep adding them so you can, you know, you can connect it to Asana, Gmail, Google Drive, just with a simple click of a button. And with that, it will have access to your entire, you know, a list of softwares that you're using. These are the connectors that are actually right now, available in cloud. But you can also connect other, a ton of different things that you're using that are not on this, on this list,

Speaker  104501:20
Slack, you can connect right?

Speaker  105157:20
I think that that one is you have to connect manually. I'm going to go through that and show you guys how to how to do it well. Also like, about cloud projects, I have multiple projects running, right? I have even here, like VAT, return, Kepler app, you know, projects I'm working on. So whatever I'm doing, whatever projects I'm working on, I always put this into the cloud projects, because it's so much easier for me than to go back and if I have to do the same thing again, and how to do it manually, there's no like I have to train the app. I have to train on what matters, how to do it. So daily briefing. Kat bla up, and I'll show you example. So this is for example, Project knowledge when I'm working on Kepler app, right? This is what the project knowledge looks like. So whatever I'm I'm doing, I'm just adding the knowledge to the project. So it has access to the app description, goals, it has access to, you know, certain things that matter to me when creating code. There's something there. It has even access to GitHub, right? So it knows the entire code of the app. So when I'm working on the app, it has access to it. So whenever I'm thinking, Okay, I have an idea for a new feature, right? Have a new idea for a new feature, I just simply put it there, and Cloud has already access to everything that I've been working before. And if I develop something new, or come up with new, different strategies. I usually put it in the knowledge. Another good example is, we work on a lot of supplements, right? So there's a lot of content planning in terms of supplements. That's another project I have in the in cloud, and I can add a lot of knowledge there. For example, the one thing that always annoyed me was the compliance right in terms of supplements, there's always you have to check copy for compliance. Right in terms of content planning, just put it in the, you know, put it in the in the knowledge. Next time you put the content plan, or you're working on a new listing, the app will know that to check it for compliance or anything else, anything brand related, anything that matters, and, you know, a mistake that repeats itself, put it in the knowledge. So that's why I like Cloud projects, and I have multiple of them running, and I'm just adding the knowledge constantly. And as I said, it has access to all the apps. So anything, you know, if I want to put it, put a if I'm creating a content plan and I want to assign it to someone within the team, I just simply, you know, put creates the content plan, it checks for the compliance, and then I can simply add it to click up with the message to my team. And this takes about five to 10 minutes. So that's cloud projects. In terms of personal cloud Assistant, what I showed you guys in terms of the morning briefings, this is a really useful task in the morning that I go through. And what I did here that you guys will have access to, I created this little brochure for you if it's going to open? So What? What? So the missed right, overwhelmed by emails and messages team waiting for your inputs, scattered business metrics, reactive decision making. So that's all this is where we find ourselves, like going through all this personal time, constantly interrupted feeling and you feeling like a bottle, like that's the. Biggest, biggest one. So with this simple exercise I put, I put a little description here and a little prompt here. If you put this in a blank scene, a blank screen, oh, sorry. Anybody else? Okay? Okay, I don't think I'm showing okay. So thank you. So you guys have access to this little brochure right, which goes through just, just the stuff that help, will help you with the morning briefing, using using Claude. So I put a little prompt here. You simply put this prompt into your Claude. It's going to ask you a certain questions about your business, about your priorities about the apps you use everything that the app needs to know in order to create your morning briefings and then help you automate some of the tasks that are that repeat themselves. And then also every single day, it's going to ask you about the the things that you could potentially improve the date the day after or the day after. So you simply run this prompt through cloud. So if I go here, simply run this prompt through cloud, right? It's going to ask you a set of questions. Add everything that's relevant to your business, everything that you think you can think of, add to it, and then simply go to projects and then create a new project, right? And then let's call this a personal assistant, and helps me with daily briefing, or whatever you want this to be named. And then what you can do here is you can add the add the text content. So this is the system, system knowledge, right? Or whatever is like goes and you, whatever, the whatever you get generated by the prompt. Just put it here. So the next time you start the morning briefing, it will know exactly what type type of apps to go through, what types of information to search for, what are your priorities in the business, and anything else that's relevant. And if you feel like, okay, you know it's doing okay, but I need to train it to, you know, pay attention. Pay attention to certain things or avoid certain things. You just keep adding the knowledge. You just keep adding the knowledge, like, for example, avoid, I don't know. You know certain things like avoid, I don't know, replying to certain messages or giving me newsletters, anything that's not relevant, that doesn't matter to you. And by by going through the simple, you know, exercise every day. Just start your morning briefing. It's gonna tell you exactly what you know, what what matters to you during the you know, during the day. It's gonna check what happened yesterday. It's gonna go through the all the apps, any connected spreadsheet, anything you know. You can connect your spreadsheet. You can connect any other apps here. As you can see, I have multiple apps connected, even figma, Slack, notion, click up. Everything here is connected. So it's good if I ask it to do something like pull a spreadsheet, check revenue, check how many users we have, check feedback from from our clients, and set up a task in Asana or click up. I can do everything from the simple window in the morning, I don't have to touch any other app. And how great is that? Like?

Speaker  215925:20
Will it update your like? If you finish it, if you finish Can you close the task there and then we'll close it in click up as well, or not? Yeah.

Speaker  218741:20
So one app connected to everything, knowing all my goals, everything, I don't touch any other app in the morning. This is my simple morning briefing. I don't have to, like, go through emails, I don't have to go through click up. I don't have to search for certain things. Everything is done from here. So that's one thing that really saved my time in terms of morning briefings. Let's go back to our keynote so you can, you can you can see the you have linked to this personal cloud assistant here. The another thing is that already Jamie mentioned if the app is not in, if it's not in cloud. I have a little video here that I'm also going to share. I'm not going to go for this very in depth, but it's going to show you how to connect certain other apps and certain other apps or certain other things to cloud. So if there's a certain workflow or something that's not not within Cloud, you can, you can simply connect, you can simply connect the different apps to cloud, or different, you know, different assistance to cloud that will have access to your your data. So this is if something. Not connected if the connection is not available in cloud. The second issue project management, right? So I have my morning briefing. I know exactly. Okay, what's the goal? The team knows what to do. But sometimes you need to jump into project, like jump into project or make sure that every single project that you currently working on the team is brief, there's information there. I personally found myself a lot of times being a bottleneck, because I'm usually, I'm usually the one having the important, important conversations, whether this is a client or some stakeholders. And a lot of times I'm I need to pass the information to the team and the team, you know, a lot of times the team doesn't have certain information, or they need some clarification. So I am the bottleneck, usually, and I want them to be, you know, working without waiting for me. So the one thing that really, is truly amazing is click up. Click up is we completely stop using slack. We completely stop, stop using other, um, Asana, or other things. We usually more we only work in click up. And why? Because we have, you know, we have everyone here. And what also, I can do, if there's a messaging click up or there's something happening, I simply just click, I can simply click on, create a task, AI, from from the conversation. I can click one button and say, create a task from that from that conversation. It might ask me a couple of, you know, prompt questions that just to clarify. But with a simple button, I don't have to go back and forward. I can create the task and click up from a conversation that we had, or, you know, my my designer had with the client. In this specific example, there was a conversation between the client and my designer and I was able to with a simple click of a button. Yes, that makes sense. Let's create a task from that. Another thing that we also do, you know, a lot of times you guys have, you know, conversations like calls between each other, or something happens in the call that's really important. I always, I always use the transcript. So whenever we have a transcript from zoom call, or whether this is Google meet, and I put it in Claude, and I said, just attach it to this click up. Attach this conversation to the click up project. So if we're working on a project, in this case, the entire conversation is there, because what happens there? If you know if certain information was there in terms of revision or something's happening, I can then, simply, from Claude view, say, you know, make, create a task from that, you know, if my team has a question regarding certain revisions or something that happened, they can simply also ask Claude or click up please clarify that, and They have access to the information relevant from that call with the client or stakeholder. Obviously, if there's some information that you know is delicate, just remove it. But every single call I'm having we have in between team, we always put it in cloud projects. Why? Because then AI has access to it and it knows exactly how the project is progressing. So the progression of every single project. Like, what have we done a week ago? What have we done yesterday? What did we talk about? Do we miss something important a lot of times, you know, it's a simple message from from your teams, like, do you remember that one thing that we mentioned that we were supposed to do? It's all here. It's all here for

Speaker  298917:20
calls that you're not on, right? So then you can you, you can find out if something important was discussed. That's another thing. Just connect to zoom and get the recordings off zoom, or is it doing like Fathom or something, or,

Speaker  301818:39
yeah, from zoom. Trans transcripts, simple transcripts, you can connect to, actually, Claude can pull the transcripts directly from zoom, and it can upload it straight to click up. So if a team has a question, or I have a question and want to see what was discussed, everything is in click up. So keep adding those transcripts, because, as you guys know, not all conversations happen on Slack or click up. A lot of times it's just simple zoom call. So keep all the info. Just stack up the information. The more information you guys have on whatever you guys working on, the easier it will be to manage those projects for you or your team. So that's another thing that really saved a lot of time. So if there's a bottleneck, I just simply say they can directly go there. Another great thing that clickup came up with is this another AI app. It's called brain. So brain is a little bit like claw, the chat, GPT, but this is really great for task management also. So if you're using click up, this little app that comes with click up, it has, again, access to everything from zoom, Slack, Google Drive, GitHub. Figma and click up. It has access to all those models. So a lot of times, if, if I'm working on, if I'm diving into, click specifically, click up and seeing what's what's happening, I can do this from, from this view. So you can see, like, for example, let's say today. I think that was today. I just, you know, I just simply assign tasks from, from this point of view, also, if you know, even cloud or this, I like this because it works a little bit better with with click up and has access for me. Like both apps are good, but this, I use this mostly for click up to make sure that all the projects are running so I can ask what my team is working on, and it's going to give me a full description of what everyone's working on, all the conversation that are happening. Everything is be always being saved in clickup, and this app has access to it. So you can see I can simply, you know, run, run clickup projects from this app also. So this is currently the only open tasks for today, and I can see

Speaker  338864:00
clickup app, right?

Speaker  339168:00
Yeah, okay.

Speaker  340176:00
And is that the only thing you're running outside of Claude? Everything else is within

Speaker  341056:00
clause, yeah, yeah. I'm right now. I'm just messing with, only started using a week ago. It's pretty cool. Claude is doing the same job. I just find myself sometimes going into into this clickup, Ai, for some reason, it's more it's, it's, it works a little bit better with click up, for some reason. And a third issue, right? So once we have, once we figured out, you know, all the bottlenecks, you know, projects running themselves. So I was like, What should I work on? Like, what's the scaling? What scaling looks like for me in terms of AI and, you know, in terms of the business. So one thing that I'm also really fond of is replit. So this is a little bit more advanced replit is. It's basically a vibe coder. There's a lot of them out there, I think, like lovable or something, or so many of them, and I'm going to talk about this a little bit more now, and the apps. So, you know, there's only so much you can do within, within Cloud or chat, GPT, certain things need a little bit more bespoke approach for So, for example, one thing that I always struggled with are proposals. Right. Cloud is not great. It can probably draft a proposal or something. But I want something a little bit more branded. I want something that was one thing that always wanted to automate proposals, and then, you know, revenue anything. So I actually, you know, went and developed the app in replit that simply, you know, creates a proposal, converts to contract, sends to a client. That's something that you used to take me a lot a lot of time, and I wanted to automate it. So in terms of scaling, ask myself, What? What a little bit more important tasks? What are the tasks that you know Claude or chat, GPT can do that we can start building into our own apps. Okay, so one of them was obviously this simple agency app that we currently build in. So everything we're doing within agency, and that's what used to be manual, we do it, we we build in apps around it. And this is vibe coding. It's actually pretty easy and an eight. And there was a lot of discussion around an EIGHT and an is another tool that we use a lot of in terms of the information flow, like how the information flows. So if there is a task, task that you know requires a lot of information from certain from certain sources, and that information that needs to be translated or needs to be transformed, we started building, and I then we started very, very simple, like you know. We started with review analysis, as some of you guys know, and we started adding and adding stuff to it with connectors, so you might have something in terms of Amazon, when you like, running a business, you know, checking deal, sending emails. You know, inventory, almost all of that that usually is, was manual work, and it's in spreadsheets. And you know, you're waiting for a report every single day. You know, something that should can take five minutes, but it's taking you an hour stop. But we started building all of those stuff in Nn. And this is a, this is an example of one thing that we were doing a lot of that was content content planning. So as. You that's why I started with the the slide telling you guys about the fact that, you know, the base of a business is a creative agency. So we had a lot of content planning and research. I used to, I used to, I used to have a team of four researchers that would go through every single review, every single listing, every single image, generate ideas, you know, come up with research, go here and there, and then create a content plan based on that. Now we are able to do this with a click of a button. And this is, this is example of this entire workflow that used to take us a long, a lot of a lot of time and four people that now is done with a click, with one click of a button. And this took about a month to build, but this is where I believe for a lot of stakeholders and a lot of business owners, this is where you should be paying attention to to your business, to your business workflows, and ask yourself, what could be automated. Where can we save time? Where I can save time? So n 8n is, is an example. And so what we did is we created this in n 8n and this goes through, you know, a lot of data from Amazon, a lot of our own best practices, and then helps to generate content plans and research for our team to then create listings for Amazon, high converting listings. So but what we did is I went a little bit further and actually use this workflow than to build an app, you know, that Jamie and some other people probably here in in this call might be using. So ask myself if it's good for me, it's probably good for others. So we connected and to replit, to build this app that, you know, is helping people come up with research and content ideas, image ideas. Because, you know, why not? Why not? Why Why not give access to other people to help them with the same problem that I have. And, you know, we launched it only at two months, not even two months ago, I think it was on the first call that we had, and we already have 223, users using this. So it tells you that a lot of people actually have the same interest and same issues that you have. And you know, they want certain things automated. So I think, you know, that's one of the key principles here, that we always share whatever we we working on. And my time really these days, is spent on, you know, one to two hours in the morning, going through the briefing, going through the projects, and the rest of the stuff I do is simply just, you know, having fun a little bit with and asking myself, what could be automated? What can we build? Where can we make our life a little bit easier? And that's and that's pretty much what I've been doing. And in terms of, I want to talk about the PRD documents. So a lot i We run this AI Club, which I'll talk, tell you a little bit about in a moment, but I get approached by a lot of business owners with ideas like, you know, Jamie at the beginning of this call, mentioned inventory management or certain other things that could be automated. I personally can code myself a little bit I know, and I know a vibe coding so certain things I can build myself, but a lot of stakeholders out there don't know how to do it, and that's fine. You don't have to do it. But what's important is for you, if you find someone that can build an automation for you, that you think in in your business, okay, we have this workload that we want to automate, now, I need to find a guy or a girl to help me, you know, to develop this solution. What is critical? Very critical for you, then, is to create a PRD document. What is a PRD document? PRD is a product requirement document. You know the business like no one else, that's one thing. You know exactly what you're looking for. You know what the solution should be, and PRD is are critical in building workflows. What is a PRD? It's your app master plan, it's your workflow master plan, right? So what's important is clarity, alignment, efficiency and reference. This

Speaker  472069:20
is something you can send your freelancer, and they would just get it without a lot of back and forth.

Speaker  473365:19
Yes, you need to give them a lot of data, because the worst thing you can do is just say I had apps four months ago. I had a lot of ideas, and I went on Upwork, and I hired few, few developers, and I gave them ideas. After a month, they were not they were not close to what I was expecting. I was frustrated. I spent a lot of money. It's like, what's going wrong? Okay, the one thing that I didn't do specifically is this product requiring what document, and that gives a lot of clarity. So you can pass this to a to a developer. So that's one. And the second thing is you can actually pass this to a vibe coding system, so like something like replit, lovable. If you actually paste this PRD into your replet, it's going to start building the app for you. So key components, purpose, problem statement, target audience, features, functionality, success metrics. So a lot of this stuff is important, and you can actually start creating a PRD document with cloud or other AI software that you guys use. So I've put in a little prompt here that's going to help you create a PRD document. So if we wanted to create a PRD document, I would go through this exercise in cloud. So let's, let's try. Does someone have an idea around an app automation?

Speaker  496442:40
Yeah. So can you do one that will check the delivery days in different zip codes on amazon.com so it would just like, log into different zip codes and then check, check where, check how many delivery days in the different zip codes.

Speaker  501407:59
Okay. So can you describe this little bit more?

Speaker  502757:19
I need an app that will check every 24 hours the expected delivery time in days for Prime members in different zip codes. I a card.

Speaker  509386:40
Yo, normally you have to give it a little bit more information.

Speaker  511194:40
Yeah, right. Can it's

Speaker  512815:59
gonna ask us some follow up questions. Target audience, so target audience, prime numbers

Speaker  515200:00
to be though Amazon sellers is a prime Amazon, prime Amazon sellers would be the audience, okay,

Speaker  517168:00
sellers, data usage. Once the app collects the delivery then what should happen with it? Do you want to display in the dashboard alerts? Export, simple dashboard. How many zip codes? 2020? Zip codes, Prime Day specifically.

Speaker  524362:39
So, no, no, it's just just to take that out. Doesn't matter. It's just checking every day. So my VA does this manually. So she manually goes in and she checks different zip codes, so for the same asin, the same ASINs to just find out how long it would take. Like, you know, Is it zero days, one day or two days, etc, and that gives me a feel for how well spread out my stock is. But I feel like there's got to be an automatic way to

Speaker  531456:00
do it. Where do you currently access this data? She's doing it manually, on amazon.com, money on amazon.com. Yeah. Okay,

Speaker  533861:20
logging in, she does a special thing where you search for just the ASINs, then they'll come up on a search results, and then she'll click into all the listings individually and see, like, okay, will this deliver today, tomorrow, the next day? And then adds that all into a spreadsheet.

Speaker  538421:19
Um, listings for more products, we will need a scraper that goes into listings defined by ASINs and check this data for us so

Speaker  546719:59
Okay, so this is, obviously, is a pretty simple and fast approach, but normally You'd have to give it a little bit more information in terms of what the current process looks like, what literally step, what I would do this, tell it step by step, how you're doing it currently, and then then it can come up with ideas on how to automate

Speaker  555178:40
it. Also, if somebody does build this, I want free access. And the guide, I want one free access for the guy that came up with the idea as well. It's one of my friends in MDS. I'm sure he wouldn't, I'm sure he wouldn't buy because it's just like a small little thing, like it wouldn't this. Is something that in the past, it wouldn't be worth someone building a tool to do this, I think, but maybe now this is the sort of thing that someone could just build and just sell it for $5 a month, or sell it as a lead magnet for something else. Got it. It seems to get the idea. So how much back and forth does it normally take to get an idea like to get to get it right? How long you normally spending on Claude to get to get a document that you're ready to send out like a freelancer?

Speaker  570021:20
This is the most important thing, the PR document. So I'll go back and forward, check that everything is correct, that there's no mistakes. The worst thing you can do is give it, give it some information that's not relevant or like a gimmick feature. A lot of the times, the gimmick features take a long, a long time to build, or focusing on things like, you know, making sure it looks pretty the UI is, you know, so focusing on the wrong stuff. The most important thing is the workflow and the solution. So that's what we want to give them the clarity. Start, you know, you want to build a house. Start with foundation. So lay out the foundations, and then you can start adding. The worst thing also is making it, making stuff that that's really complex from the beginning. So what's the one thing, one feature that we can automate, data in, data out, and then you can start adding, and I'll show you an example of that in a moment. So what I would do now is, if we have this already, let's say this is a final, you know, PRD document, I'll probably spend like, good half an hour to an hour on this. I can simply paste this to replicate right, and I can start chart, and it will start creating the app for me. And now and then, I'll vibe code with it. You know, it's going to ask me for certain things, certain APIs, certain access, a lot of the stuff. So this is vibe coding, and this is why I showed you, and when we went in terms of what had the the contract and the proposals, think that I won't always wanted to automate, that's that. I started that with a PRD, simple PRD, and then I started adding features on top of it. So this is what vibe coding is. It's gonna also give you a lot of times it's gonna give you additional ideas based on a PRD, so some additional automated daily scraping of Amazon product pages for delivery information, asin management, zip codes, data grid dashboard, color coded delivery speed indicators, change detection, highlight delivery improvements, basic filtering, user authentication for internal access. So some these are some of the good features, and you can see it's already building us. So even even what I would suggest is, if you're trying to automate something, I would go as far as doing the PRD and going into an app like replit or lovable and just build the thing. Build it like, you know, tell it. I want this. I don't want that. This doesn't make sense. And just then, what you can do is, if you can't build the whole thing yourself, just build some foundations and some logic around your workflow, and then pass it to a developer to finish it. So you can actually do 80% of the work and leave them the 20% that requires very technical knowledge like API connection or data management. So you can actually do a lot of stuff. You can build a whole UI that's clickable. So does this make sense? Do I want this? Do I want that? Build the UI, build the logic, and then pass this onto a developer to finish. And you've done 80% of the work, the logic and clarity is the most important thing. Is this something that Jamie would always give it

Speaker  624010:40
so you would always give it a shot in rep. Let as well, yeah. So

Speaker  624800:00
I can actually, like, personally, I can build stuff myself from, you know, 02, 100. But if you don't feel confident in building apps or automation, just get it to, you know, to the logic. It doesn't have to work fully, you know, it doesn't have to have all the connections, but doesn't make sense to you. So for example, I would ask you, like this, this, does this make sense, right? How this would work? I click here, I get this, and if I click here, I get that, is this the report that what I'm looking for, right? So, you know, asin, you have this zip code, does this make sense to you? Jamie,

Speaker  634373:20
yeah, I don't really think about how I would want to change it right? And then what in rep like, can you just type? Can you just type it in words, change this and

Speaker  636138:40
this exactly, exactly. So I would go for that exercise and change things and adjust things to your liking, and then pass it on to a developer to finish this off.

Speaker  639370:40
Yeah, that's amazing, man. It's.

Speaker  640319:59
Yeah, and that's and so this is the process. This is mostly where I'm now, these days, working in automating and building workflows. And one of these, one of these things that we built, is this software, right, which Jamie mentioned. I was using this today earlier. Sorry. I was using it today. Yeah. So we, as I said, we run a creative agency. We do a lot of stuff in terms of listing optimization research. So what we always wanted to do is automate this task. So I actually build this whole thing myself within, you know, a month or two, and, you know, the most important thing that mattered to me is review. Analysis was the one thing. So I really wanted to understand, what are the positive mention, negative mention, usage patterns, mentions around how people use the product and intent, how what's the intent behind the product, product itself, like, Why? Why did I buy this? So that's information that's important to us. Then, to create the content plan, I wanted to understand the demographics, right? So, clear, clear understanding of the demographics behind each product. Rufus questions. So what kind of questions are being prompted by roofers? Because these are the, you know, frequently asked questions, things that people are searching for, and a lot of other things, a lot of other important things that that would help us create a and generate interest in and high converting listing. So that's one thing, right? This simple report we started with, this, the first, the first thing that we actually developed after one of the initial calls, mobile calls, two months ago, and gave people access, was the simple report. Just, can we start with the simplest feature? We just need data right now, and this was it. So then, what's the next step? Right? The next step, I was wondering, Okay, how about we actually come up with a new feature to then take it a little bit to the next step, which will be developing the brief for the designer, right? So what we did is we then added this additional feature, which is generate content ideas. So based on that, now we have a full, full plan for the listing based on the research. Okay, so that was the next step. Next. The third step was, Okay. How about we actually come up with ideas to generate images for the designer? So now we can generate ideas for the design in terms of, you know, hero images, a lot of and stuff that really that used to take me a lot of time. So if I had an idea I wanted to explore how to improve the main image, I would have to find some references, right? So now I can do all of this from here. So we started adding a lot of the stuff into the software, simply because it was, it was the stuff that we we did manually share a brief project knowledge so I can actually add things like, what kind of colors we use in the brand, what kind of fonts we use

Speaker  693680:00
the brand. Oh, brand colors. That's cool.

Speaker  694421:20
Yeah, elements to avoid in the listing, in the content features and benefits for so if I want to, if I want to revise this entire content plan, I can do it from here, from this, you know, I can simply just add project knowledge. I'll go for this listing, and say, Okay, does this make sense to me? Right in terms of listing? Obviously, this is, this is backed by research the app developed. But a lot of times, you know, it could be 80% right on 90 or it's missing something that's important that we know it's important, you know, AI is going to get you 80% there. But a lot of times, is the 20, the last 20% that really matter. So what we added is this project knowledge, right? So if I want to additional nodes elements to avoid feature and benefits focus, I want specific colors used. I want specific fonts used in the references, or I cannot even upload a document that's important for me that has something, right? And so that's, that's, you know, that's something that we, we added recently to into the app. And this is what you know, in terms of main images. We actually, you know, using open AI to generate image ideas. So here's an image, main image idea based on the research, and I can check, I can give it feedback, right? So if I don't like something I want to, you know, you can give it feedback, or I can edit this my manually. Or if I want more ideas, I can generate random ideas. So how about, you know, some ideas for the designer. If I want to improve the main image of this product, which is a hair dryer, I think, okay, it's pretty. Good main image, right? But here are some ideas that I can, you know, provide to my my designer, right? Maybe a packaging, maybe something else. So I can generate a ton of ideas, a ton of research, I can set, I can share this with the designer. And that was the stuff that I used to do manually. So this software really came from the frustration of me doing stuff manually. This is, obviously, this is not perfect. This is still, like, it's going to get you 70 80% there. But how much time this has saved for my

Speaker  729029:20
business, like non English listings that you might not want to spend, like, a ton of time on, so, you know, like a German listing or a French listing, I can just pop it in here, and I can get straight, as you know, it'll I can get straight to the 8020 of like, just the quick changes that need to happen. Or if I want to go into my my hero listing, I can go in, like, a ton of detail and generate tons of images and come up with tons of ideas as well. So it's pretty cool. You can, you can go as deep as you want, or if you just want the, if you just want the 8020 takeaways, um, they're right there, like, just quick

Speaker  738640:00
changes to make. Yeah. And the other thing is, we do a lot of work in terms of conversion, of optimization, so clients come to us to improve their conversions on their listing, but we have a lot of there's a lot of people out there that you know, maybe don't have the budget or have, you know, want to do it themselves. They have their own teams. And how the the main thing that we realize that's important in terms of conversion optimization of your listing is simple testing and coming up with hypothesis. I know 90% of the sellers I know don't run consistent tests on Amazon, because the main issue they have is just, there's no I don't know what to test. Like, what's the next? What the What's the test we should be running? And this is another great thing that's going to give you basically idea. So, how about, you know, we try a main image that has, you know, this, you know, this little effect here, or, like, has some sort of a packaging or, how about we create listing images that talk about this specific feature, right? So this basically gives you ideas to test than on the listing. Well, if you feel stuck like you know you have to run tests. It's important. You might be you might be wrong, 234, times, but you know, in in a month, if you do it consistently, and you keep running those tests, eventually you're going to land on something that that's going to be that's going to help you. You know, immensely. You know, we've seen, we've been running tests for multiple accounts, and a lot of instances, three, four months, nothing is happening in those managed experiments. But then you find something, and it increases your conversions by 20, 30% like the ROI is, is, is massively high on that, right? So how about testing something like this, right? Is this information important? Do we have this information and 200 negative ions? I don't know this, this product really well, but it gives you ideas, also, just simple ideas to then to test on the listing. And this, you know, this simple app really just came up from my frustration of doing things manually, of, you know, wasting my time, wasting a lot of money on on research and analysis and with the use of AI, I asked myself, can we automate this? So we automate this, and we, you know, we gave a lot of people access to it, and, you know, people are loving it. It's not perfect. It breaks all the time, but we keep improving it, right? We use it internally, but also getting the rate at which

Speaker  781434:40
this app has improved has been crazy, because it's sort of started off as like a separate main image and another one for listing upgrades, and just the rate at which it improves is crazy,

Speaker  784400:00
yeah, so, and that's pretty much what I've been doing, right? That's what what my AI workflow looks like, and that's how I use it. So I want to end with this. So whatever you do during the day, whatever you do during save it and ask yourself, How can I automate it the next time, if you do in repetitive tasks every single day, these days, there's a way to automate it. So instead of doing them, just stop for a moment. Stop and say, ask yourself, How can I automate it the next time, if I'm doing something in cloud and I'm reusing the same prompt every single chat every single day, I don't have to do it anymore. I can just simply create simply create a project. I can connect it to all the apps. If I'm doing something money, like for me, the listing creation and listing optimization, I had to stop and ask myself, How can I automate it now? And right now, I'm saving a ton of time doing this, because everything. So instead of working in the business, I'm working on the business, automating things, improving things. And actually, not only I am benefiting from this, but I know another two, over 200 people within two months, are benefited, benefiting from that. And that's what I want to end with. We have a Amazon AI club is growing pretty quickly. 64 members. There's a discount code for MDS members, 20% I know there's a link. I think in the might be in MDS. I'm also going to share this with the whole thing, with you, the entire presentation.

Speaker  809669:20
Your link in the chat? Yeah, I'll

Speaker  810517:20
put the link in the chart. And that's really my journey with with AI, and that's how I use it.

Speaker  812906:40
So basically the MDS club, it's like the AI club is like a sort of discussion board. And then from there you'll get tools, various different tools that Dorian is working on. But recently, the tools have all been merged into one, which is the cowpear scraper. So that basically what it's like one

Speaker  816528:00
tool now, right? Yeah, yeah. So everything that I am working on, every single thing that I find interesting and I find useful, we have the discussion, we have some calls, and then you guys get also access to to the tool. So let me just paste the link here,

Speaker  821493:20
$100 a month, but $20 off if you're, if you're an MDS, so $8 a month for us. Yeah, pretty good. Because considering, like, 100 you get 100 tokens a month, and that's quite, it's quite a lot, right? I never get through them.

Speaker  825141:20
Yeah, you won't go through them.

Speaker  825397:19
And so yeah, I think it's pretty good. And then you get, obviously, like, the feedback as well to help build the tool. So I think it's pretty good fun. Cool. Any questions anyone want to, anyone want to unmute and ask a question, or I can have a look at questions in the chat. Okay, there's one about the discount code. So, yeah, how, how difficult is it to actually connect, connect Claude? Do you have, like, a, is there, like, an SOP, or I just jump on Claude and going, like, hey, I want to connect all this stuff, and I would be able to work it out. Or is it a bit more difficult?

Speaker  836528:00
Yeah, I think you described it pretty well. A lot of times I just ask it like I'm using this app, I want to connect it to cloud. How can I do it and run me through the step by step process? And that's a lot of times. That's how I I've done that's how I learned. It

Speaker  840933:20
great. Can you put there was a loom you mentioned earlier about because you said that if something's already got a connection, like Google Calendar or whatever, then it's very easy to connect. But if not, then you need to do it a special way, a loom for that. Can you put that in a chat as well?

Speaker  845114:39
Yeah, I can put it in the chat also. I'm going to share with you the entire presentation, which has all the links in there, but I'll drop it here.

Speaker  847898:40
Great. Yeah, we'll get that added to the we'll get that added to the recording. Any other questions, put them in the chat. Guys.

Speaker  850400:00
Okay, I have a quick question. All right, it might be easier to so Dorian for the main image concept tool. How are you able to get the your exact product image, is that something that you had already like, pre loaded in there? Or how was, how did that happen?

Speaker  855381:19
Oh, yeah, it's pre loaded. So we actually have an API. We take your main image from the listing, then we feed AI with our best practices and ideas. And you know, usually you know how it is with that it's gonna get it 80% right, but it's a good reference. Then a lot of times what we do is, like, this is how it should look like, and then give it to design and to finish it, finish it off.

Speaker  861546:40
Okay, so there's a, because that's one of the things that we've been having. A like, I can always get AI, like, almost there, but then can't get the at my actual product made, like, perfectly. So you got you kind of you hand it off to a manual designer at that point,

Speaker  865584:00
yeah, um, depending on the products. A lot of times, some products, you know, it does it pretty well, and sometimes it messes up the the physical appearance. So it's a case by case basis.

Speaker  868912:00
Okay, great. I'm definitely gonna give it a shot. Thank you so much. No worries. Well,

Speaker  870101:20
we've got a couple more questions, but could I just get the out the air table link, it's been buried a little bit, but yeah, if you guys could just give us a rating and some comments, like, the more feedback that you guys give me, the better I can make these calls. So I go through them every month, and it helps me to think about forms I just put up, put it again there. So I would appreciate that. Another quote, another question was, can this all be done on a Claude pro $17 a month account?

Speaker  878426:40
Depends what you mean by all.

Speaker  879690:40
What could if. I've got a Claude pro account. Could I connect all of my can I connect all of my softwares and then have it to be my, like, personal assistant and that,

Speaker  882352:00
yeah, I think the only difference there is in the daily limits, right? That's the only difference, as long as I think, yeah, that's, that's why I'm aware of the differences are just in the daily limit.

Speaker  886085:20
And I saw that you've sort of, you've got it, you have it to function like as a coach, right? So it's basically got visibility on everything that you're doing. How good is? How good is the suggestions that the coach gives? Does the coach pop up and tell you stuff you should be doing or you're doing wrong, or,

Speaker  890517:20
yeah, all the time, all the time. It's like, Dorian, you know, this task you shouldn't be working on this. Hand this over, oh yeah, asking me, prompting me questions. You know, you disagree with it, but a lot of times it just, you know, it makes you think, like, should I be working on this? Yeah, that's, yeah.

Speaker  895370:40
That's interesting, because it has so much information that even if it's not the world's best coach, because it has so much information, it can see, they can see things impartially, right? What you're working on?

Speaker  898544:00
Yeah, I think the main thing for me is just it makes me question things a lot of times. Like, you know, can we automate this? Should I be working on this? Can we do it better? You can disagree with it, but it's going to make you think a lot of times.

Speaker  903157:20
And would it definitely, is Claude, definitely the way to go for this, rather than chat GPT or Gemini or something else. Oh, 100%

Speaker  905605:20
for this. I tested everything else. Just the claw projects is such a nifty tool. The connectors are all there. Yeah, I would go, I would go with cloud.

Speaker  909066:40
Cool guys. Well, next week we got Jay Hunter on it, talking about on the call, talking about Mary Ruth's content strategy, and then we've got Darren Dorian back on the next week, where we're going to be talking about using AI for new product development. Yeah, then we've got you Kat and then intellivis. So lots of good calls before the summit.

Speaker  914256:00
Quick call, quick question before we jump off Dorian. Where do you recommend finding developers if we don't want to, we don't have the, you know, no coders in our office, and we don't have the time to do this stuff. Where do you recommend finding developers?

Speaker  918229:20
I'll go on Upwork, really, or ask if, you know, maybe start with asking around your circle and MDs or whatever like as someone have, you know, asked you know, context to a developer, if not, go to Upwork. But as I said, make sure that your vision, PRD, everything you've done as much work as as possible, because you know what the issue is. You know what the solution should be. Um, don't, don't give away, like partial information. And you know, be clear. Be very, very clear with your vision.

Speaker  927770:40
Gotcha. Thank you.

Speaker  928266:40
Cool. All right, thanks, guys, recording will be up. Yeah, Dorian, if you email us the notes, then we can make sure that the notes are up as well. So yeah, definitely check out the AI club guys and get on Cal post scraper. You guys gonna love it. Thanks. All right, thanks guys. Thank you, General. Thank you, Dorian, thank you.
