1. Jun Kim
Date: September 25, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
All right, we'll get started here again. Hi. My name is June. Welcome to Two new folks, e commerce, real estate hybrid, like many of us, got into Amazon The same year, got into MDs, just to switch things up a little bit, do something new outside of Amazon, diversify and mitigate taxes. I'm a strictly a buy and hold investor. I've been staying in the realm of two to four units, but I'm looking to double down and get into a larger asset. I haven't sold anything, and I don't plan to sell outside of the exclusive events of 1030 wanting and trading up to a larger asset. And let me talking about two topics today that I'll touch on. One, is closing without closing costs. And then two, refi cash out without seasoning. We as every so, we as investors, every person in this room, right, we can agree that cash is getting and today I'll show you how to close without coming to the closing table with closing costs, and separately, a way to refi quickly without seasoning, which is usually six months for a lender agency or otherwise. All right, so this is a typical structure. Let's say the deal is worth 500,000 okay? For any finance purchase, you'll have to put down two things. One portion is a down payment, and two closing costs. We all know this problem here is that there's 30k in closing costs that are sunk, and it reduces your liquidity. So you see that 30k figure in the middle there, that close, that closing cost bucket. We're going to erase that from the picture so we don't have to bring the 30k to the closing table. Okay, this will happen via the magic in seller concessions. So step one, we're going to raise the purchase price by $30,000 from the initial offer. So the purchase price going to go from 500 to 530,000 going to ask the seller essentially for $30,000 seller concession, right? These concessions are usually credits that come into play while you and the buyer and seller negotiate. For example, let's say there's bad foundation and roof and it needs replacement, you would negotiate pre close, right, some sort of credit from the seller to make sure those repairs are done yourself. Post close, I don't like to do it. I don't like to have the seller make any of the repairs that we find. I like to just do it myself, because I feel like they just take shortcuts and making that repair. So I always, always, always push for seller concessions on every single deal. So what makes seller concessions great is that it effectively goes directly towards any closing costs. So it essentially offsets Any closing costs, all right? Step, and it offsets $1 per dollar, which is beautiful. So the seller, they net the same 500k while the seller concession of 30k is granted, and they offset each other. And it's essentially a watch, right? So what you're doing is you're financing that 30k and you're amortizing it over to standard 30 years, or whatever the amortization schedule is, and you bake it into the loan. So it's easy math, right? We're just adding $30,000 on top of the purchase price. The new purchase price becomes 530 K. And the importance here, from the seller's perspective, is that the net proceeds for the seller, it remains the same, so they shouldn't really balk at this request. Yeah, and closing costs can be anywhere from two to 6% of the purchase price, so this strategy effectively covers 100% of that, and giving you a zero out of pocket close beyond the down payment. So here's a breakdown with the strategy, or sorry without the strategy and with the strategy without, obviously, if you look at the seller concession line item, the without has no seller concession. With strategy is with the seller concession of 30k in play. So if you look at the bottom line there, the very last line item on total buyer cash at closing. We'll see that without the strategy, right? You're coming to the closing table with the 130k and then with the strategy and implementing the seller concessions into play, it's 106,000 Right? So there's a net saving of 24,000 in this example by using seller concessions, and that's extra liquidity for renovations, reserves, 1/6 of a new Porsche, whatever have you. Okay, so here's a high level overview. So it works by increasing the purchase price, right? It's just pretty simple arithmetics, and then asking the seller to credit that amount back as a concession to cover closing costs. The seller here still nets the same, right, but the buyer benefits by not having to bring in extra cash for closing. The only out of pocket cost here is the down payment, which is calculated on the higher price. I do want to note that, right? So if you're paying 20% you. Down, you're going to be paying on the 530 instead of the 500 in this example, this preserves about 24k in cash for the buyer, and again, it can be used for renovations, reserves another deal, so you keep this transaction fully compliant with lender with lender guidelines at the same time. All right, so here's some blind spots to be aware of appraisal risk. If the appraised value does not match the raise price, you have to eat the gap, right? So you have to essentially come out of pocket on that at the closing table. Concession limits the lenders. They cap seller concessions between three to 9% depending on how much down you put. So you would have to run your math on that to make sure that this makes sense for you loan qualification if you're on the cusp, essentially. So like higher purchase amounts can be a higher loan. Amounts could be a higher mortgage amount if you're on the cusp, this may break your DTI, right? So keep in mind that because you're going to be absorbing a higher loan amount, there's a concession cap, so it can't so the Kat the concession itself, it can't exceed the actual closing cost. If it does exceed the closing costs, you essentially lose it, right? So if you don't lose it, or if you don't use it, you lose it. So again, work closely with your lender and make sure that your math is correct. And I didn't mention here in the slide, but this is a disclaimer to you as the buyer. So appraised value will likely be higher. It'll likely be higher because your new base is going to be on the increased purchase price of 530 so your property taxes may be higher, but the mat still favors utilizing this strategy, and you could always fight for your assessed value every year by basing it off of comps as opposed to your purchase price. All right, any questions before? I continue, questions, questions, who's done this before? Oh, okay, thanks.

Speaker  113728:00
Travis, like so far, I would double tap that you kind of rolled over really quick on buying down the lender concession limit. That's a great way to lower your mortgage interest rate. So you can put it towards the interest rate and get it down. Like I lowered mine almost 1.75% on a deal I just bought. I talked about it just now with only 12 grand. So like 12 grand lowered me from a seven point something to 6.6 so just very like, those little things add up. And for me, I was really focused on getting my monthly payment as low as possible, just cash flow as much as possible. That was more important to me, but I would double tap that, like you could use it to buy down your

Speaker  127210:40
rate so you could use seller concessions towards a rate reduction sweet.

Speaker  128832:00
We've had this other lenders on the back, like after the close, and essentially back. And then once it closes, they give it back to us. So essentially, we'll come in with a close people

Speaker  133797:20
when I started, just kind of like that, whether you're like, basically pre writing a check to your contractor so that there is no Kat you saw the appraisal shortfall problem and like, it's going to reduce your additional property taxes, things like that. But there's kind of the biggest things on cash. I had a $90,000 back 30% but

Speaker  142378:40
I've done this on the sell side. So I do a lot of mobile homes. So takes a $60,000 mobile home. The person needs $6,000 for down payment, 3000 so we'll do it where I boost the price of $63,000, they come up with it, and we give $3,000

Speaker  148704:00
back. The other side, the bank doesn't like it. We don't tell the bank, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker  150549:20
All good points. All good points. Thanks for sharing. We'll segue to the second topic here on how to cash out refinance without a seasoning period, which is typically six months, right? So most of investors were familiar with the six month rule for cash out refi. Yeah? Somewhat someone, okay, so I'll be presenting a legal way on it's a workaround that allows you to just recycle capital faster, and this can be used in conjunction with the prior strategy, or you could deploy this independently. Okay? So here's the problem, and I'm using small numbers here, or I will be using small numbers here just for use your math. So the problem is that a traditional cash out, it locks up your capital for at least six months. So the solution would be to put together a legal structure, in this case, an LLC where you reclassify the refinance from a cash out refi to a rate and term refinance. So your LLC becomes the bank. The LLC is going to lend to you your very own LLC that you 100% own. So this is ideal for investors that are using cash to acquire and rehab properties that desire velocity and capital, which I'm sure all of us do. So this is a split into two, right? You could either there's cash out refinances when it comes to conventional, and there's there's different rules and guidelines in place when you are strictly purchasing a property with cash. So for conventional, you're limited to 75% LTV for single families, 70 70% LTV for two to four units, small, multifamily. But here is the catch. If you use cash,

Speaker  178704:00
you get more than that.

Speaker  179232:00
This is a limit for Fannie Freddie. If you use debt to purchase, right? If you use cash to purchase, there's a six month old called seasoning period, right? I'm sorry, there's a six month hold if you purchased with financing, if you have debt behind it through a lender. The cash purchase exception here is if you purchase with cash, there's no hold period, but the refi amount that you can get out, it's limited to the lower of a the purchase price plus the closing costs, or B, 75% of ARV. So the key issue here is that with the cash purchase, you can't, on day one get your rehab costs back out. And for us, because we buy distressed, we want to get that rehab amount back out. It's still a sizable amount that we want to keep recycling,

Speaker  193040:00
buying it with, like a coming in to at least probably both, both.

Speaker  194864:00
I both for, for the loan. I always pick up a rehab loan, like a, like a home style, where it finances the acquisition of the property and rehab. So both of those components are baked into one loan and half of my portfolio I've just purchased with cash and just taking out the money here. Yeah, so it's a mixture of both. Okay, so here are two examples of these, cash, purchase, refinance limits in play. So the first example here is a heavy rehab. We have $30,000 in rehab, which is trapped in the Reno. So only 50,000 is accessible here, right? Because, again, we're taking the lower of Purchase Plus closing costs, or B 75% of LTV, okay, so in this first example, we're limited to that first part of that guideline, which is going to be Purchase Plus closing costs. And that second example here is lighter rehab. We still leave 10,000 trapped, right? Purchase 80. We have five. We're 85 all in, but we can only take out 75% of ARV here. That's the lower amount of the two, so we're still leading in $10,000 again. If you extrapolate this math out to your market, it's large, it's largely it's likely larger numbers, but just wanted to adjust it produce easier math here. All right, so this is how you're gonna bypass six month rule. Step one, you're gonna buy in your own name with cash. Step two, your LLC loans. You the funds and records a lien against the property. Step three, you refinance the existing loan. Remember keyword, this is not a cash out, guys. You're gonna refi the existing loan under a rate and term refinance, because there's already a loan in place, and that loan in place is held by your LLC via promissory note. So this is a key distinction that I just really want to emphasize. There is no seasoning period solely due to the fact that this is a rate and term refinance, and it's not a cash out refi. So the caveat is that it must be properly documented title and lender must play ball. How are we doing on time? Okay, okay, all right. So this is step two, step by step, walk through at a higher level. One, you formal LLC, you control. Two, buy the property in your name as an individual. Three, the LLC issues you a promissory note and files a lien at the time of purchase with title, okay. Four, you fund the purchase, and you re and the rehab itself using a LLC, using the LLC to loan you and you refi once it's stabilized, once you rehab it, you get tenants in there, you refi using this rate and term loan title sees right when they pull a property profile, they'll see that though there's going to be a legitimate loan. On it, and you refinance. So you pay off the LLC. You're very on LLC, so you're essentially paying yourself. You recover all your refunds. So you could think of your LLC as your private hard money lender. Of course, this comes this really only comes into play if you have that capital front from your LLC to you as the individual on the purchase of the home and on

Speaker  245344:00
the rehab you go back to last Saturday. Yeah, so on three, yes, do it? Close it closing it ends up being a 1% or that's what I'm seeing, about 1% put into the LLC after the fact.

Speaker  248709:20
Can you rephrase that? So, for

Speaker  249461:19
example, like you're putting it into the LLC out of your name on the end, stuff you're talking about that's something built enough, nope. So now the need the scene in your store saying, Here, man,

Speaker  252810:40
yes, I got it. Yes, yes. And

Speaker  254666:40
you can do those days anyway. You can buy an LLC me and just have a loan from a different LLC.

Speaker  256266:40
So this is the strategy in play, Purchase Plus rehab. We're 75 all in your LLC is going to record a $75,000 lien, which is 75% of 100,000 you refi, again, specifically a rate and term refinance, not a cash out. So you're not subject to the six month seasoning period by definition of that rate on term refinance, and you recover the entire 75k there's no money left in the deal, all right? Well, this works delayed financing. There's limitations, right? You only get the purchase price of $50,000 in a conventional delayed financing model, and with this LLC strategy, what you get is a big advantage, because you don't you refi, a recorded loan at 75% ARV, and as a result, you pull out all of your capital. Okay, so here are some pitfalls and things to watch out for. Document everything. Make it a real loan, right? Record the lien. Wire the funds. You can't these. These transactions need to take place, and there needs to be that just custody of an ownership and the funds need to move properly. You want to avoid sham transactions. So without paper trail, it's mortgage fraud. So make sure that you set this up properly. Pre approval is key. Not all lenders or title companies will play ball. Okay? So you got to vet them early, make sure that they're investor friendly. If you're going to a larger lender that you see on like a Super Bowl commercial, they're not going to know how to do this. They're not going to allow this. Okay, find the right partners align with the right lenders and the right title company up front. That way you're not stuck at closing and they don't know what to do with it. So the goal here isn't loopholes, it's just strategic compliance. So if you do this right, it can be a powerful tool to scale faster without violating any Fannie or Freddie rules. Any questions,

Speaker  287658:40
did you go back to your action center? Yeah, sorry, that's one. Hey, what can you cover my back?

Speaker  290464:00
This one. This

Speaker  291023:59
one. So I do this strategies, all the Tyler commute, and the one thing I want to follow, even if your rehab costs, was, say only 10k what I've been doing is I've been recording the lien at 75% what I think, right? So that way you have like, a higher lien. I mean, sometimes, like, I go higher, right? Because, like, at the end of the day, when they go to pay off the mortgage, yeah, always take, like, a shark payoff,

Speaker  298405:20
yes, yes, that you get out, yes, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  300074:40
So in essence, you got a low re up cost. You got a way higher mortgage. As long as it Good point, you could get all your you could potentially get more money that you have in out. If there are issues, you're probably really good point, you also are in the uncertainty like Florida, that was recorded. Do you pay like, this additional or tax? Like, you know, I just, I just did it on a property here in St Pete a couple weeks ago, and cost me, like, actually, $3,000 to do this strategy. So just like, Thanks for

Speaker  308031:59
pointing that out. That's a good point.

Speaker  308879:59
This is the real

Speaker  309216:00
thing. Yeah, we don't do Amazon anymore. We're out. Yeah, I still do Amazon. Yeah, thanks for pointing that out. Travis, just as a recap here. So closing without closing costs, instead of paying closing costs out of pocket, you essentially raise the purchase price, right? And you roll that into the loan through seller concessions, seller nets the same amount. There's no tax implications with this from the seller's shoes, but you bring less cash to closing. It's a win, win. Seller gets the expected proceeds. Buyer keeps more cash. Sellers happy. You're happy. It's a win, win. Just manage the risks right? There's gonna be risks around just appraisal shortfalls and lender limits, so just. Dollars be cognizant of that. And secondly, what we just touched on the cash out refinance without seasoning. At a high level overview, you skip the six month wait by having your LLC record a legitimate lien upfront, then you refinance as a rate and term instead of a cash out and you access the 75% of LTV, or, I'm sorry, ARV, immediately. And the key is that the paper trail must be clean. There needs to be a recorded lien, promissory note and proper execution. And on the promissory note itself, it can be a 0%

Speaker  330389:20
interest. Does the title company come up with

Speaker  331450:40
that? No, you come up with them. Yeah, yeah. I mean, just chat or something,

Speaker  332954:40
yeah.

Speaker  333658:40
Like, yeah, yeah. The promise right now, yeah. I

Speaker  334378:40
Ibo. I have some too, for, like, Texas Board of my attorney, because there's, like, certain things that, if they just left out, get my if I get fly. But when tidy go to Kat to do the refund,

Speaker  337648:00
like this, it wasn't like the language. It's missing the

Speaker  338768:00
requirements that we can use it. And so you have a lawyer check it.

Speaker  340495:59
Yeah, I like a simple one pager. I'm happy to share it

Speaker  341216:00
out, but yeah,

Speaker  342933:20
this all right. Value Add bonus. If you scan this QR code here, it's going to take you out to a Google Drive link. I included my real estate. What is it? Deal analyzer. Take a look at that to underwrite stress test, some rehab budgets, and calculate what your ARV and LTV and all that good stuff is going to be next. Okay, fantastic. I'll get a lot of those moments already.

Speaker  351562:39
Yeah, you get me. So everything's a lot of the broadcast

Speaker  352415:59
here. Mike, you're on the list now, is that it? And I'll just do you have more? Yeah, okay, sorry. One more slide here. So again, this is my contact, my email, QR code goes out to my Instagram. I had to put something there, so I'm putting that in there. Eugene has commented on my terrible picture, so we'll get that likely taken later today. Yeah. Anyone wants a head shot? Let's opt into that. Yeah. For me, what's next? I really want to get into the assisted living facility space. I realized that that is something that I feel like would give me more fulfillment. I have a another story, but I just have a soft heart for the elderly, and just want to take care of people who are in need, in that in that sense. So I want to get to assisted living. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. It's a great cash flow play as well, so they could check off on both of those boxes. Across the street from my primary is a piece of land. His grandpa has owned it for 25 years, hasn't sold it, but he's now looking to sell it, so I'm looking to potentially. JB, who's not here with Sam, who's no there's another, there's another Sam across from you. He's not important because he's late. It'll fit it's still in commercial right now, I'm working with the city of Plano, Texas to get that rezoned to residential and build five units on top of that, so something that we're exploring at the moment, so I'm pretty excited about that. We'll probably your GC, yeah, right. True, yeah. We'll probably, yeah, so probably flip a couple and hold on to some just to recoup some of our initial cash outlay. And then lastly, something I just have on my radar I just wanna be open minded about, is always willing to syndicate and get into an apartment. And I think that's just because my lack of knowledge in scaling and something that I'd be interested in learning more. I've just done these two to four units, and logically, I'm going to scale this. Thing is, how do I get bigger two to four units, right? And that's going to be likely in the form of an apartment of a multi family unit. So if I can raise and serve as a GP for the LPS in a 200 to 300 unit apartment. I think that's something that I'd be interested in doing, but I'm weighing all options. So that's how I'm working on next. If you guys have any overlap in any of three of these things, or have some sort of interest level, I'd love to chat with you.

Speaker  399674:40
I'm gonna speak about some. A beautiful guy that we can bring on a call. He brings, I'll probably do it. And he's just a capital raiser, so all he does is, like, you have a project and he likes it, he'll cut he'll rank his own investor, he'll race for appeals. So you'll bring even 2 billion at a time from his investors.

Speaker  404704:00
Sweet, yeah. Let's do it. Let's do it. Thank you guys. You can listen.
