Dat Le
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  896:00
Yeah, so today we're gonna go over product research and selection. I'm gonna go through like the the five, the framework that has allowed us to become a top 20 product on Tiktok shop, and has allowed us to do over 1000 1000 orders per day. So most important when you're looking for like a new product, is you got to really spend time on the trend, research, analysis, finding the right product and opportunity is like the core thing. Like you could do as much marketing as you want, but the product sucks. It's not gonna go anywhere. So once we identify the right trend, we conduct a product opportunity report, so just doing a deep dive on does this product have enough search volume? Who are competitors in the marketplace? Are there things that can take us down, and what is our likelihood of success? And once we identify that, then we just do a market demand test, and this essentially is just going out to different angles and seeing if we can actually make it work. And then once that's all done, then there's the product development and pricing. That's where we work with the manufacturers to make sure that the product actually works, and it's like a top tier product. And once that's all done, it goes in the pipeline, and then we do everything we need to get the product up and running and ready to go. So this is just an image and an illustration of the product lifecycle. And any time that you're looking for a new product idea, you want to be in the sweet spot. The majority of us in the room, we're not big enough to create a market. So what we typically do is we ride on the next wave and the next trend that's coming in. So for us, we're in consumables, and this is exactly what we look for. And a lot of times, too, you won't necessarily, like, always have a new trend in your category, but there are a lot of cases where, like, there'll be a new use case, a new form factor, or new category. So if you want to take a picture of this, this is definitely something you want to think about anytime you're looking at a new product opportunity. So today, I'm just going to go through this one example of a product opportunity that we've added. It's just a GLP one supplement. And the first thing that we typically do is, I use this software. It's called Exploring topics. Raise your hand. Anyone. Use it. So you should definitely take a picture of this. This is very useful. What this does is it aggregates a lot of data and scrapes it off the internet from social media sites, search engines, they do research reports as well. So they just scrape a lot of information. It's really useful, and you can get a lot of good insight here. So for example, I typed in GLP one. Does anyone know what GLP one is by chance? So most people, so for those that don't, it's just a naturally occurring hormone in your body, and it helps to regulate your blood sugar and also your appetite. Which one is the Okay, so we have these next four sections here. So this I already know is a brand, because I've done the research another brand, the scientific, long version of it, and semi gutide. So what semi gutide is is it's actually the medical version of GLP one. And now, knowing all this stuff, I can start, like, digging into, like, the actual opportunity and the industry. So if I'm looking to create a new supplement for a category of people that are on, like ozempic, for example, I want to look at some of the side effects that my supplement can actually solve.

Speaker  58021:20
So for your first step, go to exploring topics,

Speaker  59093:19
and the next step is fast moss. So what fast moss is, it's a Tiktok analytics platform, and it connects directly to their API. And what you can get from this is you can find, like, the newest trading products, the best videos and what's like actually doing well. And you can actually just look at actually products and see how they're doing. So it's probably too small for you guys to see, but over here, you can see the amount of affiliates, and you can look at the total amount of GMA that they're doing and the last seven days of sales. So why that's important is you want to see like, if the product is taking off, and there's actually a good opportunity for you to actually go and compete in the marketplace. So once you do that, then you can go on Google and see, like, the actual interest over the last five years. So you guys can see that there's not no real traction, no real traction in 2024 there's like a big wave of interest. And after that, you can then go onto Amazon and see if there's actually products that are emerging, because typically, most of us, we don't, we're not the first leaders. We typically come in afterwards, and we ride on that momentum. So you guys take a screenshot of this to you, because I didn't have enough time to go through all these examples. But for the new use case, beef tallow. Yeah, so this has become really popular in cosmetics, but originally people use it to cook with. So that's a good example of something that has any use case a new form factor. My example is creatine gummies. Creatine has been around for a very long time in the powdered form, and now, with like gummies becoming more popular, it's having a big push online, you see a lot of people want these gummies. A new category is nootropic pouches. Anyone use Zins? Nicotine? No There you go. So this is a product that's evolved from that. So people have used cigarettes for a really long time. And then they moved to vape. And then vapes were just not manly, in my opinion. So they moved to a different form factor. So you start seeing that a lot more

Speaker  94122:39
products that are like publishers that you put in your mouth

Speaker  95162:40
now. So this is currently, like the landscape of where e commerce is right now.

Speaker  96000:00
You have Tiktok as, like, the main

Speaker  97136:00
demand generator, because you've got so many contact content creators that are coming on, making these videos that are just like taking these products off, and a lot of people, like consumers, they're still not as confident in like shopping on Tiktok. So what you'll see is, you see a lot of overflow down to Amazon, and Amazon will capture it. And then once you find something that's actually working already, you can take that video and the content that's working and you can repurpose it for Facebook and also. IG, when we do this opportunity report, these are the main questions we ask. So one, can this product go viral on Tiktok shops? Can we price it more than $28 does it have enough momentum to sell 100 units a day? And can it be a top three product in our catalog, and if we have needed now, we can move it to a product market opportunity test? So I made a template for you guys. You guys want to take a picture of that, and we'll go through it. So I'll take it off in 54321, so the opportunity report goes through these five sections, and the five sections cover like one, how is the overall trend doing across platforms, and is it something that's going to be enduring, or is it going to be a fad? Section two is, what kind of marketing angles can we go after, and can we actually pan out those claims? So super important to be able to actually deliver on the claims, because consumers are super smart now they can chat GPT everything, so they can call you out on your bullshit if you're not making the best product. Section three, risk factors, like, is tariffs going to be an issue for you? Are you going to have potentially lawsuits for your product? So you want to make sure, like, all that is tightened up. Section four, competitor research and sales data. So this is where like you really want to dive into see like, who the main competitors are, what the keywords are, what the consumer is saying about these products, and how can you make it actually a better product? Number five is the opportunity to differentiate. This is really important, because section 104 is just data, and Section Five is you got to really look in the mirror and ask yourself, can you or your team execute on this opportunity? Because execution is the main thing. You can have the best data, but the execution is not good, then it's not going to go anywhere. So for doing a market demand test, all you're trying to do is you're looking to test your assumptions and see if you can actually make sales at the end of the day. And once you're able to do that, then you can like, refine and optimize and go from there. So the first thing is, you want to find your hypothesis. So who is going to be your ideal customer? What price point is your product going to be, and which marketing angle you're going to go after? So what you guys can do is you can, like, actually use replo, which is a landing page software. There's actually a marketplace for developers as well that you can go and hire, and they can make these landing pages for you. You can connect it to your Shopify and set up a pre order or buy. Now just assimilate an actual purchase experience. If people actually buy, which is a good thing, all you have to do is just refund the customers out there and just give them promo code and tell them that you're out of stock, which is a good thing as well. So after you run a test, you want to you just want to look at the overall metrics, and if it's something viable that you can go after. So this is an example of a product market demand test that we did. It's for a workout supplement. And these are metrics. Overall, the revenue of 60 just over 1600 the ad spend was just over $1,000 contribution profits, 250, ish order of 13 ROAs 1.5 and. And the main conclusion that we have is it's a good potential on Facebook and meta, it has a high AOV, and with a better ad creative, like an optimization has a potential to do 100 sales a day plus. So this isn't the best ad, so if you optimize it, you could probably do a lot better. So here's a list of tools if you want to actually get this done. So you can take a picture of

Speaker  167141:20
that 54321,

Speaker  168149:19
number, four is like, at the end of the day, like your product needs to solve the customer's pain point. It has to justify a price point of $28 or higher. Really important that you're able to restock fast, because we get traction on tick tock shops, it can, like, just catch on fire fast. You can go from like, zero sales to doing a few 100 in a week. So super important that if you can actually get the restock quick, it's gonna be a huge competitive advantage for you. So basic number four, like your product needs to have some type of actual competitive advantage, and it does need to stand out, out from the competition. So packaging is super important nowadays. Like there's just so many products that the consumer is like looking at every single minute and every single day, they just get bombarded. So it just has to stand out. Once everything is confirmed, the product is ready to go to go to manufacture in terms of just placing your order, the countdown to the product launch state begins. And these are things that you can do as you're waiting for your product to get manufactured. One you can split test to your image, and this is going to help you also make your product label as well. And all your creative so super important. And then you can work on all your listings, prep, recruit and hire all content creators, influencers and affiliates that you want to work with for your product, because it's super important nowadays. Five is just prepare your launch plan, strategy overall. Let's see here. So one software that's really pretty easy to use is product opinion. They're actually outside, and a buddy of mine owns it, so they have this really good Amazon like search simulation, where you can pick one listing and just have different images overall, so that you can test which images you can perform the best, and then based on that, you can use that to make your you make your your labels and whatnot. So here you go. So this, so I ran a test, and option F was the best. So now knowing that you can start using this to work on your labels before it's even like finished, let's see. So takeaways overall, always be doing market research. It's you got to know where the puck is going, and you want to know where the market is heading. Successful product opportunities requires the right product idea, the right marketing angle and the right execution. Create a database for your product ideas, because it's a really good habit to see like, if your intuition was right overall, if the product was a hit or miss, and you'll just get better over time at identifying these opportunities for a lot of this stuff is very tedious, and you can get, like, a va with some AI tools to pump it up for you real quick. And if you're the decision maker on the product, then all you have to do is just like, keep on refining it, go through it, and if it's good, then you can, like, move the next step five. Tiktok shop is currently, is the current gold rush for new opportunities. So I don't think it's gonna get banned. And it's the biggest competitor to Amazon. So I think it's gonna be, like, here to stay, and you definitely look into it if you're not looking at it already. And here's my bonus value add. So this is a good picture for you guys to take if you want. Vas, there's a bunch of resources there, AI tools I use to make this the split test tool, if you guys want to test that out, and all the different research tools that I used here.

Speaker  223530:40
And that's it. Any questions i This

Speaker  225679:59
might be a stupid question. I'm not really sure why $28

Speaker  226815:59
so for us, we're in consumables, and we found that $20 and above is what we need in terms of, like, paying the content creators, because they get, like, a retainer, there's the commission, so anything like lowering that doesn't really make sense for us. Is

Speaker  230517:20
that an issue on Tiktok threshold conversion,

Speaker  231669:20
I think, like products over $30 that they get, like free shipping and like things of that nature, but not really sure, to be honest, for that one. Okay, so like, 20 is like the minimum. So, like, obviously you want to go higher that, but that's like the minimum

Speaker  236474:40
threshold. Any other question, yeah, when you

Speaker  237338:40
view that, the test, pre launch test, that landing page, what's the length of that? So you mentioned you got six. $600 in revenue. And how long did that test? I

Speaker  240688:00
thought we tested that over a week overall. Yeah. Any other questions on that? Follow up, Okay, any other questions, yeah, sorry. Can you speak up? You used to tell us before. Can you tell me about have you used intellis before? Can you tell me? How do I use product intelliview in a long time? So I Yeah, but I use product opinion because I like that Amazon simulation, and they're a lot like better in terms of like for what I've seen, just like better cost pricing. Thanks. So
