MDS Mogul Call with Euka AI
Date: August 13, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Do you want to just turn the recording on later? It's just a note taker. Okay, all Right, let me Get people on. I

Speaker  25733:20
Hey, Leo, how's it going? Hey, Leo, Hey, Jamie,

Speaker  26949:20
what's up? How are you

Speaker  27418:40
good man? So if you, if you any good questions you want, just put them, put them in the chat. I'll get them in because I'm, I'm not the Tiktok shop expert. We make about one or two sales a day or a week on the UK Tiktok shop.

Speaker  32346:40
Yeah, UK Tiktok shop sucks. I know it's very small. For example, in terms of Tiktok lives, I think UK plus EU is point zero, 2% you know, of all the of all the social camera sales is on Tiktok lives, United States is 1% right, like and China, if you if you take Chinese tick tock, I forgot what the actual name of it is. Plus all other lives is 32% of all the sales. So yeah, Europe is behind United States like 10 times. And United States is behind China like 32 times. So

Speaker  44506:40
when are you going into Europe?

Speaker  45978:40
Uh, us. You mean, like, join brands for the Okay, okay, I'm coming on the 20. I go to Lake coma first.

Speaker  48512:00
Cool. That'd be nice. Yeah, yeah. I

Speaker  49200:00
think when you when you're flying this direction, it's nice to have a couple of days to adjust, because when we go to America, particularly the East Coast, a day or two and you're okay, but it's when you're flying the other way is much harder.

Speaker  53360:00
Yeah, I don't know why

Speaker  53733:20
it's nice to have a it's nice to have a couple of days. Yeah? Well, if I'm flying to America, all I'm doing is effectively staying up one late, staying up late one night, and then continuing to stay up late and stay up late and go to bed late. But then the other way around, it's just, it's just invested with you a bit more.

Speaker  59029:20
Yeah, well, I don't have jet lags for a while now, and I attribute it to the fact that when I come I never, I never go to bed during the day, and I also hit the gym. So I think it helps a lot. Yeah, so that's my method. I

Speaker  64368:00
normally get, I normally manage to get to the gym on date, like the first morning when I'm away. That's normally the only time I get in. But no, it's good. It's good to get in. Yeah.

Speaker  69344:00
So did you use Euka? Leo,

Speaker  70421:20
I looked at Euka. I built my own bot a while ago. You know this token writer, I think it's, it's a dead end in a way. I'm not gonna say anything, right? That using these bots, because Tiktok is always limiting those things, right? So, and I see that UK is changing a little bit their approach. They're building like communities and stuff like that. That's the right direction, right? But just the bot you're basically at the you know, Tiktok can cancel it anytime they want, right? Yeah, so, and besides the creators, they're bombarded with 1000s of messages a day, and the better the creator, the more messages they get. So this bot approach may not be the most efficient, right? Unless you have your own audience, your own discord, your own communities and stuff like that, right? So I don't know. That's my that's my thought that we

Speaker  86117:20
sort of half asked it, like with Tiktok reaching out to people through bots and stuff. And, like, we did get some videos that did all right, but it never quite, it never really worked out that well for us. Yeah,

Speaker  89093:20
I was sending, like, 10s of 1000s of messages, and then Tiktok limited the number of messages you could send, you know? And then now you have to have a certain GMD per product, right? And, yeah, they always change the rules. And from my past experience, it's very dangerous to invest into a software where you don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, right? So it's, it's probably working now still, but I don't know how UK is now, but they should build their own community, basically, to be Yeah, to be safe, yeah.

Speaker  98848:00
How's it going? Good?

Speaker  99296:00
How are you doing? Awesome.

Speaker  99904:00
Whereabouts. Whereabouts you at the moment,

Speaker  100512:00
I'm in Toronto.

Speaker  100848:00
Oh, cool,

Speaker  101312:00
yeah. Where are you?

Speaker  101605:20
I am in Brighton. It's just the south coast of England.

Speaker  102645:20
Okay, very nice. Excited to be on Google.

Speaker  103669:20
Yeah, it's gonna be great. Who's got a kid in the background? Is that you, or is that

Speaker  106101:20
Leo? Not me? I'm in the street, and that's why there are kids here. Yeah, I'm gonna just mute myself, yeah,

Speaker  108650:40
yeah. I've still, I've still never been to Canada, so I definitely want to go. I would love to do a two week, a two week ski trip in Canada. So what?

Speaker  112170:40
Yeah, he's right. Like to ski. That's definitely where you want to go. You don't want to come to Toronto for

Speaker  113648:00
skiing. So my plan is to get my kids up to a reasonable level and then, and then I can, I can take the skiing for two weeks.

Speaker  115600:00
Hi, that's exciting

Speaker  116112:00
in Canada, but there'll be a few more years. My son's four, so he'll, next year do his first you can do his first week at Ski School.

Speaker  118789:20
Nice, that's very exciting. Are you going to be at MDS? Milan, yeah,

Speaker  120405:20
yeah, I'm going to be there. So I'm getting out on this. I'm getting there on the Saturday.

Speaker  121829:20
Okay, well, I look forward to meeting you in person there. Yeah,

Speaker  123130:39
Etienne, are you going? You're going to Milan.

Speaker  124042:39
Good to see you there. Jordyn as well.

Speaker  124522:40
Amazing. I'm so glad it's been a while. Yeah, good to see you. I'm very I'm glad to hear you'll be in Milan. That's awesome. Sounds like there's a great group of people going,

Speaker  128010:40
yeah, it should be it should be fun. So for the excursion, I've my first choice of the excursion is a Lake Como boat trip. I wasn't quick enough to get the racing. That would have been cool, though. What did you choose? Etienne, well, I can't hear you. You're muted. What do you start as well, as well

Speaker  133765:20
I'm guiding

Speaker  134037:20
you there. So

Speaker  134581:20
Me too. I'm going to come off. Okay,

Speaker  135653:20
please follow me. Don't get like, that's why there were no spots left for me. I think,

Speaker  137365:20
quick. Awesome. No, that

Speaker  138277:19
would be great. Um, yeah, I've only missed, I think I've only missed one MDS main event. I think we had a baby, like, too close to it one time. But it is. It's very luxurious. Only having to do a short flight to an

Speaker  142170:40
MDS, that must be a nice change for you. FROM ALL like the Vegas MDS inspire and all the US based events, I've still,

Speaker  143850:40
I've never actually been to inspire because I just the west coast. It's just so it's, it's like double the distance

Speaker  145920:00
it is far. Yes, I like East Coast is great. You got Florida, you got you got everything. I've got everything I need on the East Coast. Four hours,

Speaker  150437:20
and it's the jet the jet lag from five to eight is, it's a real jump up. And if guys, that's six, what six to 10 from Central Europe, right? I would like to go, but I would just want to go. I would want to go for longer, but Kaylee doesn't want to let me go. So, so sometimes Kaylee goes to inspire he doesn't mind doing short, short trips to the west coast. It's tougher, tougher

Speaker  158762:40
guys that travel from far really use that app that I shared in the in the chat, it saves my life 10 times the anti jet lag app.

Speaker  161520:00
Yeah, that is, yeah, it is good, yeah.

Speaker  162416:00
But it's, um, it can be different. It it's getting you to ramp up in advance, isn't it? That one

Speaker  164000:00
three days, you

Speaker  164400:00
have to start going to bed earlier or later, depending on on where you're going.

Speaker  165376:00
Oh, what trains your body to get into the groove,

Speaker  166261:20
and then you

Speaker  166501:20
guys see where lights the lights

Speaker  167061:20
sunglasses in the airport. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker  168053:20
okay, I'm gonna check this out for Milan rock

Speaker  168901:20
Starlink,

Speaker  169653:20
yeah, it's a bit easier to start going to bed later than it is to start going to bed earlier, though, that is true. Alright, let's do the MDS. Let's get the MDS slides up. So this is your weekly reminders. Use the app, get it onto your home screen. So I just recommend just to use it instead of podcast. You can just, you can just get calls on this. There's so many calls going on, it's difficult to catch up with them all. But you can just listen to an audio only, and then you can, you can catch up, jump into the ones you want to watch. Yeah. So get on there. Awesome app is getting better and better. Milan, if you're not booked in, please get booked in. Have we still got room at the main hotel.

Speaker  181685:20
I think we

Speaker  182277:20
don't. Okay. Well, in tech, those last last minute people get those last minute tickets, and you can still, hopefully still get into the best activity, into some good activities. Whatsapp group will put a link in the chat there as well. So it's just me putting messages out so you won't miss any calls. Definitely get on that if you're not on it. And of course, partner spotlight has got to be Euka. So 15% off monthly, or 50% off annual, that's probably got to be one of the biggest discounts ever. So yeah, check that out, guys. So we'll obviously see a bit more about Euka. All right, so we'll start the regular recording from here. Hey guys, welcome to the Mogul call. So we've got Jordan on the call from Euka. I know some of you will be familiar with Euka, but some of you won't be, but we're going to be talking all about Tiktok shop and how we can maximize that affiliate revenue. I think, you know, over the last couple of years, a lot of people have found it to be either their new best channel or definitely a second best channel, and it works hand in hand, hand in hand with Amazon. So I'm very jealous of everyone that's had success on it. Hey, Jordan, how's it going?

Speaker  202874:40
Hey, doing well, Jamie, how are you doing?

Speaker  203594:40
Yeah, awesome. So what's your position at Euka, and how long you've been there? How's it been going?

Speaker  204890:40
Yeah, it's been awesome. So I am the Director of Sales and partnerships over at Euka. I have Jeremy on the call here as well. He's that the CEO and co founder of Euka. It's going incredible so far. Can I share a slide? Can I share my Yeah,

Speaker  209472:00
let's go. Let's get into it. Yeah.

Speaker  210000:00
Okay, perfect. Well, yeah, excited for to be here with you guys all and share a little bit about Euka. So I know quite a few of you from my time in the Amazon space, and truly, it was the MDS members who opened my eyes to Tiktok shop and the opportunity of Tiktok shop. So really excited to be here at Euka. You know, the number one Tiktok shop Outreach Tool, Affiliate marketing tool on the market. So Euka makes Tiktok affiliate marketing a lot easier by automating a lot of the outreach with our AI, so I've been at Euka for a couple of months now, and pretty incredible to see the brands that we've scaled just simply through automating creator outreach. And you know the data that we have to understand what top brands are doing on Tiktok shop. And it's pretty interesting to see, you know how many successful Amazon sellers, many MDS sellers who've been able to really shift their category to an entire new audience by pivoting to Tiktok shop. So excited to be on the call to show you guys the tool to answer questions, and also to be in Milan next week with a lot of you, we'll just want to have Jeremy introduce himself as well. So Jeremy, I'll kick it over to you.

Speaker  231301:20
Hey, everyone, first time here at the Mogul call I'm the co founder, CEO here at Euka, we started early last year, February 24 has been working with more than 1000 brands, some Tito shop and help brands and like Goldie Mary Ruth to scale their affiliate marketing program. And we're also working with other agencies in space. I think the most importantly, we are not just like a tool provider. We're here as a thought partner and early adopter of Tito shop really help brand to scale by providing strategy guidance as well as Euka as a tool. But yeah, happy to be here. Love to chat more about Euka later on.

Speaker  243600:00
Great. Thanks for being

Speaker  244720:00
here. Awesome. So yeah, I mean, I want to dive into the tool a little bit more. Tell you guys what makes Euka unique. I would say there are three main value propositions to Euka that sellers find to be the most efficient and effective to scale their operations. So the number one thing, I would say, is that Euka helps you to source and find the right creators. There are so many creators on Tiktok shop generating hundreds of 1000s of dollars. You know, there could be a girl generating 500k a month that you think is the best creator, but she's promoting makeup products or supplements, and it has nothing to do with pet products if you're promoting pet products. So what you could does it really helps you to find the right creators for your niche. A lot of brands, you know, they get excited about creators generating tons of money, and they want to work with those creators, but those aren't necessarily, necessarily going to be the creators that have the right audience for their products. So Euka was built on the Tiktok AI Jeremy was, you know, over at bytedance, before this really deep into the Tiktok shop world and understanding how to really manage the right creators. So Euka pulls in every single creator from all of Tiktok shop and gives you the ability to filter through those creators. So looking for creators that have generated X amount of GMV, creators that are posting what they say they will, creators who are Spanish and what you could does, it allows you to understand the trends that are working and to double down and to reach out to the right creators. So that is piece number one. I'll go into the second piece, which is managing and incentivizing creators at scale. So I always say Tiktok shop is so different than Amazon, in the sense with Amazon, people are, you know, we're trying new things, DSP, different keywords, long tail, day, partying, all these different things. Whereas with Tiktok shop, if you can see what's working for other brands, you can simply, simply replicate it and make it work for yourself. So we want to manage and incentivize creators at scale. A lot of the top brands are using incentive programs. They realize that a certain amount of their creators are generating a large chunk of their revenue. So rather than continuously reaching out to new creators and always trying to source creators, what a lot of the top brands do is they're incentivizing the creators they already have with contests and different type of incentive programs, whether that's gifts GMV targets to hit, so that they can keep doubling down with the right creators and build that core community of creators who represent their brand. The third piece of Euka that I want to mention is really analyzing trends in competitors. So with Amazon, we're familiar with so many different tools allowing us to see what other brands are doing, and in the Tiktok shop world, because it's so new, there's not as much of that data available. So because we are built on that Tiktok AI, we're able to pull in every single brand and every single product from all of Tiktok you can literally look at one of your competitors, see all of the creators that they're using, and reach out to those creators and say, Hey, I love the way you're promoting X, Y dog supplement. I know that your audience is interested in dog supplements, which is why I want you to promote my brand. So Euka gives you, you know, the social intelligence and the data to get very, very specific with your creators, to set them up for the best success. The more creators know about your brand, the better that they're going to perform for you. So those are the three main pillars that people are utilizing. Euka, of course, we have a lot more in there, and I'll walk you guys through the show the tool and give you a demo, but those are really the three main value propositions that I wanted to highlight. Yeah, any questions there, Jamie or anything you want to clarify.

Speaker  306512:00
Yeah, any questions, put them in the chat, but yeah, I guess, like, I guess the thing is, like, what we just want to see what it looks like in practice. Because obviously, when people talk about Tiktok shop affiliate, it seems easy, but I know that, like out of everyone who tries it, it's probably less than half, probably having, having having serious success with it. It's difficult to manage all these people. A lot of these videos don't seem to do much. Sometimes you get a video that pops, but it doesn't actually generate too much sales. And then a video will pop, and then you sell out of a year's worth of inventory a month. It's, you know, Amazon has its challenges, but it seems like Tiktok has a completely different set of challenges.

Speaker  318650:40
Yeah, 100% and of course, I will walk you guys all through the tool let you see what it looks like. Fazen, just to answer your question from the chat, what makes this tool different than fast moss? So the last part that I spoke about was kind of analyzing consumer trends and seller trends and what others are doing on Tiktok shop. That is a piece of you got, but the core of the product is really managing the Creator outreach at scale. I'm going to share my screen, and feel free to please continue to put questions in the chat, but I'm going to give you a walkthrough of the tool. So can you guys see my screen? Okay, Jamie, yeah, we got it. Okay, beautiful. So what we're going to do with Euka, I'm going to go back to that main value proposition that I mentioned, which is reaching out to creators. So reaching out to creators, finding the right creators, is very, very important, because those are the people who are going to be representing your brand, and though they have the audience that you want to attract. So looking here, you'd go in and you'd create a new bot. Any type of way you want to reach out to creator, you can utilize. You could do that. So if you want to do a message and target product collab card, a target collab only, a message and open product card, message only, message and photo, Euka gives you the ability to set up a bot that is going to do that outreach and simply do it for you, rather than you having to have a team member reach out to 2000 creators a day. The Euka AI will do that. So for the purpose of this demo, I'll walk you through the message and target collab product card, typically what I recommend for a lot of brands to start with, because it allows you to send a target collab invite as well as a DM at the same time. So you're essentially hitting the Creator from two different angles, which is going to give you an increase in responses. I'm going to go ahead here and set up the bot details. So you can set up the name. We'll call this one, MDS for this call, and then Euka connects directly to your seller center. So you'd go into your seller center and select the products that you want to ask creators to promote. From here you can set up time range that you want to reach out to creators, and then you can also set up who should receive your message. So you can set different parameters here. I know many people, probably many people on this call have been using Tiktok shop for a while and have already reached out to a bunch of different creators. And what this allows you to do is exclude creators you've already reached out to in the past. What you can also do is segment for different lists. So if you realize that you have a lot of Spanish creators who are very successful, you can reach out to a list of Spanish creators. If you realize goalie has great creators, I want to reach out to the creators goalie is using. You can make a list targeting the creators that goal is using. So you can get very targeted with Euka as well as you can be brought this here is where you set up the target collaboration. So very similar to what you would see in Tiktok shop, but essentially you're setting up the samples. So if you want to offer free samples, manually review requests, auto approve requests, you set up the commission percentage so you can let the Creator know right here the commission that you're going to be offering them for people who are doing spark ads, you have the ability to include shop ads commission here and let the Creator know that, hey, if we were to get your spark code later down the line and put some ad dollars behind this, we would give you more commission here as Well. Typically, people are giving creators a significant amount less commission here, but you can just let the Creator know, hey, we would give you some commission here as well. Here you can set up the content type. So if you want to do shoppable video, shoppable live, let's say you want to only target creators who are doing shoppable videos. And you don't want to have any shoppable lives, you can filter for that as well. And then you can type the message, so write a really targeted message going directly out to that creator. Right now, just out of curiosity, if you guys want to maybe put it in the chat, who here is sending follow up messages? Are you guys sending like, one message, or people typically sending up follow up messages to creators? Just a curiosity. Guido is should

Speaker  387696:00
have put zero if you don't send any messages, one, if you only send one, two, if you send the message and a follow up. If I give people only one letter to type, then I normally get the best. Okay,

Speaker  391045:20
that's good,

Speaker  391349:20
best response on the chat. Come on, guys. It's

Speaker  391861:20
not your first rodeo. Jamie, okay, we got a two for Guido,

Speaker  394197:20
okay, my guess is that most people are sending one message. I think that, yeah, feel free to prove me wrong, guys. But yeah,

Speaker  396170:40
I think you guys can prove me wrong too. But for the most part, in the market, what I've seen is that a lot of people are just sending one message. So within Euka, you have the ability to send multiple follow up messages, and we have intelligent follow up so we're going to follow up with the creators who are more likely to respond. So here we see the initial message. You can set up that custom message. Then you can add a follow up message I'm following to let you know that we've gotten new samples in stock. Let us know if you're interested. You can set this up to go, you know, three days later throughout that sample period, here you can go four days later, so you can continuously add follow up messages. So you're going to set up what you want the creators to get. So a lot of creators, they get one message, they're getting bombarded with messages all day. They don't respond. And then you can have these intelligent follow ups go out. So a lot of people who start using Euka will tell us that they notice a significant increase in creator responses just simply from implementing these follow ups without really having to take up their team's bandwidth to do more. This is how the message looks on Tiktok for the Creator. So you can see it looks directly coming from the brand. There's no way that a Creator would think like it's not you or you're utilizing a bot to do this at scale. Moving ahead here, we can target so when I first mentioned finding and sourcing the right creators for your brand, this is how we do it. So you can see here, we've pulled in every single creator on Tiktok shop, and what we do is we can filter for the right creators we want to look for. So for the purpose of this, let's say we're talking about an electrolyte electrolyte supplement. So I'll filter for creators who are promoting the food and beverage space, the health space, and sports and outdoors. Sorry, I'm just gonna cutting out a bit. You can filter for last month's revenue. So if you want to work with creators who've generated at least $500 of revenue in the last month, ensuring you're working with creators who know what they're doing, it's not their not their first rodeo. You can filter for follower count, which really isn't an important metric on Tiktok shop, because it is such a discovery tool. You can filter for creator data. So I'll use Jamie's strategy here. How many people have sent a creator a sample and the creator has accepted it and not actually posted it, put a two in the channel? If that has happened to

Speaker  437520:00
you, guessing? I'm guessing most people that sent samples out had that.

Speaker  438789:20
I'd assume so too. So a lot of the time, you know, creators, it's a Tiktok shop. Thank you. Alex. Tiktok shop is a part time thing for them, and they say, send me a sample, and they don't actually fulfill what they say they will. So we have the ability here to filter for the post fulfillment rate. So you can filter for creators who are actually fulfilling what they say they will typically just getting started with outreach here for this first initial filtering, we recommend you know 50% one and two products is a pretty good rule of thumb for this first initial outreach. You can select the gender, the languages, the follower demographics, the video performance. And then you can also select engagement rate and average shoppable video views, if you only want to reach creators who have at least a certain amount of average shoppable video views. So you can set these filters however you wish, and as simply, what you do is hit apply filters. And here we see it pulled in 13,000 creators that fit those parameters. So essentially, all the parameters that we set before, of the outreach, the messages, the timing, the commission, percentage, that logic is going to combine with this list, ultimately you would hit save, and then you could hit start, and that bot will start reaching out to all of those creators there. So,

Speaker  461194:40
and that's going to be, that's going to be limited by your Tiktok outreach limit, right?

Speaker  462250:40
That's going to be limited by your Tiktok outreach limit, exactly. And then all of it is tracked up here, so you can see, you know, the 2500 target invites that can go out, and then the 1000 messages that can go out. So that's really going broad to allow you to find all of the creators that are within your niche. So that would be the first piece there. Of course, you know, that's reaching out to a lot of creators. The second part of Euka is managing those creators. You are going to have creators accepting sample requests. You're going to have to fulfill all those requests. And then we allow you to manage the entire affiliate life cycle through Euka. So I'm going to move over here into my creators and into the segments. What we have here is the affiliate funnel in different segments, so you can always utilize the eukabot to do that first page of piece of outreach to the creators. So looking here, we see creators with approved samples, creators with content pending, creators who have posted a video. You can set up various different logics here. But for an example, when you have a creator with an approved sample, you can create a bot to send them a welcome message and to send them the creative brief. So the second that samples approved, you can create a bot sending them a message in a creative brief, a creative brief, giving them hey, this is exactly what I want you to promote. So making it really easy to go to all those creators at one time. Same thing here. Once you have a creator with content pending, you can send them, you know, a message and a photo with the product saying, hey, really looking forward to seeing your post, kind of giving them a little reminder to post. Creators who have posted a video, you can create a bot to ask them for their spark codes, making that collection a lot easier. So I'll walk you through that. You can go into message and spark code Form, Form customization. You can ask them your brand tone, your brand voice, to ask them for their spark code. You can select what you want to ask the email, the phone number, bot details. You can set up the time range you want it to go out. And ultimately, what it's going to look like for the creator is this, so they're going to get that spark code collection form from you with the video asking for their spark code and asking when it will expire. So it gives you guys the ability to reach out to all of your creators at once and ask for that spark code, rather than having to do those one on one back and forth conversations. You within the affiliate CRM, we also have the ability to create creative briefs directly in here, pulling in the data that you want to provide creators with. I'll just pop one open for you, but you can give an exact creative brief directly within Euka, and then Euka will send it out with the bot. The affiliate CRM allows you to manage a few different things. There's also the contests, which is one of our most unique features, which Jeremy is going to touch on a little bit after I go through the tool. But contests really allow you to double down on those incentive programs and to really nurture your Creator relationships, that you can have them as part of your own community. I want to show you the social intelligence feature and a lot of this can support you with actually creating those creator briefs. So Leo, just to kind of showing you the data that we scrape, what we can do here is we pull in every single brand on all of Tiktok shop. So we can see the brand name, the number of SKUs that brand is selling, and the total sales generated for that brand. So we can see this for all of these different brands, and we can also see it for products. So let's say I am selling an electrolyte powder, electro light powder. Look light powder. And I want to see what are top electrolyte brands doing, with Euka and outreach and creators that I can do the same. So let's say I have a brand. I want to see what liquid IV is doing, because I know that they're super successful. So looking here, I can see this product. I can see all the videos featuring this product. So we can see when the video was posted, the revenue driven for that video, the views associated with that video, the likes with that video. So something really interesting that you can do with Euka is that you can add creators to list. So I could essentially target all the creators that liquid IB is using. Are all their creators going to be good creators? Probably not. So what I would want to do is go into the filters and look for creators that have generated at least $100 in GMB over the last period of time. And then what you can do is add creators to list and go top GMB like liquid IV, and essentially send out a bot to these creators. So what you can do is you can utilize social intelligence to be more strategic with your messaging. So I can create this list and then set up a bot and make the messaging much more targeted and say, Hey, I love the work you've done for liquid IV. I know that you have a big community of athletes, which is why I think you'd be a great fit to promote my electrolyte brand. Because of your audience, I want to actually give you a 30% commission so you can get very strategic with the social intelligence and use it to to your advantage to work with creators at a higher level. Within here we have different categories. So you can look at category. Let's say you want to look at the health category as a whole. You can see the top brands, goalie, micro, ingredients, O positive. You can see the top videos in this category, and you can see the products in this category. So even for someone who's looking to launch a new product on Tiktok shop, they can utilize the social intelligence to see what else is going on in the market. For a lot of brands who need to build that up, it's important for creators. I always say creators see dollar signs. They see goalie they see Mary Ruth. They think these are the brands that I want to work with, because they're generating so much money, I think that I'll get a piece of that. But for a lot of cold start brands, it's not always so easy to get top creators to work with you. So we kind of have a fast track piece within Euka, which is called Star creators. So Euka, we have our own internal creator community. Create top tier creators who apply to be part of our community, and they have to be generating at least 10k a month in GMV to qualify for our star Creators Program. So what the star creators program does? It allows you to essentially do a paid collab and work with these top tier creators on a retainer. So we basically allow you to, you know, pay up front $1,000 for 30 high converting videos from these top creators, and then this allows cold start brands to be working with top creators right off the jump, rather than having to wait and build up that revenue so that the top creators are excited to work with them. It gives them the access to these top creators right away. So you're paying a flat fee for the video and giving the Creator commission as well. But these are creators who are who are generating a lot of revenue. So it's often worth the investment upfront to get access to these top creators. So that really is the three main pieces of Euka. We also have the AI creator search. So let's say I have a dog supplement that I'm going to start. You can use the AI creator search to scrape Tiktok. So I just typed up dog here, and it's going to show me all of the creators who are speaking about dogs. So all of these creators here see up something about dogs in their bio. It scrapes their videos. So let's say I was selling a supplement for joint pain. I can just go in here and type up joint pain. And there are about 60 people here who are talking about joint pain. You can add these creators to a list. Send them a bot saying, Hey, I know you've been speaking about joint pain. We have a supplement that helps joint pain. So that is really, you know, the high level of Euka. Um, I want to make sure that I answer any questions, and we'll definitely have some time at the end for Q and A, but I'm gonna kick it over to Jeremy to go into some of the special features that we have within Euka that a lot of our clients don't know about. With Euka, we are always building. Since the day I started, we have built more in exciting things. So I think it's really important to highlight all of the exciting new features that we have. So I'm going to share a different screen here, and then just kick it over to Jeremy to talk about some of our new exciting things, like the auto responder bot, the AI moderation, and then go more into the contests here as well.

Speaker  601989:20
Awesome. Thanks, Jordyn, yeah, there are a few AI feature or more advanced features that we don't really like promote as often. So we'll have to take this chance to really give you a overview of some hidden gems that we have internally. So first thing is this autoresponder bot that we developed a few months ago. So basically, a lot of our brands say, Hey, we've spent so much time our reps, our associates are spend like hours every day to reply to creators messages right within Tiktok shops at a center, which is not very efficient. So that's why we build this autoresponder bot to to help to brand, to reply to creators messages. So how it works is that you can fit in a Q FAQ template here to to teach our AI, to learn about your your your your brand, and then your your messaging. So given a questions or what's the answers you wanted to to give to creators? So you can build up this pages of FAQ and then for our AI to learn. Once our AI has learned, you can go to this test mode, say, for example, a shipping time, right? You can test this day questions and see how our AI will reply to this question. So this is the answer we'll send to the chat, for example, right? And then you can just build out this FAQ yourself, and then can say, hey, when you wanted to activate this autoresponder bot to really help you to answer some of this, like very generic or common questions. And we also have analytics here, so you can see, hey with in the last seven days or 14 days, how many of the response has been covered by AI. And then if you go to activity log here, you can see it for each of these creators message whether they have been skipped or they have been answered by AI, and if they are, they have been skipped. You can look into this message and see, hey, how can how can you better optimize this FAQ or ml content here, so gradually the AI can cover more of the ground, right, and you can spend less time in replying to our Creator's message. Does that make sense here?

Speaker  641184:00
Yeah, any questions on that? Guys in the chat?

Speaker  643440:00
All right,

Speaker  643744:00
all right. So this is one of the advanced AI features that we have. Secondly, we just launched a sample request automation within Euka. So within you got here, if we're putting all the sample requests here on the product level, you can filter by timing as well. You can see, hey, how many sample requests are coming in, and how many you have rejected, how many you have approved. And then you can set up this auto approval automation. So based on the number of followers or the GMA GME threshold or average views post rate, you can say, Hey, why to auto apply approved samples phone creators who have more than 10k GMV with more than 1000 average video view or and more than 80% post rate, and they can save this setting and run this auto automation. And now AI will log into your asset center, automatically scan to all these simple requests, and then if those simple requests met have met this criteria, we'll just auto approve for you. So this is another automation that we just launched that our brands love to use. So the second part just go to the last part that Jordan mentioned about our contest feature, which is our feature, or beloved feature, by a lot of our brands, like Goldie and Mary. They are running our contest through Euka. And the purpose of like contest feature is that, instead of giving out samples to every creators, or maybe you give out 300 samples, 500 samples. Is there another way to run this as a more as a incentive program, so you can save money on the sample cost, but instead, you can design different incentive to encourage those creators to post more content, right? Let's say you have $1,000 budget for sampling, but instead of giving those samples to new creators, you can spend this $1,000 with your existing creators and then get design different tiers. Here, for example, you can do the posting challenges. If they post seven videos, you give them 50 bucks or 100 bucks. So eventually what you're paying for is validated quality content, right, that have already driven sales for you, and they just give the money to those people who who already have those improvement videos. You can take those videos and get the users right. You can run jMv Max. You can use that to run, you know, meta ads, right, using other platform. So that's the purpose of like, why we are running have this feature in the first place, and I was seeing AI mere Ruth and Goldie have seen great success of running contests with their creators. First, you can, like, really, build really good relationship with your Creator. Secondly, the hour is pretty high. Jordan, can you share the slides there? We have small case studies that we can share with you.

Speaker  692176:00
You're on mute, Jordan,

Speaker  692864:00
thank you, Alex, here I have the April the April monthly challenge Jeremy popped up here. You put it up? Yeah. Can you see that here?

Speaker  696533:20
Yeah. So this is one of our brands from the fashion category, so they have been running a posting challenge in the last month, and they have activated more than 30 creators, and then get like, 600 piece of content back because of this contest, and then we've seen 18% 18 times more of post rate per sample for this brand, and 2.5 row ads here. So basically, what what you're paying for is you're paying top, top creators for their content, and just take those content to run GMB Max, and this has been proven to be pretty effective in cultivating your Creator a base here can go to the next slide. Yeah, yeah. So here's this quick overview of what kind of a contest you can write. Can run posting challenges, like, how many videos for a certain amount of money? Or you can run GME challenges. Hey, if you hit 10k GME, 20k G M, V, would give you certain rewards. Like, for example, like gold is giving out Tesla, but you don't have to do Tesla. You can give them some cash rewards, or some, you know, physical or product rewards? We've seen some success there as well. And then we can run leaderboard contest, or CPM contest. I think the risk, for example, they are paying like, $2 $3 per CPM. That has been seen great. They've seen great, great results from there as well.

Speaker  721168:00
Yeah. Something else I'll add in is that, like, a lot of brands can actually use, like a posting challenge is like a type of paid collab. So you look here it was like, post 10 videos per week earn $50 post 20 videos a week earn $100 some of the brands that I work with, they'll basically set up recurring contests saying, every single week, I want you to generate 20 videos, and I'll give you $500 and this contest happens every single week. So you can also utilize the contents feature for paid collabs. When you do find your top creators and realize, hey, you have 20 creators that work the best, you can send out a contest just for those creators as a unique, way of putting them on a retainer. Um, and yeah, that's kind of what it looks like if you look at the right side here. It's like posting 10 videos when, and then recurring weekly challenge so letting those contests continue. Um, and then Jeremy, do you want to kind of explain how the setup works here?

Speaker  736346:40
Yeah, yeah, the setup is pretty simple, right? For posting challenges, you just say hey, tell them how many videos they will need to post within a week or within a month. And then for GMV challenges, you have different tiers of GMV goal, right? Hey, 10k, gnV, 1k, ding, five, 500 GMV. And then you have different rewards that you wanted to list there. And then once this has been set up, you can just publish it, and then we give you a really nice landing page to share with your creators. And then once they opt in, they can see their rankings, right? We have a leaderboard building for that landing page so creators can see their rankings and they can submit their videos as well, and as well as spark codes. And so we can collect those sparkles. You can see the videos, and they can do payouts through Euka, so you don't need to handle, like, 1099, that kind of stuff. Awesome.

Speaker  751290:40
Yeah. And then just kind of jumping into special MDS only, of course, we want to offer everyone in MDS 15% off our monthly plan, 50% off our annual plan. And then for those in Milan, we're going to have a few other exclusive discounts to offer you. But I know Jeremy and I just spoke a lot about Euka, the tool, what it does, how brands use it. So really want to open the floor up to the community here and answer any questions that you guys have. I know there's been some good ones in the chat, but really just want to open it up here and Jamie, you know,

Speaker  760917:20
Jeremy, while we wait some more questions in the chat. Do you want to just go over the questions that you've answered in the chat?

Speaker  762485:20
Yes, let me just go through this questions. What makes this tool different from fastmos? I think Jordan touched upon that a little bit. Basically our social intelligence tool is, you can think of a mini fasmos, and then we fully integrated into Euka. So can I look at different products, different creators. You can just like, reach out to those creators if you'd like them, right, to build less so we kind of integrate many fast MOS Kat data within Euka. Second question from Leo, how you handle outreach limits? So yeah, we follow Tiktok out your limits there. But if you had a bigger brand, more than 10 million GME across platform, we can help you to get whitelisted by Tiktok so we don't let you won't be limited by, you know, how many messages you can send per per week. So that we can help with, do you see high GME creators? Yeah, I think high GMV creators are definitely got bombarded by, you know, different brands. But here, I think with Euka, what we help is, first of all, we provide a multi channel for you to reach out to those top creators you really wanted to reach out to those top creators. You can send them DM target email and email. And second thing where we enable is I can do AB testing right through Euka. So set up different bots you can offer in different commission rate and different use different message template as well, and then to see that what kind of template or incentive that's more resonating with those top creators. So that's on that front, but I started to encourage our brand to really look at those training creators. That's why we build our social intelligence, right? We have a discover trends tab there. You can search for specific keywords to look at, hey, which creators trending right now? And you can reach out to those trending creators instead of competing with the top creators. So that's AI. The strategy here that we encourage our brand to do more,

Speaker  795397:20
right? Thanks. Jeremy, any follow ups on that let us know.

Speaker  796954:40
So what

Speaker  797514:40
sort of support can you give and what recommendations would you give for sellers that sort of use Tiktok shop and affiliates in general to understand the features and make the best use of the strategy in Euka?

Speaker  801168:00
Good question. So although our features are most complete, more advanced than other tools in the market, I think another thing that's throughout is we have really good account management team. Our team members are actually have experienced scale titou brand to 7667, figures. We hire them from agencies and from from brand side. So we do have account management services here if you are on our growth plan. So we help you to set up your Euka, and we look at your product, your store, and really design the the you know, the strategy along with you, and then we have regular check ins, so that part is very differentiated. Really sees a lot of a call star brands. And love to use you that because we have this more high touch way of like working with our brands.

Speaker  815306:40
And are you guys seeing that most of your successful customers, your most successful customers are doing this all in house, or are they using agencies for Tiktok shop? I

Speaker  818816:00
so lot of our top brands, they started with working with agencies, and then gradually moved a lot of things in house. By the same time, lot of brands are still working with a different agencies. For example, Mary Luther, they have in house program, but also working with agency that tap agency to look for more creators and maybe work with AI live agency. So I think there's a hybrid mode here for for a lot of top brands,

Speaker  825941:20
so an agency can be quite good to get started exactly when you your products don't have enough history on them, and just an agency can help get you moving. Okay, yeah, interesting.

Speaker  829514:40
Jamie, just jumping in there because I found this super interesting and something very different from the Amazon space. But what a lot of agencies will do is they'll have, like, a 90 day cold start plan where they'll set up your shop, get you off the ground, get things rolling for you, and then kind of slide the account back over to you to manage, which is unique in Tiktok shop, but yeah, as Jeremy said, like truly, I've seen such a hybrid approach, like so many successful big brands doing it themselves, some who aren't even on Amazon, and then some who have agencies who are like tsp partners, tap partners.

Speaker  837765:20
And have you noticed any any agencies or service providers that you think have been particularly good? Yeah,

Speaker  839493:20
I think we definitely have a lot

Speaker  840693:20
of

Speaker  841061:20
strong partners there. Go for for for information, and we can look at your product and match up with your some of the agencies that we will recommend. So different agencies have different strengths, right? Some are pretty good at life, some are pretty good at short management. Some are good at affiliates. So if you guys have any agency kind of needs, please let us know. We can link you up with agencies. We'll

Speaker  847690:40
connect you with right people based off your needs. I don't want to just give you guys random agencies. Now, depends on what you need, but any one of you can DM me and I'll send my information, and can definitely make those connections for everyone in MDS.

Speaker  851504:00
Awesome. So next question, what can you share about your roadmap for the rest of the year?

Speaker  853440:00
Yeah, one of the things that we are really excited about is the cross platform. Things like we're thinking about, how can we take what we built on Tita shop to other platforms? Right? So one of the platforms are we're looking at right now is Amazon affiliates. So how can we use Tito shop affiliates, where our Creator database right now we for the Creator database. We have actually not just Tiktok shop creators. We have, like Instagram, YouTube, other platform creators as well. So how can we leverage what we have and then automatic outreach as key strengths here to enable Amazon sellers to do Amazon affiliates better, right? I think that's one thing that we're looking at. Secondly is just community building. So a lot of brands and they wanted to use us to build up their creator community within discord, for example. And how can we build a automation between this integration with discord so that you can, like, send, for example, contests to your discord channel. You can send my most popular videos or create a brief from Euka directly with your discord. So we're thinking about the to improve the community building automation and and things there to have a better integration with this course. So that's number two, and number three is our community of creators. So we have a few 1000 creators in our community, and how can we leverage them to serve our Euka brands better, to get them to work with our our our our brands on the more regular basis, and we have coaches there to coach those creators to make better content. So those three things are our focus for for this year,

Speaker  883840:00
right? Thanks. Jeremy. Next question is, what sort of price points do you see are working the best? Our biologists are asking particularly about 15 to $20 products. But in general, what price points do you see are working the best?

Speaker  887765:20
I think the product between 25 to $45 are usually doing well on Tita shop. And one thing the product is not that high, and the consumer will be more likely to purchase the product on the platform. Secondly, the margin wise, just factoring other shipping commission rate, you actually could potentially make a profit, right? So I think that the sweet spot will be around that range,

Speaker  894634:40
enough to be an impulse buy, but expensive enough to give the Creator a meaningful commission from it.

Speaker  896400:00
Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker  897712:00
Okay. Question from Jenny, are these contest mechanics pages sent to the Creator individually as direct messages, or, how does it? How does it look to the creators?

Speaker  901392:00
Jordyn, do you want to share the quick review thing? Yeah, yeah. We do have a very interesting simulation there, within Euka. I can see that actually how the message look like,

Speaker  905669:20
yeah. Let me pop that open. Mm,

Speaker  908938:40
you can click on message only, for example, yeah,

Speaker  909786:40
so just looking here create a new bot. Go message only, time range. Yeah. Can you see that? Okay,

Speaker  913456:00
yeah. So we do have simulator here. You can see by product card with message or message only, and then how they look like,

Speaker  915648:00
yeah? So you can see like it looks just like it's becoming on behalf of the

Speaker  916640:00
brand, yeah. I guess the question was about how the contests, how did the contests look?

Speaker  917925:20
Oh, how did the contest look? Yeah, let me show you. So just gonna jump into one of the contests here. So let's say we're setting it up for I want to create or to post 50 videos. If you post 50 videos, I'll give you a cash reward of $1,000 to qualify, you need to at least generate $300 and then you can set that up. And then, here you see, it will show a quick preview with the Creator, so you'll put your brand in the background. The prizes enter contest, and they can ultimately go in here. Here I'll just contest name Max budget. You can put in the description, MDS, review and publish, create, and then I'll just pop this open, and then this is how it will look. Contest, the prizes, if it's a one time challenge, if it's recurring at your submissions, it will allow you to see the top submissions, so seeing where you rank compared to the other creators also in the contest.

Speaker  936853:20
So basically, how, how do you pay the winners of the contest? Yeah,

Speaker  937877:20
so this is paid like through through your stripe card that you have set up with Euka. We'll do the payout through PayPal to that.

Speaker  939738:40
Yeah, we also pay creators through PayPal, and then PayPal handles with 1099 Yeah,

Speaker  941770:40
great. So Alex vanilla has got some questions. Alex Jo on mute,

Speaker  943386:40
yeah, Sweet. Thanks for that. Jordyn, that was awesome. I do have a few questions in regards to so I was just taking notes as you went. So kind of in random order, can we, can we visit the Jump Start one more time? That sounds pretty cool. If it was,

Speaker  948448:00
that would be the star creators.

Speaker  949296:00
And so the when you say $1,000 to 30 videos, you're going to get 30 videos from 30 different people, or one Creator is going to do this. Or,

Speaker  951669:20
yeah, so you can set you can set it up differently. I'll just kind of show you how it's set up here. But you can basically select how many creators do you want? Do you want three videos from three different creators do you want to use? How many different creators do you want to use? You want to use? And then you get to actually approve the creators, make sure they align with your brand before you're selecting them to work with you.

Speaker  957706:40
And these are just like higher level creators that would be it would be worth the $33 per video, because technically they have proven GMB.

Speaker  960640:00
Exactly they have proven GMB. They've had, like, an interview with our team to get into the community. We're selective. Is this?

Speaker  962688:00
Is this new? Has it been around for a while? I'm curious, like, what the take rate is on the Creator side. How many creators are actually interested and and especially, if the product is brand new, it has no sales, will they, I guess, kind of sacrifice the health score of their own account to push a product that has no sales or $33

Speaker  969125:20
yeah, it's really depends on the the product and then your commission. Some of the brands give like 50% commission, right? Then our creators, yeah, we would like to take a chance on the new product, but, yeah, the top creators usually will be living more hesitant, like promoting a kind of like, zero sales, your review type of product. But it could work. Could work just depends on the specific case here.

Speaker  975962:40
Yeah, that's a really cool feature. I think that's a game changer. The other question I had was in regards to I saw Jordyn, you kind of answered already by being able to at least set a GMV requirement for these post contests. Have we thought about or is it not relevant to maybe not have a GMV qualification, but just a view qualification, like I can see creators just post like, 10 videos in one day that are like five seconds long to kind of hack the system. Or do we need to approve the winners? Is there some kind of filter for that?

Speaker  985381:20
But posting challenges, you can, like, set GME threshold. They have to at least make one cell, for example, right in order to create 45 for this. So we do have that building. So

Speaker  988010:40
I guess that, I guess that kind of makes the need for a view filter obsolete. One last question is the have we thought about having automation to message sample requesters. We do that now manually, just to kind of add one more touch point before we give sample. You say, hey, we saw your sample request. Checked Out. Your account. Looks awesome. Do you think you can kill it for us or what? And then they just don't reply. Then just like, All right, well, you're not getting a sample, but the ones that do reply, you know, it's an extra touch point. They're excited about our product. When it arrives, it's going to get done. Have is there automation for that?

Speaker  999573:20
We do have sample requested status. Jordan, you can, I think I remember we have that. So you can use our sample request. The status of this, Chris, is sample requested. So let me share my screen here, send request here. So in this segments tab, you can create a custom segment here. Right you can say sample requested set

Speaker  1009328:00
I don't see your screen. Is that me or Oh, kidding me?

Speaker  1010944:00
Okay, see now, yeah, yeah. So basically, within our segments tab here, you can create a custom segment for yourself. You can say simple requested creators. And we do have status here. You can say when the status creators is simple

Speaker  1016037:20
requested,

Speaker  1016405:20
yeah? So you can just create a segment and then send them automatic message, yeah. We have some advanced status here. Even titoux shop doesn't have that right, for example, that has a sample, we actually group a few different status here to say, if this created already have a sample, we don't want to reach out to them again, for example, for similar product kind of stuff. So we have some more advanced status here that we created internally.

Speaker  1024074:39
Awesome, sweet, thanks, thanks. That's all. That's all. I've got. No problem.

Speaker  1026048:00
Any other questions?

Speaker  1026928:00
Great, yeah, we've got time for one or two more questions. If anyone has any in the meantime, if we could get the feedback form into the air table, because I'm always looking for your feedback on these calls. Guys, yeah. So if you haven't given feedback for you, just give a quick rating of one to 10. You can write in some extra stuff if you need. Just helps me to make these calls as awesome as possible. So, oh, looks here like book a call with Jordan. That is her email. Or you can go straight into Callen lead there, yeah. Generally, generally, if someone's interested from MDs, they will talk to you. They can talk to you first detail,

Speaker  1036394:40
yeah, if anyone like wants to set up a call, even just to ask questions to clarify anything, maybe you're shy and didn't want to ask questions in front of the group, uh, happy to have a one on one call. Answer any questions. Show you guys more of the platform. I just put my meeting link in the chat as well here. So happy to chat and answer any questions that anyone has and do some research together. And as Jeremy said, like, I think one of, one of the great things about you guys that we really do have, like, great support. Like, I'll jump on a call with you multiple times, walk you through setting things up. We want to make sure that everyone has the best experience with Euka, and not just the tool, but the team is a big part of what makes us successful.

Speaker  1046805:20
And then you have a more than 10 mil GMB, we can get you a Tiktok account manager. So so we do have that access if you wanted to talk to us,

Speaker  1050117:20
yeah. And if you want a recommendation for an agency, then you guys know, will know, based on the brand, who might be a good bet, right? Because you can see which with you can see which agencies are getting success for what kind of products. All right. Well, I wish everyone the best of luck. I hope everyone gets videos pop in and, yeah, you get to launch and sell your existing products. So thanks very much. Guys, yeah, don't forget to book that call in. And yeah, MDS discount is 15% a month or 50% on the annual so that's awesome. Thanks, guys,

Speaker  1060304:00
thanks for having

Speaker  1060816:00
us. Have a good day. Bye. Thank you, bye, bye.
