Expert Call with Highbeam
Date: January 28, 2025

Speaker  864:00
Welcome everyone. We have high beam today, and they are going to talk about scaling profitability. Thank you guys for coming here today.

Speaker  3392:00
Hi everyone. Nice to be here. I'm Will the head of credit at high beam. I'm also here with Sameer, our co founder and CEO, we're going to speak about scaling property profitably and smart strategies for million dollar sellers. First, a little bit about myself and Sameer, before we get going on that Sameer is our founder. Prior to founding high beam, he helped scale product and business at app Nexus, which is a leading e commerce technology platform, which is acquired by AT and T he also was at McKinsey and Microsoft prior to that, and got his MBA from Harvard Business School as well. I got my MBA from Morgan instead of Harvard, the head of credit at high beam. I was the First US Finance hire at way fire, where I helped scale the team and eventually becoming a uniform Unicorn has been more than tripled in head count, excited to be here, leading our credit arm, where we provide lines of credit, as well as credit cards for DTC brands and Amazon sellers,

Speaker  19648:00
and then Sabir. Let you take it from here.

Speaker  20128:00
Yeah, thanks for having us, and we're excited to be here. I think that just quickly on high beam. We are a banking and cash management platform for consumer brands. So we believe that the economics and cash flow management for consumer brands, people selling like MDs, sellers physical goods online, are unique in that there's a lot of money coming in, a lot of money going out. It's very hard to manage manually, and we build hybrid to solve that problem. So we'll talk a bit more about that. But in a nutshell, we're founded in 2021 we have overturned 50 customers. We managed north of 1.5 billion in transactions. And on the right here we see some of our customers. I think the core message here is, most of our customers are in the I'd say, 5 million to $50 million size, and partly that's because we try to make a concerted effort to make sure that we work very closely with our customers to optimize cash flow, make sure they see the value from it. And we'll talk a bit more about that as we go through this. So just again, our customers broad definition of consumer brands, basically anyone selling physical goods. And the reason is, if you're selling physical goods, you're spending on inventory and marketing ahead of sales or working capital intensive, managing cash flow is a real problem. And so our customers come across the spectrum. Some examples here, apparel, footwear, food and bed, health and wellness, women, lifestyle, some MDS members here as well. So just kind of give you a sense of the types of customers who work with high beam. So quickly, today's session, I know it'll also be recorded, so hopefully valuable people listen to. But what we'd like to do quick intros, talking more about high beam. And again, if anyone the call has any questions or comments like we'll point this to be interactive, to ask what people have. So we'll take a look at the comments. We'll try to answer any questions you may have. So please ask anything and everything, and we can go from there. So just to begin, I think that one overlooked pillar of how you run your E commerce brand is how you manage the cash flow through the enterprise. Everyone thinks a lot about their marketing and their product and their fulfillment and their shipping, and to us, that's one very important side of the equation. But the other side is, how does cash enter your business? How is it processed, and how does it exit? And that's super important for a few reasons. One, if you're not taking a close look, there's all these hidden fees in the banking and Bill Pay system that are eating away at that cash and the moment it hits, the moment it leaves. So you gotta be aware of that. Two, there's this unpredictability in cash flows, because you don't know. It's hard to predict how much the sales are going to be on Amazon or Shopify. Projecting forward is hard, and that makes it difficult to know. How can you maximize yield? How can you plan for capital? And that's a unique problem a lot of times, because e commerce, consumer brands, and lastly, most businesses the finance team, if they exist, are really underwater and overworked, as most people are, lots of kind of accounts payable, lots of accounts receivable. It's just hard to stay on top of and so we're really looking to try to solve these three major problems that we've seen most e commerce brands have. And

Speaker  74469:20
Samir, from your conversations with, you know, companies every day. Which of these three do you think is like, the biggest challenge that most brands are facing right

Speaker  76554:40
now? Yeah, it's a question. I think that they're all interrelated. I think what we hear a lot of is, you know, the main cash flow problem is, I'm running out of cash. And you're like, Well, yes, and that's a symptom, usually not the cause. It's. We're also trying to look through what's the cause, and a lot of times it's a process that gives you predictable visibility into cash flow does not be perfect, but having some sort of process that can give you predictability of cash flow that you can then use to decide what's going on, how to do it, that's usually the starting point for a lot of the work we do. I So what can you do about this? Right? We always recommend, at a minimum, of taking nothing else away from this call do an assessment and see if there's value here. So one stop leaving money on the table. Most banks were not designed for online consumer brand. They operate a 0% checking account. All the money comes out, sits there, goes out, and because of the seasonality and daily flows, there's 10s to hundreds of 1000s of dollars that in free cash flow is just available if you were to optimize this. So at a minimum, whether you're hiding from someone else, reach out and get an assessment of how much money you're talking about. Two there's a lot of nickel and diming and hidden costs and ACH fees and wire fees and account fees that just the banks have built up over time. Make sure that you're not paying those you shouldn't be. There's no reason to third, this is a key one. Know Your true APR and know your interest expense a lot of founders and finance teams will talk to very smart but you say, do you really know how much you spent in interest last year, what your effective APR was? And they don't. And the number of surprises, a lot of times, it'll be like, Oh, we actually were had a 33% APR, which is not unheard of. And you know, you have to be sure that you know what your APR is and how much you paid interest. And lastly, wherever possible, I understand that always possible reduce reliance of high interest capital. A lot of the loans that do not disclose APR, the reason they don't disclose is because they're high interest. So, you know, make sure you know what you're getting into it. It might be the right thing to take a 35% interest loan, but go in the eyes wide open. That means that you're saying your business will return in the time period required a better than 35% return. Now, that can be true for a lot of businesses, but it's not true for a lot, and so just know the trade offs there. And this again, just know your information and be smarter. It's something that doesn't come naturally to a lot of people, and that's why we're so excited about providing the tools to do this. Yeah,

Speaker  119605:20
I think one thing that I see a lot from the credit standpoint is brands are coming in, looking to refinance this high interest debt, or they have different offers on the table from it where, you know, high beams, since we are a banking platform as well as a lender. You know, I'm able to act, and our relationship management team is able to act as a source of strategic input on like, one of these terms makes sense, and also calculating, like, what the true APR is, because sometimes taking offer, like not taking a line of credit from Ibeam, doesn't make sense compared to other offers on the table. And we're there to help you dig through the fees and understand it, to see what the true value or true cost is of whatever you're saying, because they do try to word a lot of these agreements and as confusing a legal terminology as possible. Yeah.

Speaker  131184:00
And just to kind of expound on that a bit, we really view our role here as the banking platform and advisor so that you pick the right product, even if it's not with high beam. And a lot of times that'll be advice like, do not take a working capital loan to open a store, because you're mismatching the payment schedule for the working capital with the return from the capital investment. So maybe either go do it or look for something cheaper, like SBA loan or other options, you know. And so it's important, unless you already have this information, or someone like a CFO that you work with that has this, to make sure that you're just educated on what's out there. There's a lot of predatory lending in the space, and you just make sure that you know all the facts when you go into it. And this, I really believe, is an underutilized lever, like there's a lot of profitability that you can unlock just by ensuring your cash flow has as much focus as your product does. So think of the time and effort you put on your product, and all the effort you go to with your fulfillment supplier and selling and all that stuff. Now, what percentage time you're looking at that on your cash flow, there's actually a lot of low hanging fruit there. You know, whether it be making sure you pay your bills right when you should not know not any before you should. But also doing things like understanding what are supplier terms that I should be getting given my size? How do I negotiate those? How do I make sure they're better like, those are things where the cheapest form of capital you're going to get is supply of terms. So accounting for that, understanding that doing an assessment, those are all things that you need to make sure you do a lot of the time. The stress that comes from running a when we talk to our friends at consumer brand, all the stress is cash flow related, right? Is like, Am I under shooting so I'm not buying. Have enough inventory spending for marketing or my overshooting, I'm going to run out of cash, and these are tough problems, but I think the stick your head in the sand approach rarely works. So the degree that we can be helpful other tools can be helpful in helping unlock that profitability, that's part of the reason we exist, and we've seen up to 10 to 20% improvement in profitability just by doing better cash flow management when it comes to yield, lending, AP, AR and cash flow visibility, yeah,

Speaker  168949:19
and some of the better companies that I've seen when you're strengthening that supply relationship and now you're getting reduced terms up front, getting the pay later and later by like, building that strong supplier relation, then it avoids the need to get outside financing, because your supplier is financing that AP for you. So it's really important to think about how you're having that relationship, keeping them happy, so that they could eventually improve your terms and help you with your working capital cycle. Yeah, and this

Speaker  175482:39
can be difficult when you first start, because a lot of times when you start relationship, it's not as easy. But as you see, not as easy. But as you scale, a lot of MDS sellers are in this bucket. I'm sure where you have an ongoing relationship, it is the right place to start. The more that you can share with them. A lot of times suppliers are willing to work with you. And you know, the more that you can kind of show your visibility and show what your parents do with the Kat, I think the easier those conversations become. Yeah,

Speaker  181605:20
I think it goes both like, with suppliers and with you know, if you have lending partners as well, like, the more open you are with communication. Like, if somebody misses two payments and they haven't said anything to us, then that starts to raise red flags you would be proud to be contact and understand, versus if they reached out beforehand and said, Hey, there's a cash flow law about we're expecting a big payout in three days, just a heads up that the balance is low, then you know, the relationship continues as usual, because we're worried ahead of time. So with most of these, like, proactive communication can really go a long way in helping you, like, maintain those relationships and keep getting those cash flow benefits.

Speaker  191258:40
So how do you do this, right? So just in terms, again, of our core message here is, cash flow management is mission critical to e commerce, brand, consumer brands in general, it's really hard to do well because it's very manual. And third, we believe that we can help by automating a lot of these tasks. So because we're designed for consumer brands, there's certain things that you can do, either manually or platforms like high beam, to make sure your yield management is set on autopilot. Make sure your forecasting is set up so that the actuals update automatically. So you have to manually pull in data every day. We have people that really want well run brands that daily will pull in all this cash flow information from their credit cards and their bank accounts and put this kind of Frankenstein spreadsheet together. And that's actually best practice, but there's ways you can automate that so that you don't have to do that. And then, you know, as you scale your brand, you want to make sure that your processes pick the right process for the right size of the brand, right? If you're a one person finance team, you need a different process. If you have 50 person finance, you need a different process. And so a lot of what the work we do is understanding what is the right process to automate your cash flow processes. And here's the key point, implement the process that's actually doable with the time you have. A lot of people will say like, well, I have a money market account that's making 4.2% and we'll say, Well, how much did you transfer money in that event? They're like, Well, I didn't do any of that. I did it once a quarter. Maybe. Like, yeah, so your effective yield was point 5% pick a process that you can get effective yield of three, three and a half percent, but make sure that you get it the same thing with lending. You'll be like, you know, well, I have this low EPR. People fixate on that, and you're like, Well, you over finance so many times because you didn't pay it down, because it wasn't the line of credit. So just make sure you understand the trade offs in your process so you get what you need for the size you have with the time of the team. You have, like, you don't have a well, maybe you do, but most brands we talk you don't have, like, a 20 person finance team to optimize every little letter. There are solutions out there, though, that are much better than the status quo. And so excited to talk a bit more about that as well. Yeah. And for

Speaker  226256:00
anyone in the crowd, if you want to just drop it in the chat, like, what's one process you'd love to automate today to save time and reduce errors, we'd love to see what's been been bugging you on your operations. And then now in time for a demo. I guess Sameer, I will share

Speaker  230021:20
my screen also. I realize I've breezed through this first few slides. I'll spend some more time in the demo. Again, I love there's questions on any and everything. So I'll share my screen and maybe some give people a sense of like the hybrid platform as well.

Speaker  233781:19
So let me share my screen here. I

Speaker  235530:40
so this is a demo account, obviously, but hopefully gives people a sense of the high beam platforms and the features I'll talk through. So our philosophy is it's beneficial to have all in one platform that does bank. Paying capital Bill Pay cards, because it's so much easier to manage and automate your cash flow. Now, that doesn't mean you can't use American Express or whatever other card program you want. It doesn't mean you can't use bill.com with us, but we believe that out of the box, we should have kind of a best in class features set across all these things. I'll talk to a few of them just to give people a sense of how we solve for it. So for example, bank accounts. Our bank accounts are designed for E commerce brand in the sense that free, same day CH, free wires, best in class, currency conversion, no nickel and diming as the cash comes in and out. But more than that, we're very focused on maximizing your yield. So we have a kind of upfront center. Most bank accounts make this very hard to hop, you know, to view, partly because, if you have a million dollars sitting with the QA See, Bank of choice, not to pick on anyone, Chase BFA Weber, and it's making 0% you know, that's 10s to hundreds of $1,000 you're giving up every year. The way we've designed it in a process actually usable is while you have a checking account with all the features you'd expect, and we believe it's very easy to use and kind of you can see all the incoming outgoing you can make it APR. That's best in class here. But also, we'll set up free daily auto sweeps between that and the high yield account so that you don't have to actually manually do anything. You set a target balance, and hybrid will maintain that balance by moving money back and forth between the checking and high yield account every day for you. So again, for consumer brands, we get a lot of money coming in, a lot of money going out. Automating that process means your effective yield with a click of a button, goes from zero to three and a half, 4% whatever it might be. Now this becomes a significant lever, especially if you have over a million dollars in sales. So our threshold for this is, we don't really work with a lot of really small customers, but as long as you have a certain threshold, this, by itself, also has a lot of value. And one question we get a lot is around security. So every account has, by default, $3 million of FDIC insurance through our partner, through a bank. If you need more than that, we can chat about how we can make that happen, but we're very focused on the bank accounts. Are true bank accounts. These are FDIC insured, instant liquidity banking accounts. They're not money market funds. They're not Treasury accounts with lots of limitations on how you can move money in and out, and that's important, because, again, consumer brands need instant access to the money at all points in time. It's not a question of, I'm going to move this money here, store it for three months and then come back to it. Right? So our solutions, since we've worked with your brand design for that specific use case. So that's a bit more on the banking side, again. You know, people have questions, please reach out. I was happy to answer anything, but I want to touch on a few other pieces. So the banking is the foundation, right? That's the money comes in, it's in your bank account. And now, how do you make sure it moves efficiently to drive visibility the things we talked about before? So a few things. One, our bill pay solution is built in for free as part of platform. You don't need to go use a separate payment solution, whether it be ramped whatever it's built in the bank account. Why is this important? Few reasons. One is you save the time from when you pay the bill to when the money goes out. If you have a separate bill pay solution that pulls the money from your bank account and then makes the payment, that's five days, two to five days of like, time that's just wasted. So essentially, you're you're getting five days better payment terms just by switching to high beam, right? So that's one big feature. The second is, we've built a lot of functionality around making it super simple to use, where you'll get an email inbox. Invoices come in. You have approval flows that are workable for your team. And without going into too much detail, all the bill payment system, we've worked really hard to make sure that we understand this is a supplier payment that's different than a random vendor payment that's happening once a quarter, right? Your supplier payments are super important to you. So because we know we're only designed for E commerce brands, we have a number of features there. It's for free. We don't charge per user, so you can pull in people for approvals that just have an account with hybrid for approvals. And so we think there's a number of reasons why integrating the bill payment solution in the banking platform is a big value add. So that's a large part of the feature set, also the capital side of things. So I'll let will talk maybe a bit about our capital features, just to preview this, I strongly believe and why we started hybe was we want to be completely upfront what we can and can't do there's risk in business. We want to make sure we're fair and assessing and describing what that is and the products that we have represent that risk, but no hidden fees. So it was important to us to have a lot of credit that a lot of banking partners will not do where we owe. Recharge daily interest based on the amount outstanding. There's no other facility fees, there's no commitment fees, there's no games. Anytime it gets more complicated, trust me, the lender knows more about it than you do. Simple is the key here. Pay for what you owe that day. You prepay. It's back. Stop the clock. This is what you need in terms of having that buffer where, if you need it, it's there, you pay the money when you need it, and you pay it back. And you can automate those payments back and forth as well. We're very focused on making sure we're as responsible. If there's possible, we'll do it. Add some color to that

Speaker  329845:20
maybe. Yeah. I mean, so, as you can see on the screen here, we have, you know, the line of credit product. We have the advance. We also have our card product, which the card comes in a few different variations, where we can give cash back and up to 30 day terms or up to 60 day terms with no cash back. There's also the advance there, which is really like a short term, term loan. As you can see, the APR is clearly highlighted at that 18% which is something you'll rarely ever see with any other lenders in this space, at that size, where they're one highlighting what the APR is, because it's not going to be 18% it's very likely going to be in the in the 20 to 30% range, or on merchant cash advances. I saw one the other day, that was actually, if you did the math out on it, like 100% on what the merchant cash advance was charging versus our APR, yeah, Sameer said, Is it true? APR, there's no origination fee. There's no undrawn fees on all this available balance. There's no prepayment penalty. A lot of our customers really love the line because of the ability to flex up and flex down, like you might have a supplier payment due today, so you draw down $300,000 on the line, but you know, you have a big wholesale po invoice that's coming in two weeks from now. You know, with other suppliers, with other financers, they might say, all right, like you need to draw 300k from us. It's due over five months, and we're charging you a fee, and that fee is the same whether you pay it back in five months, or pay it back in two weeks. Versus with our line of credit, you have the cash to pay it back in two weeks, so you pay us back in two weeks, and now your total interest expense was only on the balance that was outstanding for that two week period. So it really offers a ton of flexibility, and, more importantly, a real way to save on interest expense by only using the capital when you need it and then paying it back when you don't. Yeah,

Speaker  358613:20
and you know, just to add a bit of color to that, there's benefit from having this built into the bank account. So just like there's benefit in having your bill paid up in the bank account, because money moves out right when you need it, you don't incur expert fees. Having your line of credit built in the bank account means you can draw down and pay back right when you need the money. Now this is a big deal when it comes to how you plan and go back to the process. That's feasible if you have a separate lender and you're constantly trying to pull down and pay back there and manage with your bank account and make it work, you are not going to optimize for paying the least amount of interest. So it's very easy with high need to set it up so you pay the least amount of interest, right? When you need it, you have a supplier payment due, you draw the line of credit. The payment comes in. You pay down the line of credit, right? It all just works, and we try to design it that way as possible. Now, people would ask me, like, what's the catch? Right? Sounds great. Catch is like, we only lend when we fit inside our credit box. So we're completely upfront with that, and a lot of people qualify, more so than they think, but we're very clear that if the business really is risky, we'll say why. And a lot of customers come back to us as the assessment is useful for them to understand, and we say, well, this is a way we look at it. If you improve these two or three things and come back in six months, we'll be able to do it, but we're not able. Not able to do it right now, and we're just very upfront about that. I think that hopefully adds value, because for us, capital is a critical portion of the cash management strategy, but it's not the entirety of it, and we're not solely a lender, so we're not just focused on lend money and get money back. That's not our only business. Our business is the long term relationship as a banking partner, and we view credit as a core component of that, which is a slightly different view in our mind. We'll also mention the cards, and I'll talk about that for a second. So we've tried to design our cards, to type the capital, to be as efficient and usable as possible. You could have cards per user. You can have cards per vendor. You can create multiple virtual cards. You can have physical cards. There's more information on our website. We can send something around, but there's essentially a 30 day card, as you would expect, a typical repayment period. And then there's a 60 day card, or extend card, which is useful for some supplier advertising spend, in which case you can kind of extend your payments out again. We've worked very hard to try to be as transparent as possible, no hidden fees. And so if there's that that's of interest, we're happy to talk about it. People, a lot of times, you know, they love their Amex points. They want to keep using Amex. That's totally fine, too. A lot of times, they'll add us in for the advertising spend, and you. Use other cards in parallel and on

Speaker  400672:00
the you know, sticking to the credit box, it is one where we are. We try to be as clear as possible, like, for why you're being rejected and what needs to be improved. And that, like, just, just last week, we approved a company for a $750,000 line of credit who first came to high beam in March, 2023 and so almost two years later, they kept having like, like touch points and check in, and we kept letting them know what we need to see and watch their progress and their metrics improve and everything, until as of you know last week, we offered the line that they're going to start using with us. So it is one where we try to be honest and upfront and like, have you come on as a banking customer, so that you know when you are in a place where you fit in our box, we're able to offer that low cost capital and make it more of a conversation and a dialog than like a black box of a lending decision.

Speaker  412522:40
Yeah, and I think that that goes back to our overall philosophy of trying to provide an all in one banking cash management platform that really drives profitability. The way we work with most customers is you would join hygiene, this very simple process to open an account, connect your data, or we do an assessment, to say, what can we do? On the credit side, how much can we make you? On the yield side, it's actually a conversation to say, how is this going to actually benefit your business? And let's have an open dialog. And then, depending on if it's worthwhile, you can have certain products be going to use. And so just kind of go back to that. We integrate. We really view ourselves as the cash management hub. So it's expected that you would have other bank accounts that you're existing using or want to continue to use, whether that be Bank of America, Chase whoever. You connect them and view them here. You know, you connect other cards, you connect your Shopify, Amazon payouts. Here. This is all information that we can present back to you so you have a single hub to see your cash now. Why is this important? I'll talk a bit now about the visibility and intelligence side of things. So all of this that we've talked about are financial products that can help you in your workflow, make sure that you maximize profitability, and we feel very strongly that that's helpful in terms of improving the profit margin for our companies. But one of the things we talked about earlier in the call was, how do you get visibility and control of your cash flow so you can make better decisions? And we focus a lot on that through our intelligence offerings. So here I'll just pivot. Apologies, it's just too small, but I'll talk through it. This is a live 13 week cash forecast that we provide to high beam customers. Now how this works is behind the scenes. Every transaction that comes in, whether through high beam or through Chase or through Amex is categorized in real time based on E commerce brands categories. And so what that allows us to do is we can then create live cash flow statements that you log into, such as January 28 you would log in, it would say, January 28 and you can see every morning how much money came in? Where did it go in? Where did it go out? And then you can set up the forecast with us on Shopify and Amazon and your accounts payable, and it connects to the bill pay system, a really usable process to get visibility, to forecast a new scenario analysis on what's doing going on with my cash. A lot of brands will do this as a one time exercise, and then it's hard to maintain what we're trying to solve for here is a process that you can just automate, and Heidi will keep it current for you. So again, a lot of effort has gone into making sure that we do this, and we'll work with customers to say what alerts and monitoring you want to set up on this. So some people might say, let me look at my spend management, and I want to know if my marketing spend spikes above or below this level, and if so, flag in and email me. Great, we can do that. Or I want to check if employee spend goes above this threshold as a percentage of sales. Great, all of the stuff that you don't have time to do that you can set up monitoring alerts for that we can do for you now, and we have a best practices around that. So we're trying to do here is also set up a weekly, monthly, usable cash flow process that integrates into your planning process. So how does that work? A lot of times that weekly process or Cash Forecasting is completely disassociated from your monthly, quarterly, yearly planning, but by having it automated, you can actually see the monthly view which lines up with your weekly view, and you can take this data and compare it to your plan. So of course, there's some, you know, timing issues with supplier payments and contribution margin, but overall, it's super valuable to say, here's my plan by month, and here's what's actually happening. Let me go and compare the two. We can set this up bespoke. Those are different customers different customers, different ways. But the intent is, the usable process for most people is they want to do this in a spreadsheet. So our process is designed, not for some, you know, fancy BI tool that never gets used, but through a spreadsheet that you can go and access and change. And if, for example, you said. And I want to go change this number to 50,000 the system will maintain that. And of course, you can go back to the forecast the way it was. So again, setting up a forecasting system and a cash management system that's actually usable by consumer brands that are in the segment that we go and serve, that's a large part of what we do. So that was a lot of, well, not talking and giving a bit of tour, but hopefully that was helpful. Um, I'll pause there. I'm not sure if there's any questions. We can always move on. If people have any questions in chat. Um, if not, we can keep going. Doesn't seem like unless I'm missing something. Well, no, doesn't seem any questions. No,

Speaker  490405:20
I don't see any either.

Speaker  490629:20
We'll keep going before we move off the demo. I guess again. I think the takeaway here is cash flow management is a huge lever. We see 10s of hundreds of 1000s of dollars in yield management reduced interest expense and confidence in your capital visibility. That's the core problem we're trying to solve for. And we can be helpful, even in advisory capacity, to talk about how we do that nothing more that we like than talking to finance teams and brand founders. So to the degree that we can be helpful, I think our emails will be available afterwards kids reach out, quick Q and A, no Q and A.

Speaker  501680:00
So here's the final takeaway. So I'll read

Speaker  502469:20
the voice of the screen, though,

Speaker  503429:20
kind of again, turn back into profit centers, almost like, understand what you're doing. Like, if you can't answer the question that says, how much did I make an effective yield last year, you probably are making not enough. If you can't answer, how much did I spend? An interest? Last year, you're probably spending too much. Answer those questions and see what the right answer should be. And it's a really underutilized lever. I truly believe this in terms of profitability for consumer brands. And there are tools like high beam. Doesn't have to be high beam, but out there that can automate this for the stage you're at, and if you're over a million dollars in sales, you should take a really close look at how much could this be worth to me. And I think that's the luck. If that's the only message that comes across from this, is like, know and understand what this could be worth and then apply the right solution to it. Don't just let the status quo be what it is because most people, they set up a system when they first started the business, and usually it was a bank account that they had their personal account with, and they set it up for their business, and they never change it ongoing, maybe they'll add on things to it, like they'll add on a bill.com or they'll add on to QuickBooks. And that really isn't the most thoughtful way to think about doing it, especially with some of the tooling and technology out there today.

Speaker  523882:40
Yeah, and I would say, like, you know, we're always here to be a resource. Like, a couple weeks ago, I was giving benchmarks and insights to a company that was doing $30 million a year in revenue, and he wanted to understand how he was doing relative to his peers, his AOV, his LTV, his performance metrics. And, like, we see tons of brands every day, so we're able to have that, like, broad ecosystem feel to actually give real feedback on how you are doing a lot of your peers that you might not be able to see or receive elsewhere. Then also get advice on, like, where we think, you know, you should go for financing, and who would be a good fit and different areas. And then, you know, this morning, on the opposite end of that spectrum, I had a call with somebody who's doing 3000 a month on Amazon, and was looking for like, additional financing, because they're about to go into a bunch of stores in Sephora, so working with them to see, like, where they could find options to do that. So really, across all ends of the spectrum, you know, we're here at high beam just to be a resource and help you grow and grow more effectively and profitably.

Speaker  539173:20
Great. Well, I think that it from us. Thank you so much for everyone who joined the call and whoever was listening to this async as well. So there's connected hyping.co put my message in the chat as well, or I just say that. I guess as far as it's Sameer, S, A, M, I R at high beam.co it's will at high beam.co just email us directly. We're always happy to hear from chat and see what's helpful. And then special offer MDS Members, we're giving away six months free for a high tier high beam plus, which involves not only wave minimums, but also a lot of the cash flow features that you saw. So free setup of your cash flow forecasting, kind of an assessment of what process project would work for you and the implementation of that. So to do that's helpful, would love to hear from you. And with that, I'll hand it over to Ben, because I think there's a some fun raffle or something involved. No, keep me honest here.

Speaker  557946:40
So we do have a raffle. I can you please bring share your screen so we can do it. But. Just for the lucky few that stuck around till the end. We had more people, but maybe they forgot about the raffles. So, oh, Alex is not here either, so you can name him out too, if you can,

Speaker  563888:00
odds are improving by a second. Yeah,

Speaker  564832:00
it's very good for people here right now.

Speaker  565813:20
So can you repeat? What is it that you're that we're raffling today? I have it somewhere, but if you have it handy, what

Speaker  568213:20
is a good question? What are 500

Speaker  568645:20
bucks to a high game account? Oh, 500

Speaker  569221:20
bucks to a high game account. Great. Well, you want to have your account get refunded $500 that's it.

Speaker  570485:20
Okay? I will take a nap

Speaker  572026:40
so we can spin the wheel and check who of these four lucky people want today. Okay, Leonardo, that's good. Are you here? Can you hear your voice? I'm here. Thank you guys, thank you.

Speaker  577968:00
We'll send you how to open an account to get the fire dog deposited.

Speaker  579312:00
I'll send you his contact information so you can get together and figure it out. Okay, amazing. Thank you. Did we have anything else, or was it just one price?

Speaker  581989:20
Okay? Yeah, I think that was it?

Speaker  582901:20
Okay, awesome. Then thank you guys very much, and we'll be in contact. Thank you guys. We

Speaker  585525:20
have our information and appreciate Val and everyone vs we have the chance to talk to everyone. So thanks everyone and hopefully talk soon. Bye. Hey.
