21. FC Chats_ Optimizing Shipping in Today's Market w_Ben Emmrich
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Now at the average ecom order, we see that 13% of a total basket is spent on final mile shipping. Again, this is kind of like the average ecom order of give or take, 105 to $110 we see call it 15 to 20 of those dollars being spent to get that parcel from the warehouse to the customer's door, and this only accelerates during peak right? So we see that that being driven up by things like holiday surcharges during peak season. So we built Tusk to put shippers first, and the way that we do that is we allow shippers to evaluate, integrate and operate alternative carriers at scale. So what is an alternative carrier? An alternative carrier could be a regional, small parcel carrier. Good example would be on track or GLS or LSO. It could also be what we call an emerging carrier. So a good example of emerging carriers in the ecosystem are folks like uni, Uni speedx, door, dash, Uber, V, ho, Jinx, axle hire. These are all kind of like new entrants, oftentimes venture backed, offer really compelling value, but somewhat of a unique delivery footprint Taken together, these alternative carriers offer an incredible value. They offer savings, oftentimes more than 30% per parcels, and really strong service so fully tracked really fast across all parcels that we deliver. As an example, we see next day delivery on over 85% of them. So these are the carriers that we have in our network today. We have mostly regional carriers with a couple of emerging carriers we cover 80% of the US population. So I want to be really clear Tusk as a network of delivery providers, we are not going to be your solution for rural deliveries. Like we are not trying to be everything to everybody. We focus on on enabling carriers that have delivery over the maximum amount of US population. Because, quite honestly, like the rural areas are not where the orders are going. It's where the people are that the orders are going. We have main sortation hubs. So in practice, what we do as a business Tusk exists as an access layer, an infrastructure layer. We integrate into the TMS, or WMS that you or your three PL uses to operate your warehouse day to day. So think of systems like ship station, extensive depasco info, plus we Tusk live as a carrier option in those systems, when we win parcels on low cost or speed, we then facilitate direct injection into our carriers hubs. So these stars represent the main sortation hubs that we inject parcels into. This opens up a ton of access for your parcels into these alternative carrier networks. We also run line halls between each of our regions. This unlocks access, not just around the you know, if you have a building in Chicago, you might start by servicing the Tusk region in the Midwest, but we can also line haul parcels to the West Coast, to Texas, to Atlanta to the northeast. This really unlocks the access to all of these alternative carriers nationwide. So let me pause there before moving on to advice. What? What? If any questions do you guys have about alternative carriers, or tusks role as a platform to access alternative carriers?

Speaker  63930:40
I would say the one thing, selfishly, like, operationally, how? How does the like, the pickup work like for these individual carriers? And just a little more context, we're going to bring some fulfillment in house to Chicago in 2025 so I guess, just using that as an example, how would that work with all the different carriers?

Speaker  69376:00
Alright, so this is a great question. Colin, so the one of the main challenges that folks have with alternative carriers is that it is difficult to manage multiple pickups per day from multiple carriers. It's just a huge headache, right? So the way that we do it is Tusk facilitates a single daily pickup from each building. We then pick up parcels for multiple alternative carriers, and then we manage and orchestrate the direct injection into those different carrier hubs. So one really important thing we do not have a generic. Tusk label. We enable you to print the final mile carrier on site. This allows you, as the shipper, to self segment parcels by destination carrier. So it comes to us when we do our unified pickup, it comes to us sorted by you, the shipper. This is really, really powerful, because it enables us to do those direct injects far easier. Does that answer your question? Colin,

Speaker  87573:20
Yep, yeah, that's great. Thanks.

Speaker  88661:20
Any other questions before I I bash you guys over the head with four pieces of advice on small parcel operations. All right, I'll just move forward here. So again, this advice is not Tusk specific. There is one selfish Tusk piece of advice. You'll see it in number four. My intent here is, is to give you just like honest, straightforward advice. If I were an econ operator, what I would be doing. So my first piece of advice is to go deep on your OP, call your carrier, or carriers, take claims and refunds seriously, and then implement alternatives ASAP. As you can guess, this is the selfish piece of advice. And then finally, we have a we have an offer for you guys at the end as a way to, kind of like size the margin that the alternatives would unlock. So what do I mean by go deep on your app? Like when I was in, when I was on the retailer side, I would look at like my whole purview, and I would get, quite honestly, like a bit overwhelmed, and I wouldn't know where to start. I think it's just important to recognize that it's okay that's to start small, and that even very small improvements can have an outsized impact on your landed cost, on your average unit cost to move a parcel. So like you know, you eat an elephant one bite at a time, just start small. That's okay. My advice to be really tactical is stand at a pack station. That that's where I would start. Personally, when I would observe my own op, I would literally stand at a pack station, and I would watch one of my associates do a pack out for 15 to 20 minutes, just observe. You will very quickly first have questions like you will your instinct will be to like, stop that associate and ask them, like, Hey, why are you doing it this way? Just hold your tongue for 15 minutes and just watch them operate. What you'll find is, first and foremost, if the operator is good, you'll find ways that they're actually exceeding your expectations. They might have found, like, a new a new way to do a certain process, or something like that. It'll give you confidence in your operation. More importantly, though, you will see stuff that's like, absurdly inefficient. A really good example is, like, I've been in buildings where the pack station was 10 steps away from where the actual packaging was. Why? No one knew, but they had to walk 10 steps to get a box and like and for no good reason, like all of this stuff was on modular, you know, carts. They could just move them closer together. It's those things that you will you will very quickly see low hanging fruit opportunities for more efficient operations. And so my advice as a result is like, make those easy changes right away, right like, pull that packaging rack closer to the pack station. Another example is the actual packaging that they use for given orders. Like you want to make sure that they're not using a box that's too big for a given skew, right? You might get dimmed out, or you might include too much dunnage in a box that drives up the weight, and you have to pay for that. Dunnage, like small stuff, has an outsized impact here, and just asking the right questions after you do an observation will lead to a ton of savings. Another thing, and this is the second one here. Do pay attention to how carriers and services are selected. Oftentimes, what people will do is they'll put a TMS in place in a warehouse. They will set rules that are very accurate on the day that they set up that TMS, but then they operate for months or quarters or years without adjusting those rules in their TMS. The end result might have been like, hey, you know, FedEx rates went up, but the rules didn't adjust, and as a result, your rules are no longer applicable, and you're sending tons of volume to the wrong carrier or the wrong service level just because the rules haven't been updated. So just pay attention to how, how your boolean statements, how your shipping rules, are set up to make sure that they accurately reflect the contracts you have from the carriers and the SKUs you're sending out. The third thing here. Is like, agree to metrics that matter for your OP. So these are metrics that I've used in the past. I recommend you take a look at them. I also intentionally kind of call out here. You got to you got to enlist your operations teams buy in and support, and then you have to work together with your operators to track these metrics. If I had to pick one out of the three that I surface here, the one I would pick would be loaded, Unit Cost Per parcel. Loaded can mean different things for different ops. I see it as including every single cost, including packaging, including labor time, including the final mile delivery cost, the loaded cost to get that parcel from your warehouse to the customer. And I do call out here, make sure you include fees and surcharges. So don't just use the base rate that a carrier gives you. Make sure you're including things like resi and fuel and holiday surcharge and oversize, all of that stuff should be included in this loaded cost metric. Let me ask just on this note, what metrics do you guys track today? Like, what are you using in your app? Are you using just like raw volume? Are you looking at weekly carrier invoices? Like, give me a sense, what are you guys using to track operations today?

Speaker  183877:20
Come on, we know you're we know you're doing it. Or if you're not, we have an issue. Yeah.

Speaker  185333:20
I mean, that would be the issue, right? Average shipping cost per order. All right, Nicole, can I ask you? Can answer in the chat, when you do average shipping cost per order, is that? Is that per order regardless of the number of parcels, or do you actually mean per parcel?

Speaker  190906:40
Sorry, I mean per parcel, but usually one order has one parcel in it for me.

Speaker  191994:40
Okay, okay. And do you include like all costs, or is it just shipping?

Speaker  193904:00
I have it all costs, and then I have it broken down to the final mile delivery costs and then the fulfillment fees, because I do have a three PL that fulfills the orders, so tallying up their pick and pack fees, plus the fee they have per per order.

Speaker  199845:20
First of all, good job like that's not, not all brands do it to that level of specificity. So you're approaching it from a really, a really good base place. Can I ask Nicole like in tracking that metric, what have you found that has either surprised you or that you've needed to take action on relatively recently? Like, have you found your three people making mistakes? Have you seen more cost on the carrier side?

Speaker  206698:40
Definitely seeing how one we fell out of Canada. So seeing that it's shipper to cheap into the US than it is within Canada. Has been annoying, to say the least, but it's just how it works. And then I was seeing how for the pick and pack fees, what I've noticed is that I was going in with the assumption that it would just be $3.25 so $3 base and then plus 25 cents per item into the order. But some of the orders have multiple units, and those averages started to become like four or $5 per order. And for my business, my average order, average order value is around $50 so it makes up a huge percentage of the average order value, which is why I started paying attention to it.

Speaker  219962:39
Did you reach out to your three PL and start hammering them on why that average went up?

Speaker  221306:40
I did. Yes, we're in. That's awesome.

Speaker  222330:40
That's exactly what you need to do, right? And like the frequency with which you can track these metrics meaningfully, just arms you as the operator, as the entrepreneur, to like, take action accordingly. And you know a good three PL will work with you to at least explain why that average pick and pack cost has gone up, and then work in good faith to get it back down to the 325, you expected, right? And if they don't, then you gotta find a new three bill, but tracking the metric is the only way to hold them accountable. So good job.

Speaker  231061:20
Well, the one question I had then for this is, like, what types of levers do I have in negotiating to bring these down, or what can I use to leverage this to, like, bring those costs down.

Speaker  235130:40
Um, I'm going to separate my answer into two buckets. Okay, so one is the fulfillment side, the pick and pack side. The other is the final mile delivery side. So on the pick and pack side, the first step is, sounds like what you're doing, Nicole, like go to that operator. That three. Yale operator, share the data and then have a good faith discussion with them on how to drive the cost back down towards what you were projecting. Like it may be that you had run a promotion that increased the complexity of the pack out right? Well, next time you run a promotion, you might simplify the offer so that the pack out is more simple. It could be that they they mispriced you, like they undercut their labor costs, or something like that. And like, Hey, you should tell them that's on you. Like you mispriced it. Like, screw you guys. I want to go back to my average, right? Like having a good faith conversation with your three PL is the answer. If you cannot reach a resolution that satisfies your expectation, then you start looking for a new three PL, to be blunt, like you use the data you have on hand to build a quick and dirty RFP, which I can I have a kind of a copy I can send to you that you basically put it out to bid, right? Changing three pls is really hard. I want to just be blunt about that. But if your three PL is charging you four to five bucks when you were expecting 325 at scale like that's got to be addressed, or you got to move to a different three PL on the final mile side. Nicole, to be blunt, and we'll talk about this. The leverage that you have is somewhat limited if you are using the three pls rates, like at that point, your negotiation with your three PL for final mile carrier rates should include shipping costs, right? Like you should be pressing them for lower average shipping costs if you are negotiating rates directly with the carrier. There's a couple important things you can do, and we'll talk about those, but they boil down to having a good relationship with your rep calling them often, like making sure that they know you are watching the numbers, and you should be pushing back every time they give you a price increase, whether that's the annual GRI holiday surcharges, changing their zip codes for das and EDS, like anytime they try to nickel and dime you you should push back on the rep, because they can often waive those discounts or give you a discount on their increase. The second meaningful thing is you should, if you can do it, you should integrate alternative carriers, because it increases your leverage. Not only do folks like us save you money every time we deliver a parcel instead of FedEx or UPS, you get the savings on those parcels. The presence of the alternatives mean that you have a legitimate leverage point next time FedEx or UPS tries to raise your costs, or next time you go out and get a new contract with them, leverage is everything in this game, and you can really increase your leverage by having alternatives live in the facility you're using for fulfillment. So sorry. Nicole has a long answer to a straightforward question.

Speaker  289040:00
No, no, that was great. It's a good mindset and tips to think about when approaching these conversations.

Speaker  291184:00
All good. I'm curious other other questions on this, like metrics idea, do folks handle this in different ways?

Speaker  293536:00
I like

Speaker  295493:20
you just want to know how to save more money. So I guess let's, let's go to that last thing. Last thing I'll say is like, I think this is important to just say out loud, like, trust your gut. Like you guys know your fucking business, right? And if you, if you think and feel that something is off, like, it's off, right? And like, do your best to validate it with data, but it's okay, like, if it just feels off, like, take, take action. Like, this is, this is Ben Emmerich, fellow entrepreneur, telling you, like, take fucking action. Like, if it feels wrong, it's probably wrong. Fix it, right? All right. I mentioned this to Nicole Paul the carrier, just quickly, like, ask yourself, when was the last time you talked to the person that you signed a contract with with FedEx or UPS? And maybe the answer is actually, like, I got to ask my ops person that question. But like, I'm asking this for a reason. Like, you should, you should be talking with that person relatively frequently. Like, if you're spending 500k a year with FedEx, like they should work for that, right? Like, that's a huge amount of spend. Not only should they be working for it, but like, you should be keeping them in the loop, because there might be ways that they could help you lower costs. Same for UPS, same for the Postal Service, same, same for tus, quite honestly, like, if you're a tusk customer, and you're not talking your Tusk rep frequently, like that's a. Us like, that's that's something we would be doing wrong. We talked to all of our shippers consistently, I can assure you. But my point is, carriers are a huge cost source. Because they're a huge cost source, they should be working hard for your value, and if they aren't showing you value like, then steps need to be taken. This is also really important right now, in December, you guys are paying holiday surcharges. Right on average, the lowest holiday surcharge with FedEx or UPS is roughly $1.40 per parcel. Like, that's nuts. That's nuts. Anytime they put a holiday surcharge on you, anytime they put a GRI, which is a general rate increase, which hits in January, you guys should feel empowered to push back. You should also expect that your rep will throw up their hands and be like, Oh, GRI. Like, that's said at the corporate level. I can't do anything about that. You can be like, All right, well, listen like, I'm just going to switch to, if you're with FedEx, see, I'm going to switch to UPS, like, I'm sorry, but like this, GRI is too high. And then, and then, be comfortable with the with the silent pause that you'll hear from your rep. And then they'll say, Okay, I'll see what I can do, right? Like push. But you will, you will have far more success if, if you have a relationship with the rep, right? Like it's just this is being human, one on one, a relationship, especially a trusting relationship, where you share some information, it actually really helps. Here's, here's one, one tactical piece of advice. I'm sure many of you have investors in your business. I'm sure many of you send monthly or quarterly updates to those investors. I would recommend that you sanitize your update to a degree copy and paste, kind of like interesting metrics, and send it to your rep. So on a monthly basis, they get a sanitized version of your investor update. This is also an awesome thing to do for other big vendors you have, right? Like, if you have a marketing agency, or if you have, gosh, I don't know, like a product source or something like that, keeping them in the loop. It's like a subconscious thing, like they just feel like they're on your team, right? And so I would just highly recommend that you do things like that to keep that rep in the loop. But then, when they put a price increase on you, call them. Call them. This is the these are the one 800 numbers like, this is the very least. Like, if you don't remember who your rep is, like, you can call these numbers. These are the actual numbers you should call. But the best thing would be like, call bill in Omaha, who you signed your contract with 18 months ago. Be like, Hey, Bill, I just took a look at my numbers. Like, this is insane, man. Like, what can you do for me? How can you help me stay with FedEx, right? Like, make the effort and you will have more success if Bill has gotten your updates monthly for the last seven months. Related to this, claims and refunds are something that the vast majority of operators just don't have time for Okay, so how many? How many just, like, really quickly, and you can just nod, you don't need to say anything. But like, how many people have ever submitted a claim to FedEx or UPS? Thumbs up, thumbs down, thumbs down, yeah. All right. Like, thumbs down. All right. Listen, you're not alone if you've never submitted one. But like, how many of you have had a parcel get lost or damaged by FedEx? UPS like, I imagine there's lots of thumbs up, right? Like, this is a very clear case of like, hey, if the carrier doesn't do a good job, they should pay for it, right? But the onus is on you as the as the contract holder, right? And unfortunately, you have to be the one to advocate for this. So just remember, and this is a bit tactical, stop me with questions. A lot of service levels include insurance, right? So if you use Priority Mail express that comes with off top my head. I think it's $150 of insurance per parcel. But if they lose your parcel, it's on you to claim the insurance, and then you have to wait for the claim to be processed. It's a it's a huge pain in the ass, but it is worth it, especially if the numbers of lost and damaged parcels exceed a threshold that you would define, right? Could be five parcels. It could be 10. Like, that's kind of up to you to decide. I would encourage you to press this is another reason, by the way, if you have a relationship with your rep, this becomes far easier, right? Like, you can submit these claims, oftentimes CC or rep, and then. They can accelerate the processing of the claim internally. Just a note, and this is a selfish plug. Our network comes with $100 of insurance on every parcel. But more importantly, the Tusk team manages the claims process proactively, and we pass 100% of the claims value to you, so we don't nickel and dime like, we give you 100% of the value of the claim, and then we are the ones who are hounding the carriers to get that claim processed, approved and credited back to your account, whereas with FedEx and UPS and postal like, unfortunately, like, you would be the ones that have to do the hounding. If you're using a three PL, by the way, make sure your three PL freaking does this for you, right? Like this. Why you're paying them? And if they're just letting random lost and damaged parcels go with no action, you should turn around and point at them. Be like, why aren't you taking action on this? You're it's on your account. Why am I having to issue a replacement product for this? Like, go get on this. Like, fix this for me. And if not you should I have. I've had one brand who, like, just for sake of example, underpaid an invoice by $100 because he said, Hey, listen. Like, you can submit a claim for that extra $100 mark this invoice as paid, just to kind of like, prove to them, like, yo do the work, right? Like, don't be afraid to press your partner to do the work, whether it's the carrier or whether it's the three Po. Listen, this last one is truly selfish, right? Like this is for Jake and I, but alternative carriers do solve multiple problems for you. Lower prices on every parcel, faster time in transit. This is especially powerful if you're shipping perishable items right where a faster time in transit means less dry ice in the box, lower average parcel costs more happy customers. It increases your leverage versus the big carriers. It gives you an extra release valve in times like today, where you're moving a ton of parcels, you might get capped by FedEx or UPS and a network like ours, and especially with a team like Tusk, it's really easy to prioritize which region you want to unlock, depending on where your warehouse and where your inventory is based and where your orders are going. So it's very bespoke. You can customize it in a way that allows you to activate just the west coast or just Texas or just the Midwest, you can customize it in a way that maximizes your value without drastically increasing your headache.

Speaker  441541:20
This is our offer. So we have a tool. We call it the Tusk Impact Analysis Tool. If you can send us a PLD file, parcel level data file, it's essentially an Excel sheet, and we can send you the directions, like if you use ship, station or deposit or extensive we can send you directions on how to pull this data. What we do is we intake that data, and we run the data against tusks network, as if Tusk were live in your facility, whether it's your facility or your three Ps facility. We then turn around and we say, Hey, this is the margin you would have had, had Tusk been live over the course of this parcel data. Let me tell you to be blunt, we always find margin. There's always margin. It's just a question of like, Is it big enough to make a meaningful difference? More often than not, the answer is an emphatic yes. So you know, if you can get your hands on your parcel data, pull it down, send it to me and Jake and our email address. Sorry, is this is my email address, so just Ben at Tusk logistics.com if you shoot it to me, I can CC Jake as well. So Jake is just Jake at Tusk logistics.com but, yeah, those are the tactical pieces of advice. And really it all boils down to be empowered to take action quickly when you see something wrong, and keep your carrier rep in the loop so you can push on them when they try to increase their costs. So yeah, that's all I had prepared. What kind of questions bubble up after seeing these?

Speaker  469456:00
Now, you guys got questions. Come on, don't be shy.

Speaker  470613:20
It may be the case for a lot of people here in the room. First of all, appreciate the the presentation and the work you put into and it sounds like really interesting stuff you guys are working on. I'm so far removed from what we are doing. You know, I've got my ops guy, and then he's got his contact, and then they're at the three PL. So I'm just too far removed to like, have any questions for you, but I will pass this information along and and maybe make a connection for you to see if there's some way for us to be leveraging what you guys are up to, where we three PL, out of Portland, Oregon. So I think what would be helpful for me, and again, it's because of my my room. Google from this situation, it's been years since we've had in house fulfillment, but literally just seeing like on a map, the little package go from like, okay, here it is at your facility, and then we're going to go over here, and then Tusk picks it up, and then they take like, having a graphic like that would be super helpful for me. Maybe everybody else totally follows all this stuff. But I found myself being like, confused as to how it how this differs from what is already going on in my world. So I think, like, one additional slide would be helpful for those of us that are stupid.

Speaker  490213:20
No, that's a great point of feedback. Tyron, hey, Tyron, if you're, if I may be so bold, like, if you're a bit removed from the OP, how do you track the app? Like, how do you keep your finger on the pulse? Is it just like, check ins with your ops contact? Or, like, how does that work for you?

Speaker  494890:40
So I have a CEO, and so my CEO then talks to our ops team, and they do, what is something? Something happens behind the curtain back there that I'm no longer privy to. So, yeah, I don't really know what all is going on over there.

Speaker  499856:00
The yeah for you, it probably is just like profitability over time, and then, like, the ops contribution to Cox, basically, right, right. Have you seen cogs go up over time?

Speaker  504069:20
We've had, man, there's so many variables, so much has changed. I mean, we're six years in, and so covid, like, kind of threw a wrench in things. From a shipping perspective, we've shipped. We've switched. When I look at I'm looking at it very high level. And so when we've we've had manufacturing in China, Cambodia, Vietnam, Mexico, and so anytime any of those things changes, I'm looking at like, the net result of those things. So I don't have a lot of granularity. I haven't, I could get it, but I don't dig into the granularity of, like, the ops side of things, they they likely are. So unfortunately, look at me. I'm just dogging your questions left and right. Sorry, man, I'm trying to be helpful here. No,

Speaker  514656:00
no, it actually your feedback is super helpful. Tyrone, I think, like for us selfishly and Jake, you can jump in here. But like we often, are pitching from the outside in, into brands, and it's difficult for us to be blunt, of like, every brand is different, and like the Tyrone, who has a CEO and an ops team, is a bit removed, and it's like, it's an interesting challenge for us to find what resonates with each of those target contacts, right? So that's

Speaker  522421:20
why I'm asking these questions. Yeah, no, no, totally, totally totally appreciate it and happy to help. How I can. I'm just so ignorant to the process, I don't know that I can. Cool.

Speaker  525546:40
So then you mentioned like regions. So if we're shipping from Chicago, mentioned like the Midwest region, West Coast. East Coast is with your guys. Carriers, if somebody ordered from California, will your network cover that pickup from Chicago? Or do we need another warehouse on like the West Coast? Too.

Speaker  531488:00
Great question. Can I ask Kat, you mentioned bringing fulfillment in house? Are you going to a model where you have a single node, a single fulfillment node in Chicagoland, somewhere,

Speaker  535045:20
ideally, yeah, right now we have a three PL in Miami. We're at least going to be bringing some of that in house, because we're kind of doing some like custom work. I could see us bringing in all in house, though, yeah? And then that would probably be the ideal solution eventually bring it all in house and just shipping

Speaker  540282:40
from Chicago. So the reason I ask is, just like our the nature of our network is that we, we can build bespoke integrations for each shipper depending on where their nodes are. So if you were single, single sourced out of Chicago with a single fulfillment node in Chicago. We would serve your Midwestern parcels, to start with our Midwestern carriers, and then we would put West Coast bound parcels onto our west coast line Hall. So that runs every day from Chicago, and it gets driven to the west coast and injected into a couple of different circation hubs on the west coast. So the answer is, we could fulfill your items if you just had them out of Chicago. However, many folks have multi node fulfillment, right? So in that case, we fulfill out of Fresno, California, or Reno, Nevada, or, you know, greater LA commerce, or city of industry, and they're Chicago. The advantage there is, it's just they don't have to pay for the line haul, right?

Speaker  556922:40
And what's that transit time then Chicago?

Speaker  558122:39
The average transit time from Chicago to the West Coast broadly, is is three days door to door. Okay, yeah, it's working. There's very like, let me caveat that if you're sending it to, like, northern Washington, obviously, like, that's a four day delivery, but like, the popular center,

Speaker  564272:00
are you talking to the customer's doorstep or to the like, the Where's

Speaker  565216:00
customers doorstep? Okay? It's also important to mention so a lot of times when you do like these, they're called zone skips, when you put something on a semi truck and then drive it from Chicago to the West Coast. When a lot of people do zone skipping, one thing for you guys as brand owners, to be aware of is there is often a breakage in the tracking where a parcel will sit in in transit or created state, and your customers will be like, Hey, what the hell? Ordered this on Monday. It's been created for three days. Where's the parcel? Why is it still sitting in Chicago with Tusk, what we have done is we have built tracking that follows the semi as it's traveling, and it's unified with the final mile tracking so your customers get consistent updates, and they don't proactively reach out to you and are like, Hey, why is my parcel still in Chicago, when actually it's on a truck and it just crossed the Rocky Mountains, Right? Like that. Tracking is really, really important, and you should make sure you anticipate questions from customers around tracking.

Speaker  585717:20
Nicole Mohammed Artur, anybody got any questions? No. Wow, easy bunch today,

Speaker  590874:40
going once, going twice. Anybody else got a question? All right, Ben, you got anything you want to wrap up with?

Speaker  594032:00
First of all, have a good peak like we're hearing good things about peak. I hope it's good for you guys, like our very best. For a successful peak, remember to keep your rep in the loop and push back on him or her when they give you price increases, and then just reach out to us like we're allies. For you. Ben at Tusk logistics.com Jake at tusc logistics.com Like, even if it's not a test question, if you're just like, Hey, Ben, FedEx said this, I don't understand it. Just think of us when you think of a small parcel and we're happy to be an ally. Yeah.

Speaker  601861:20
Only thing I'd add is is don't underestimate how much savings alternative carriers can unlock. We work with three PLS, with five facilities. They were spending $50 million a year with UPS or FedEx, and we saved them three, four or $5 per parcel. So if I was a brand owner, there's lots of things you can do with the business. I'm sure a lot of you guys have a free shipping threshold, so I just imagine if there was $5 taken off, just immediate margin back to the business that we could turn on pretty quickly. I think a lot of folks think like UPS and FedEx. They're so big, you know, how could you really beat them on price? But there is a lot of margin left on the table that you can capture with these alternatives? So, yeah, it's a good opportunity to look at, especially if you have parcels that weigh, you know, over a pound is where we start seeing those multi dollar savings. So it'd be excited to talk to you guys about it, as well as talking to the three. Pls, happy to go through either way. Cool.

Speaker  619242:40
Alright, guys. Well, I'll give you 15 minutes of your life back to go make some money, Nicole, to make a, you know, one pound package of hair bands. You have to sell a hell of a lot of hair bands. So go do it to it. Come on. Let's go. Yeah, good luck.

Speaker  622906:40
Well, Canadian fulfillment right now is tough, tough business to be in. So I feel

Speaker  624138:40
for Well, yeah, with our national, one of the national carriers not going on strike, no PO boxes or rule addresses can be delivered to basically, but I do use multiple carriers. The three people I work with does do that, so I'm grateful for that. But the orders that I personally have to ship out, because I do from the and from the warehouse, that's been tricky, because UPS is only giving you rates that are also when I speak in dollars, I mean Canadian dollars, so it's a less than us, but they're charging like $30 and one band, which is absurd, like the product's worth less than that. I'm not paying that, so I'm currently chatting with them to see what what I can do,

Speaker  635610:40
stand on firm ground and make sure you don't agree to anything that doesn't make sense for your business, like they gotta work for it.

Speaker  637082:40
So noted, thank you. You're all.

Speaker  638570:40
We ship 100 pound packages for under $30 for what's worth, I.

Speaker  640512:00
Welcome to America. All

Speaker  641424:00
right, guys, thank you so much. Keep us in the loop and let us know where we can

Speaker  642240:00
help. All right,

Speaker  642672:00
thanks, guys, thanks guys. Appreciate you. See ya.
