6. Abazar Manbeian
Date: October 22, 2025

Speaker  1472:00
All right, so we are very new to the DTC. We are in the pet space, and we are mostly almost 100% on Amazon. We do we've had the Shopify site for a very long time, but we never really got into it. We I hope this presentation some value to you. We, we feel that in order to do our D to C, right, it needs to be kind of a mix of things, right. In we were talking to internet in Italy, and we discussed how we can, you know, use Tiktok, Tiktok creators and run ads to Shopify as one platform, and then meta is another one, but one, one strategy that we are going to do in parallel to that is affiliate marketing, because, and I'll Explain this through the presentation, why we feel okay? So the reason we're looking at the affiliate marketing is, of course, pet industry is growing, the increasing demand and for premium products, not just people are very sensitive on what they feed feed or, you know, buy for their for their pets. We mostly sell dogs and cats goods, both hard goods and consumables. Affiliate marketing. One reason that we think there's a lot of potential is that from the get go, you can kind of offset the risks of spending on other platforms, because this is performed based if they, if they make a sale, they get a commission. And in this case, our goal is to get 50 qualified partners within a three month period. Of course, this three month is, I think it's very long. This can easily be done in a month and a half, if you have the creatives and in the videos and images and whatever you need for doing the affiliate marketing. But if you're starting from scratch, you will need some time, because you got to send the goods and get them back. We estimate it's going to cost us between 30 to 40 grand to do this, and we should be able to get double of that in return. Advantages for for pet products is that people are they really trust recommendations. If there is an influencer that they know, if there's if there's a blog that they read that's that's related to pets. It makes a big impression. It makes a big difference on their decision making. There are a lot of good content creators that are established in the pet communities, which we can use. Again, as I mentioned before, it's performance based. So if they sell, they get a commission. If they don't, we don't have to pay much besides the platform fees, and it gives us a wider reach outside of the paid ads network. There are a lot of communities out there that are established their own pets, but we are not running ads to them so and scale, scalable without having to spend additional money on ads as those communities and those blogs add to their audience, we don't have to really pay for that. It's the bloggers that spend money in ranking their blogs or their websites. The customer journey for our customer is usually they find the content, either through the ads or blogs or creators, then they consider they look at their options, then the element of trust comes in that they look at the recommendation and see what the blog talks about, then hopefully, they take an action and make a purchase. The four categories that we are planning to reach out to is one, pet influencers you know that are on Instagram or Tiktok or similar platforms, content creators that are you know, you can find a lot of them and join brands or similar networks, or the ones that run blogs relating to pets, then they're the cash for platforms. This one where, I mean, we got to be a little bit more cautious, because there's also a lot of fraud that can go on on these so you got to make sure that you're you're out. Your contracts are pretty tight, and you start smaller with those. And then review side, there are a lot of review sites that review products, especially in the pet category, that have large followings that do trust those reviews. This is the out. This is the timeline. As I said, the one to three. 30 day, I think, can be summarized into one week, if you have content, a lot of that time is because you got to send out samples and so forth. The rest of it is just setting up on different platforms, getting their legal work done, commission structure and so forth. Once you have those then we're going to, you know, recruit around 10 partners and test the waters and see how, how things are going. Second month we'll we'll start to really start launching it and testing it and doing soft launches and onboard some of the cash back platforms. And once we gather that data and see the performance, then we'll push it hard in month three. As I said, this is new, so the numbers that you see are all estimates. We haven't done this yet, but this is what we anticipate on our costs, the platform fees, the creative development fees that we got to pay to get those done, sending out samples in the operation expense This is how we are going to break out the the

Speaker  98960:00
partners, there's going to be the strategy partners, which are the which will pay him about 20% commission, premium partners, 15% percent percent influencers, 12 and 10. Of course, these need to be adjusted once we start running and get data back. All these platforms have some standards that you got to lay out in order, in order to communicate with with these influencers what you're offering them. So you want to put a 30 day cookie duration, minimum payout, technical terms, this is our target. By the third month that we have expanded our partnership growth to 50 partners, 15 content creators and five major cash back partnerships. Revenue that we wish to reach within that time is 76,000 average conversion 8% and average order value of $40 and as far as the market share goes, we plan to have got 2000 new customers through this and a 25% month over month growth in order to safeguard yourself again, especially through the cash back websites, there are steps that you need to take. You need to make sure that the partners are vetted pretty good. Your brand guidelines are explained. You know, they don't go claim that this is going to keep your dog alive for next 20 years, and then you get a lawsuit. So this is pretty much the technical steps that you got to take in order to protect yourself. These are the financial incentives of this plan. We're going to spend about 40. We'll get about 76 our CAC is going to be much lower than the paid ad ones, about $20 per customer. And, yeah, that's the timeline in there. Next steps. Any questions? 1111, reason. Another thing that I mentioned to put in here was that one reason that we think these would this, the strategy would be a good added on strategy to paid ads is now with with the amount of data that meta and everybody collects from website views. These are, you know, these are untouched, untouched areas for us to be able to reach these customers. So when, for example, you go to one of these blogs and read an article that's an audience that we didn't have any access to through our paid ads, but then we can start retargeting them and try to reach them out in different ways. But yeah,

Speaker  145280:00
can you go that which you you had a slide where you were talking about the different types of affiliate platforms that you wanted to or like, the different kinds of affiliates that you wanted to this one, yeah. Okay, so, so influencers, content creators, like bloggers, platforms and then review sites, yes, how, how are you planning to reach out to those like, what's your outreach plan for those Sure?

Speaker  153733:20
So the the review sites and cash back platforms, mainly on Google, you get, I mean, you know, the team searches up and finds them and reaches out to them. That's, that's the what we had in mind, content creators enjoying brands, I think, is probably one of the best ones out there. They have a very wide, you know, selection of content creators, and you can sort out and. And so forth. And when it comes to influencers, the these websites, what is the one called for, for Tiktok? I think those, those are what's, what's so under the, yeah, there's one or two good ones. I can't remember the names, but I think those, those, have done a really nice job to kind of be able to sort through, see who's, you know, who's a good influencer with big following, as far as Yes, Kat data, in finding influencers through that and see who also has large interactions, because a lot of them might have big followers, but not much interactions

Speaker  171386:40
we had, just an experience, sure

Speaker  172218:40
we probably at the beginning was, I probably February and March. I had, I hired somebody to do this for the content creators, especially. And we, we had, like, probably less than a 5% response rate to our outreach was very difficult to get, I think, because just that's the, you know, our emails being flooded by sure, like, it was really difficult to reach people through email, and then we tried, they had a little Bit of a better if we could find their their personal information, like DMing them through their social accounts had a slightly higher response rate, but that was just our experience. Was that we had a very I don't know if you guys have done that with your businesses recently, but like, we could get almost no one to respond through

Speaker  186970:40
email, right? But DM worked better for you. Worked

Speaker  187754:40
a little better. We had, like, a slightly higher response rate, but it was, it was just hard because we could not find a subject line that would break through, even if we're like, hey, we want to give you money like,

Speaker  190778:40
it is hard. Same with the review sites, you know, because a lot of the good ones are all well established, and they already got a lot of pet brands and a lot

Speaker  193456:00
of trouble with the cash, with those ladder two with code leaks, you know? And then us paint like when we're looking at what like us paying commission to people who are not actually like the code just got out, and then the credit card apps that pull up codes, you know I'm talking about, are pulling the codes. That was a big problem that was hard to figure out how to solve. That we started doing, like, three day expirable codes, but then nobody wanted to

Speaker  201829:20
share those obtained. Sure, I don't know.

Speaker  202581:20
Do if you guys have any

Speaker  203194:40
so this is, we haven't started this right, so we'll see. It'd be interesting. So what worked for you? Because I remember in your presentation, you mentioned you worked with some review sites like or blog

Speaker  207002:40
writing, the content creators that are the most directly like, truly relevant, like, related to what you like, who talks about, like, what, what your sub niche is, it sounds like you're kind of a premium pet category, yeah? So, like, people who are, like, really into their pets help, maybe they're, like, get their pets a bunch of supplements, or, like, you know, like, fight like, and then just focusing up, like, being like, just narrowing it down, yeah, narrowing it down, and then, like, going all in on a few people, that's what worked good for us. And then that social that that worked better for us. Curse, I don't know about have you guys worked in

Speaker  217877:20
which which areas are trying to affiliate, trying to finding affiliates.

Speaker  219370:40
We did really good levanta, actually, I pay out like 100 grand a month, almost basically Amazon's dashboard for creators like Amazon. When Amazon first rolled out, they had affiliate links to every bot. But there was never really a way to, like, communicate with those creators. There wasn't been a central like, where brands and creators could talk. So we do levanta, and we've launched on levanta. We were basically doing it at a loss intentionally, right, just to drive. Because I think the two things that are most important on Amazon to win Amazon is reviews and sales. Will show you those two things are really, really important. So if you can pay affiliates a ton like or just give your product away for three basically, or as we did, as at a loss, they will, they will do some interesting stuff. We've had some we had, like, one guy do what I call, like a thread virtual which is like, you know, x.com post. It's got like, 10 different things in it. And that one did, like, I think, over a million views on a single x post. And I think it's sold. I. It probably sold 2000 bottles of one of our main products in three days, which is like 10x 20x what we normally do.

Speaker  243482:40
That's awesome, so, but you're trying to get sales off of Amazon, right?

Speaker  244858:39
But same concept, right? And we also use levanta. And if you go, if you go through a lot of these affiliates that they use, they also, they're not strictly sending traffic to Amazon, if you know, if you be able to break out, and you know, reach them on email or DM, or whatever, you know, most of them, you can tell them to where to direct the traffic to, right, because you provide them the link and they get a commission. They just need to trust in your brand that, you know, they'll, they'll make money if they send traffic.

Speaker  254266:40
There, my two big questions for you, or why? 90 days? Because it seemed like you could probably do it much faster. Obviously you got to get some data behind it, and that's probably why you say 90 days, because you need to, I await the data. But then also, like, I don't know if you have, like a plan V, but you have, obviously, like, desired forecasts about what you'd like to see. But at least from my experience, for the most of the time, I said those, I did not hit those. So then it's like, how, what are your like other pivot options, if you have a certain strategy and like your certain angle, that you're going to encourage these influencers to take, like, what's your plan B angle with them, things like that. So, you know, like a I would try to compress the time to, like, push really, really hard for like, a week or two, and like, with an angle and see if it works, and then do the same thing again. So like, week three to four is, like, another new angle, push really, really hard and, like, just keep doing that. And like, two weeks sprints, I think might be better. I don't know. I'm curious.

Speaker  274400:00
Yeah, sure. So the reason we put the 90 days is pretty much for audience that has not that's starting from scratch, right, as I like. In our case, I think this can be easily done in about five to six weeks, right? It should be in half, because a lot of the time that gets wasted in this is, if you don't have creators, or if you don't have any content, you need to reach out, you need to send out products. They get samples. You know, that wastes a lot of time. Then you got to make the banners. You got to make the videos, so you can provide these platforms and these creators with with the banners and the videos and so forth. So I think, if, like, if you do have the content, then I think this, this should be easily done in about six weeks time. But if you're starting from scratch, and you don't have anything, and you're going to start this plan, that's that's why the 90 days, as far as, yeah, the numbers, these are as you mentioned, we all said targets, but it's, you know, when, when you apply it, it's different. So with, with, with the Commission's we do have, because some of the products are subscribed and save, they have better margins. We have the ability to, you know, offer better, better percentages. If we go out there and we see that they're not biting. We can, we can always include increase the percentages. Another thing that I think would be helpful to justify the expense on this is that, you know, we can retarget them with meta ads. We can retarget with a lot of these people with different ads once they go to these, you know, once they click on, when they when they go to the Blogger site, and they click and they visit our site, then we have a better maybe they didn't convert at the first visit, but, you know, we have the ability to keep, you know, hitting him two or three times after they read the blog and they go visit our site and so forth. And that should also help justify that, that expense. So that's there. That's a plan. Cool. What are you starting this right away? Or we plan to start in 10 days. Yeah. And what's the rest of the business look like? My Businesses? They're non Amazon related. They're investments, mostly,

Speaker  310069:20
but this one specifically, is it your business is already up and running? Right?

Speaker  311125:20
Yeah, that's a bad business. Yeah, we are on Amazon. We've been on Amazon for about four we have four employees. We've been on Amazon for about four years, and we've had the Shopify site, but we never really pushed it. We've tried, just like everybody else, you know, and we tried and we failed, and we realized that the the cost, you know, cost of customer acquisition, is just quite high, and it doesn't justify the number. So we didn't really push it. But now we feel we're at the point we almost got shut down to two months ago. So I. Was like a wake up call too.

Speaker  320400:00
I worked briefly for pet lab.com Oh, did you if you know pet lab? Yes, my very close friends who started

Speaker  322768:00
that home, yeah, they've done a great job, and they sold, right,

Speaker  323840:00
yeah, so, like six months ago, but that's another big R nap then too. But I don't know what the total number was, but I know they were like trying to sell for three years, and they wanted a billion dollar valuation, so I don't know if they got that high, but maybe

Speaker  328165:20
even close enough is good, right? That's a good goal. Yeah, awesome. All right. Thank you.
