MDS Mogul Call with Sellico 
Date: November 05, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Spring is coming. So super happy about that good that

Speaker  1616:00
makes two of us very good. Okay, let me

Speaker  3296:00
let the team know.

Speaker  7477:20
Alrighty.

Speaker  9525:20
Oh, I have, I think I downloaded Ian's photo in my computer like 18 times, but I keep just downloading it again instead of looking it up. For some reason. Hey, Jamie.

Speaker  14122:40
Hey, that's funny. Greetings, Jamie, all right, I'll just let me make sure

Speaker  17071:59
Ian's here. So

Speaker  17776:00
just FYI, hey, you guys. Hey, hello. I just got off a podcast, and now I'm out of anything smart to say, like I just, it's all gone.

Speaker  21765:20
Now it's the secrets. Yeah, now it's the secret.

Speaker  22693:20
Now I'm just gonna tell everyone the truth. That's it. No more, no more fluff.

Speaker  24117:20
Was it like a kind of QA type podcast, or were you kind of presenting like content?

Speaker  25333:20
It was a QA it was one of those econ podcasts, and everyone wants to know how to crack Tiktok shop, right? That's, that's the million dollar question. And I have, I have about a five, I have about a $50,000 answer. So I, you know, I got some value there, not quite a million. Yeah,

Speaker  32442:40
let's see, I'm like, looking at my click up, thinking, what am I supposed to be doing? And I'm like, Okay, I was actually supposed to be looking to click up. I'm supposed to be posting up the Zoom link. MDS, right. Here we go. I

Speaker  39109:20
What's the format again? Jamie, I forget you just kind of do a quick intro, and then we just jump right in. Right? Yeah. Cool. Is Sergio jumping on Daniel.

Speaker  43306:39
Oh, he is here in the flush. His microphone is muted. He is her. Oh,

Speaker  44234:40
there he is. All I had to do is hit all I had to do is hit a button. Okay,

Speaker  45306:39
maybe, maybe I missed the whole memo of wear a hat, but I think my hair is just fine today.

Speaker  46570:40
Yeah, you know, you have nice hair. You know, just enjoy your hair. Okay, thank

Speaker  48255:59
you. I Every day I do my best, but I put a little extra MDS for a minute. Okay, so, yeah, it's, I'm a little

Speaker  50640:00
I'm a little dark, I'm a little dark. I'm going to turn on my light a lot.

Speaker  52048:00
Do you have an amazing view? Yeah,

Speaker  52816:00
and the view is getting all the view is getting all the attention, not me, it

Speaker  55173:19
is. We always used to, always used to be like a sort of open tool MDS event in Miami in January. And we would always be thinking like, Oh, should we go or not? And then like, you know, November would come along in England, we'd be like, Oh, we're definitely gonna go, Oh, yeah.

Speaker  59706:40
And it's not been on the

Speaker  59994:40
last couple of years, but

Speaker  60282:40
they're doing, like, an investments, one,

Speaker  61402:40
which could be interesting, that

Speaker  61866:40
could be interesting, but I'd rather go and do a boat party.

Speaker  63338:40
Yeah, why don't make a doll? So you can do, you can do it on the boat. That's, that's the real way to rate, you know, that

Speaker  64944:00
do some deals on the boat before it even comes back.

Speaker  66320:00
Yeah, I've just spent ages trying to simplify all my investments and stuff. I don't know if I went to that, if I went to that, I've been all of a sudden

Speaker  68368:00
wanting to do a whole bunch of different stuff.

Speaker  69439:59
I know I'm I'm so bad when someone tells me some stock is good, I throw $5,000 into it, and then I I'm just, I need to stop, I need to stop listening to people.

Speaker  72517:20
If I think about stocks that people told me three years ago that I've done well, I've lost money, I know, I know, yeah, so just trying

Speaker  74693:20
to put everything, I'm trying to put everything into funds now. Funds now, which is so boring, but I

Speaker  76106:40
know I I've been doing the same thing, but it's, like, the most boring thing of all time. Yeah?

Speaker  77482:40
Patience. What a what a concept, you know. Yeah,

Speaker  79514:40
I've got a brand new Mac Mini, and it won't let me open up WhatsApp until I've, like, closed a ton of other stuff. And I'm like, Well, I thought the whole point of this computer was they're supposed to be able to do lots of stuff at the same time.

Speaker  83728:00
Try and close some more stuff.

Speaker  84176:00
You can showcase the photos of you in the water in Lake Como to kick off the call. How about that?

Speaker  85440:00
Yeah, that'd be good. I can get what's happening. I was the only person to swim in Lake Como,

Speaker  87029:20
and I was the only person to photograph him swim in a swimming in Lake Como. Okay, so he gets the point.

Speaker  89029:20
Yeah, it was, yeah, it was nice in there.

Speaker  89957:20
It looked really nice, and it was really hot, like, uncomfortably hot.

Speaker  91818:40
Yeah, it was quite a hot day.

Speaker  92586:40
Yeah, people wearing, people wearing jeans. Definitely regretted it. Yeah,

Speaker  94458:40
for sure,

Speaker  94746:40
you also forget how much you have to walk. That's the other part. You think you're just going to be on a boat, but no, you take a bus to then walk to the anyway, it

Speaker  96880:00
was beautiful, beautiful, long day.

Speaker  99472:00
Yeah, a bunch of early, early people today. It's not even

Speaker  101056:00
the time. I forgot, is this live? It's live. It's live, plus recording, right? Yeah, it is,

Speaker  103141:20
even though it says recording this part won't actually be part of the recording. Yeah, you know, welcome to the Mogul. Call that. That's the bit that will actually be on the recording. Yeah. So you know, anyone coming early is getting an extra an extra treat. I'm launching, I'm launching four products at the moment, which is, which is interesting. So far, so far, one of them is going okay. Two not great, and one bad. So still hoping, still hoping that things can improve. But Yeah, unfortunately, not been as popular on the vine reviews as we'd hoped.

Speaker  112911:59
I'm just like, What a shock.

Speaker  113968:00
But why one of them? Okay, it says one of our products has the word badass on it, and then people are complaining that they think it's a swear word. It's like, well, why did you select it on Vine?

Speaker  117392:00
It's in the main image. Don't get me started with mine

Speaker  118245:20
or me, yeah,

Speaker  119173:20
and so with so

Speaker  119589:20
that's in the US. And now, now I'm scared to turn vine on in the UK. I'm worried I'm gonna get the same from my own my own people gonna give me the same treatment.

Speaker  122293:19
Now, I don't blame you. Vine is brutal, but we've,

Speaker  124010:40
we've opened up vine to the Italians.

Speaker  125098:40
There's a question for you.

Speaker  125450:40
They're always really nice.

Speaker  126250:40
Oh, good.

Speaker  126570:40
Italians just love free stuff, just like the amount of emails we used to gather that we still do from Italians trying to get a free stuff out. But

Speaker  129264:00
that's good to know. That's good to know on the Italians. Just

Speaker  130544:00
nice people.

Speaker  131360:00
Jamie, there's a question for you in the chat they were asking, Did you price it below retail to make them think it was cheaper?

Speaker  132896:00
Yeah, that's, that's the common game.

Speaker  133360:00
It's, already, it's already 999 now, my team member wanted to launch them at 699 but then me and Kaylee said we wanted to launch a 999 so maybe he was right. Maybe we should, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe we should have done but yeah, I just thought that. I just thought that it was going to pop right away at 999, yeah, we'll see. We'll see the plenty of time. It's a very dead like gift set. So hopefully they'll start to pop like more like around now. Okay, everyone right in the chat the number of Christmas presents that you've bought so far, I'll go zero,

Speaker  145072:00
I'll go zero, I'll go zero.

Speaker  146208:00
Come on. Let's see. Let's see, at least let Come on. One person bought a Christmas present.

Speaker  147312:00
I don't think anybody has, I really don't. I think everyone's just waiting for bfcm, wow.

Speaker  149557:20
All right, well, because I've noticed my American sales, but as soon as Halloween has gone, organized Americans are making purchases already, but it feels like they're not buying on the gifting keywords. They're buying on the product keywords that they kind of like. They kind of know what they want to get, rather than but some of the gifting interesting go up a bit.

Speaker  154938:40
Yeah, interesting.

Speaker  156426:40
Because, you know, some products like we need to, we need to get, we need to get into, though, some of our products, we've ordered a ton. So we really need, we need to be on the gifting keywords and the product keywords in order to sell what we've got. Well, I'm

Speaker  160058:40
disappointed, yeah,

Speaker  160528:00
I'm disappointed no one's bought a Christmas present. Alright, okay. Well, welcome to the Mogul call guys. I'm just going to take you for a couple of things. First thing is to remind you to use the Mogul call app. Now, if you've not logged into the Mogul call app for a few months, you'll notice that it has gotten a lot better. So it's quicker, it doesn't make you log in every time. Less problems with Facebook login, yeah, so you catch up with calls and you can get on the chat. Yeah, have on your home screen. Check it regularly Next up, yeah. MDS summit in Singapore, so come and see all your MDS buddies, and particularly, come and hang out with, you know, all the Asian and Australian members. So it'll be fun. Next up, yeah, join the WhatsApp. So if you are on the WhatsApp, I put reminders. I say what the call is and a reminder about the call. So definitely make sure you join that. We'll put a link in the chat afterwards, in case you don't have a phone. Yeah, obviously Sellico partner spotlight. So Sellico pricing is already pretty good, but you can get 20% off Tiktok shop launch pad, 10% of Tiktok shop management. I think there's a couple of other MDS offers you guys have

Speaker  180688:00
got as well. Is that? Right?

Speaker  181136:00
It pretty much the 20% pretty much covers the gamut of services. Yeah, yeah, and it's decent. You guys are you guys have always been getting a great deal, and we're happy to provide it.

Speaker  185189:20
Awesome. Thanks. Thank you.

Speaker  185909:20
That's my AI face, everybody. So that's what happens when AI makes you look 20 years younger. And I thought that was hilarious. I wanted to, I wanted to highlight that today. But yeah, that's me,

Speaker  189514:40
Daniel, that I have it like 20 times in my computer because I download it again each time. So your AI face is all over my Mac all the time. Good.

Speaker  191978:40
You can have it. You can look at it whenever you want. I will,

Speaker  193680:00
all right, cool guys. So we'll start the recording from here. Welcome to the Mogul call. Really happy to have Daniel Ian from Sellico here. And I know last time I had you guys on the call, you said some new stuff. Been rolling out some new ideas. And even so, you guys, like you guys, been working hard.

Speaker  198933:20
We had working very hard. Thanks for having

Speaker  199765:20
us tools that you guys have developed. And also, there's a tool within Tiktok that you want to show us as well. Is that right?

Speaker  201509:20
Yeah, there's, there's, there's, we want to clear the air on that's one. And then after that, we would love to show you some some tick tock tools that we feel everyone needs. Sounds good. So where do you want me to start?

Speaker  205434:40
Jamie, should we do the Should we do the Should we do the Amazon one first,

Speaker  206634:40
I think it's a good idea. I think Amazon's the for the forefront of everyone's mind. Yeah, let's do that. Let's jump to Amazon. I'll give you a Carlson moment, and I'll be very controversial for a little bit. So Sellico made some pretty massive changes to their Amazon product accelerator service, which is traditionally a search find by rebate program. I don't want to mince words on what it was, and we, we made the decision to make it more compliant. That decision was made a year prior to rolling anything out. So it was something that was in the works for a long time. And you know the truth is, is I want you guys, as sellers to do things as safe as possible, and I have never been an accessory to anybody having an issue on Amazon, and plan to be, but I wanted to keep an LMS record, and I did that with with you guys in mind. So in April 10 of this year, we we got rid of some some some stuff on the Amazon Giveaway tool that I know upset some of you guys, and I know some of you guys went over to other services, and I knew that was going to happen. I was prepared for it. I was like, you know, I'm going to win some and I'm going to lose some. It's fine. So I just wanted to discuss what the tool does now, so you guys fully understand its capabilities. So maybe you think you know what? Maybe I should come back to Sellico and give it a go and try the ply method on my next product launch. So that's kind of what I wanted to clear here today on Amazon. I have Sergio here. Sergio is from my team. He's the guy that is been given the demos. He's awesome. And you guys, if you do want a full demo of the product, Sergio will be the guy you you talk going forward, but he's going to share some screen here. And to do today, Jamie, is we're going to highlight our own product launch today, using our service, our Amazon service. So what everyone's about to see is Daniel and I's own product launch for our

Speaker  240752:00
coffee brand. We love to see real products.

Speaker  241808:00
It's not a big product, it's a real product. It's a real product. And the reason,

Speaker  242704:00
and the reason why we want to do that is we're very, very strict about confidentiality, and the last thing I want to do is show our service with one of your guys products, because who wants to be the highlight? So we're doing it on our own product today. So Sergio, do you want to share your screen on the Kat,

Speaker  247605:20
the mock PDP, or do you want the daily report? Let's

Speaker  248677:20
start with the mock PDP. So our program works now. The big difference is you do not put in a specific keyword singularity keyword to target on Amazon. The reason being is that everyone knows that is considered rank manipulation. So what we decided to do was give you guys a little flavor of what you were experiencing before, but with a different style. And the style we call now is called mock PDP mock, meaning a mock up PDP product description page. So what we're leveraging now is we're giving you guys the ability to create your own landing page that inspires the shoppers. And he's going to show you what it looks like for our coffee brand, what we did. And I'll just tell you guys some of the results on our coffee launch. Just like you guys, our launch was riddled with with problems. Wow, what a shock. But other than that, the ranking was really good, so we'll talk about that today. So what the mock PDP does, and I think you can get it if you want to go into admin, you can get in on the admin screen. Sergio anyway, you

Speaker  267978:40
can share your screen to do that if you

Speaker  268522:40
need to. Yeah, because admin is gonna, is gonna open Fort Knox, for everybody here. So what mock PDP is is you basically upload your hero image, and you're allowed to do a minimum of 40 characters, a maximum of 120 characters and create a title that that image is going to be the inspiration of all the searches. You're still able to do a 30, day, 20, day, 15, day, whatever schedule. You're still able to do a ramp up, ramp down, all those cool things that we've enabled you to do before all that is still available. You're still able to offer the product for a rebate, and the way we get around the rebate is all the questions that are asked to our shoppers, so the shoppers are still required to answer up to five questions about the product listing, compare your competitors, and that's the justification for a rebate. They're basically getting a rebate in exchange for market research. I understand, guys, we're putting a little bit of lipstick on a pig here. I get it regards to, like, adding frills and fluff to make it more compliant. But we're doing that to make sure that it's all in is to Amazon, a compliance service,

Speaker  287082:40
as well as hopefully getting some useful information as a bonus as well, right? Yeah.

Speaker  288224:00
So you have to get the mock PDP through the admin screen. If Daniel, you want to get it, you can, oh, there, right there at the bottom, right

Speaker  290144:00
the bottom, coffee, instant coffee, click that. Coffee. Click that. So this is, let me jump in here. So this image is our main image on Amazon, and this the actual vernacular and verbiage you're seeing is custom just for our Sellico shoppers to see before they go and look for the product on Amazon. So the instant coffee, instant coffee package, decaf instant coffee, that is not our Amazon title, that's just specific for the Sellico campaign, and this right here is shown to Sellico shoppers before they go and seek the product on Amazon. So this is the shoppers reference point. This is customizable, and I'll let Ian continue on that. Yeah.

Speaker  301018:40
So, you know, I put some selling points at the bottom, stuff like that. You don't have to do that. I put my three favorite keywords. I can't tell the shoppers I want. Six purchases on this keyword. 12 on this one. I just basically said, look for a launch. We don't really care which keyword, because all three of these are really good, and that's actually true. And what happened in that daily report page, which Sergio will share, will show you what the actual keywords that were searched came out as, and our ranking was amazing. What's cool about this new service is that it actually gives you what you should have for a launch. It gives you a multitude of keywords and variety coming in every day from organic shoppers, because that's real life. Real life. People don't just search one keyword over and over again. They search different auto completes. So, as you guys can see on the right

Speaker  314261:20
there, seeing that image and that text, and then they're deciding what they should search for to

Speaker  315834:40
find it. That's right. So continue to scroll down Sergio so they can see just the coverage one person put a crazy keyword in there, but you can see most of them are pretty consistent. Okay. So what's great is we we rank for instant coffee packets. We're right now. I don't know if you guys want to search yourself what we are today. The campaign ended about a week ago, but instant coffee packets, we ended at five. DCAP instant coffee we ended at eight. And these are results.

Speaker  324384:00
They sound like big keywords. Yeah, instant

Speaker  325120:00
coffee packets is a pretty big keyword. It's also the keyword for our product, because it's, it's, it's the medium tail keyword that converts the best. Now here's what's amazing. Notice the price on the on the left there, you guys see the $8 799, 817, that's the price the shopper paid out of their pocket. So our product, we were able to do a full campaign without giving a single unit away. Everything was done with promotion codes, 50% off. Promotion codes, I think it was like 70% off. That's why it's coming out. It's eight bucks. So that was cool, because it actually helped finance a little bit of our launch. Instead of giving products away, we were able to get a little bit of money back. And I'm ranking works fantastic, whether it's a promo code or it's a full rebate. I have proven this with hundreds of campaigns. So if you guys have a product that qualifies for promotion codes, aka, not a supplement, then I highly recommend doing your next launch with promotion codes and saving yourself some

Speaker  342021:20
money. Yeah. So just to reiterate, the ability to have shoppers on a schedule compliantly locate your listing, search answer survey questions, which you can customize and then actually convert and report back to you what they searched and be shown that every day on our dashboard is still viable, still real, still effective, and it does work. So a little bit more advanced, a little bit more sophisticated, but the fundamental effectiveness is still very prominent, and we just proved that with the copy launch. So that was to clear the air. Go ahead,

Speaker  349882:40
did you get any useful intel on the listing from the questions? Great

Speaker  351498:40
question. Sergio. Can go back. In fact, we use an AI summary to go through all of the survey questions and then combine them into an outcome with actionable steps you can take based on the survey question. So right here, you're looking at an AI summary of all the collective survey questions, of what people thought, what they liked, what they didn't. And at the very bottom, you can see, by implementing these suggested changes, we can obviously assist ourselves.

Speaker  358837:20
Yeah, and we, and we actually did make the changes we added. We added another image to communicate the six different levels, because that was a big thing people. It wasn't really clear in the images. So we actually did make a change. Our launch ended right here. Look at that. Look at the sales our launch. It literally was dead, dead, dead. And then all of a sudden, we're selling 5075, units a day, and we're still maintaining that the only reason our sales are down is because the AWS bullshit killed two of our variations. So I know it's like taking a break, but outside of that, the sales have been really, really great. We're very happy. We're doing about 1000

Speaker  373333:20
nutrition info display better. Yeah, we indicate caffeine content per serving and caffeine.

Speaker  375173:20
And I'll show you guys the image that makes sense that I'll show you the image that we added. So here's the image we added because of that great feedback.

Speaker  380410:40
Levels of caffeine. Yeah, exactly. And we made it number two, because that was, like, the overarching statement is, like, you know that that factor not being crystal clear, because our USP is that we offer our coffee and six levels of caffeine, so why aren't we like, like, hitting that hard, right? So, yeah, that's Amazon. Anyone have any questions on the mock

Speaker  386256:00
PDP? Okay, there was one question in the chat, but any other questions, put them in the chat, guys, or raise your hands, but just quickly. So what's the, what's the sort of rebate cost or purchase cost on these 450

Speaker  390741:20
for MDS, and I think it's five and change for supplement, yeah, it's five and change for supplement, 450 for non supplement, yeah, 450

Speaker  393189:20
is actually pretty decent. A lot of people are quite Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  394437:19
Our prices have not changed. We have not changed our prices for a year, and we have a ton of examples. The problem is, is that all of our other examples are clients, and we do, we do not. We do not show clients on recorded screens. So the main thing to know, Constantine, or whoever asked that question, was that if you do a good mock PDP and have your favorite keywords in there, you're going to get a lot of traction on those keywords. It's not complicated. That's what people see. That's what they search. And they will find the product using those keywords, and you will get ranking because they're going to check out with those keywords. It's very simple,

Speaker  406053:20
and then, like any launch with rebates, some keywords will stick and some weren't won't, depending on how strong the offer is 100%

Speaker  408213:20
and depending on how specific the product is to that keyword. Like instant coffee, we're not ranking well on it, but instant coffee is we are a single serve product, and there's a lot of instant coffees out there that are $6 for a jar of instant coffee, and it's hard to convert at $24 compared to a $6 jar, but for single serve and packets, we're killing it. So that's a good example of that. I want to

Speaker  414922:40
answer this question once again, constantly, what is the likelihood of getting rebates at 50% versus 8100 that's a great question. Essentially, ask yourself, what would you want for 50% off or 70% off? And that's a really good measurement, if you would not buy a ram supplement for 50% off, most other people want it, but most people do have dogs, animals. So yes, 50% 70% 80% works great. The only time you really run into an issue air close with that is if you're looking to generate hundreds of sales or units, and you're looking to do it for 50% off, obviously it's going to restrict our ability to fulfill the more units that you're looking to move. So the higher the percent, the more units we can move. Once again, electronics, headphones, anything, Christmas time, kids, toys. You can give it with the promo code gifts. This is the best time of year to do it. Some people don't care about the promo code. They just want the certainty that they're absolutely going to achieve the amount of products they want. So they do the rebate. That's your own decision. If we fall short, we mark the campaign. Complete early in any credits, roll over onto your next campaign that you can run simultaneously.

Speaker  432384:00
What do you mean by promo codes,

Speaker  433376:00
the group codes on Amazon, so a seller can create a 50% off code just for a Sellico shopper, that they apply at checkout. Further, if you want more than 50% off, you have a public listing code, and you allow it to be stacked with the private group code, so a Sellico shopper can go and clip your 20% off listing, which is public, and then also add the private 50% off. To get a collective perspective.

Speaker  439861:20
They don't even have to wait for a rebate. They know it's definitely free.

Speaker  441205:20
It's not free. It's going to be like, it's going to be like a 10% coupon plus a 50% promo, or 20% coupon, plus a 50% promo, it'll be 67 they

Speaker  444170:40
would still be paying something. Yes, correct. But to get to get the real, if you need real volume on a launch, then is it? Is the 100% rebate. It's just the easiest thing

Speaker  446954:40
to offer. Okay? Yeah.

Speaker  447914:40
Cool. Any other questions, guys. Well, look, we can always come back to Amazon launch. Amazon launches later. But if you're big on Tiktok, you don't need to worry about, you don't need to worry about any of this stuff. No need, no No need. You're big on Tiktok, right? Just get the Amazon sales were just rolling on their own. Let's go over to Tiktok land. So

Speaker  454693:20
let's, let's talk about what the problem is on Tiktok first. And so the big problem on Tiktok is when you start and you get your shop approved, you are limited on your affiliate outreach, and you have no sales and you have no reviews, and affiliates don't want to work with you. Okay, unless you're selling Nike shoes or iPhones. I know those are extreme examples. Affiliates are going to ignore your Dapps. That's the big problem on Tiktok. The way we get around it is with the launchpad program, and we're going to show you that program. And what it does is it basically is a giveaway driven review program and on Tiktok right now, at this date, in November, 2025 Tiktok loves our program. Tiktok sending us leads. Tiktok is not. They are not. They are playing ball with us. I just don't know how long that's going to last. So we are able to do amazing things that we can never do on Amazon. So here's how it works. When you create a Tiktok Launchpad program, you supply an affiliate video, or we provide one for you for an extra fee of 50 bucks. So if you have no affiliate videos, and you want to increase your outreach, and you want to increase your reviews, and you want to basically get through that, that outreach threshold. And let me go back to what that means when you start Tiktok requires $2,000 of affiliate GMB in order to increase your outreach limits. And you need your outreach, your out outreach limits to be at least 7000 per week, because, again, it's going to take a lot of outreach for you to get a few videos. So the more outreach capabilities you have, the more videos you're going to get into your shop. That's the key. So we found that if we run giveaways to an affiliate video of $2,000 value of sales or more, in a 30 day period your outreach will go to. It's not maybe the Yeah, 7000

Speaker  489381:19
Yeah, 7000 is unlimited, yeah.

Speaker  490069:20
So that that's the key here is that with pushing giveaways to an affiliate video, we can basically unlock your shop. So what you're going to do is run a seven to 15 Day Giveaway campaign using Launchpad. You're going to either input an affiliate video URL or you can buy one from us. That's a recent update. We have our own affiliate pool now, so we will basically make a good video for you for 50 bucks, great deal, and then all the buyers will go through that affiliate video that we supply. Then after your schedule is done, our team will go and request reviews from all those shoppers, and those reviews will trickle in, and they average about 40 to 60% so in order to be Tiktok compliant, we had to do a few things on that. One, all the reviews have to have, have to end with the disclaimer that they received the product for free so their Tiktok doesn't get in trouble with the FTC. Okay? So it just says at the end, free product, exactly what Amazon does with vine. We also can't require a review. We have to politely request a review. That's why it's not 100% review rate. And then third, we can't tell the person what to review, just like Vine, we just asked for a review, and we let them be honest, our shoppers are a little friendlier than vines Jamie, so they are much more friendly than vine. So the reviews will come in good, and we can't delete a review. So if the review isn't to your liking, we are not going to go and delete it. Okay, that's those are the those are the rules we had to go by in order to have this product compliant with Tiktok. And so that is very

Speaker  518117:20
good. And just to confirm here, people get confused. These are written reviews on Tiktok shop. I know people when they think Tiktok would think of videos. Now this is your actual listing on Tiktok shop getting written word reviews. So just to clarify that,

Speaker  522501:20
yeah, so go ahead and Sergio. You can you can click on the little review button on the bottom and just show them. All the reviews are going to be published here. We are adding a bunch of features. We're going to add the stars, we're going to add the the product that was reviewed, link, and we're going to add a date and time of each review. So that's being added really soon here. So you're going to get a little more reference with what the reviews mean. There's no search. Tiktok is not a search keyword based platform, so everyone's just buying through an affiliate link. So it's very easy for our shoppers. They just click on the affiliate link and they buy. And here's what I've actually had happen on a few occasions, is those affiliate videos do very well because they're getting a bunch of purchases, and they're getting comments, they're getting engagement. And those affiliates sometimes don't count on it, but sometimes those affiliate videos do well on their own.

Speaker  535381:20
I can. I'll give a tiny bit of additional use cases there, Ian, if it's all right. So from the agencies that do work with us. So as Ian stated earlier, Tiktok does actually encourage us to present on their Lark office hours on a monthly basis. So that's that is both the agency side. So us presenting to other agencies and then us presenting to brands, the launch the launchpad services, is usually the the flagship offering we have there. But a couple of agencies have also developed their own use cases for the platform. There's some GMB Max use cases, which is their ad platform, essentially seeding videos with sales before putting them into GMB Max. The concept being the algorithm cannot tell the difference between an organic purchase and a Sellico purchase, because at the end of the day, we are organic purchases, so it blasts the videos out for a lot less ad spend. Additionally, there's also the customer service shop score. Use case, they have us the sales then open up a couple of customer service tickets, and that improves their customer service score. Because a shop score is made up of three things, your product review score, or your stars, your fulfillment metrics and your customer service metrics. On the customer service metrics and the product metrics, Product Review metrics, we can help with fulfillment metrics. That's really up to your three PL and your own warehouse. But there are multiple use cases for this. I just want to call that out as as other agencies and other brands give us ideas of of where, where else we can help and explore with you guys?

Speaker  561088:00
Yeah, the shop score is a big thing. I don't know if anyone here is on tick tock, but if your shop score goes below four, you're basically shadow band. Your GMB Max won't perform, your videos won't perform. So we have the use case of people coming in and increasing their shop score by getting some purchases and reviews through our platform. So that's another use case for what, how you can use Launchpad, post launch

Speaker  567109:20
question Is there a minimum, maximum limits of purchases per

Speaker  569317:20
affiliate? Okay, cool.

Speaker  570757:20
What purchase of the campaign.

Speaker  571578:40
So total, so total purchases. There we have a MOQ of 50 right now. And then the max that we that we're currently running at is 300 units per campaign. After that, it just we haven't cleared that much with with bytedance just yet, or Tiktok.

Speaker  576010:40
Okay, so somebody will come to you with an affiliate video, or you can help them make one. Then this platform will help find people that will buy from that affiliate video and then get it refunded, and then they will leave reviews on your Tiktok shop.

Speaker  580496:00
So review rate, yep, it's a way

Speaker  581184:00
of getting reviews on Tiktok shop, and it could be it might help with the videos. Might do better because they're getting purchases, but maybe not.

Speaker  583717:20
Yeah, that's correct. And obviously the unlocking of creator access and all the other use cases also just to reaffirm we handle all those reimbursements on our side, the only thing you need to do as a seller is create your campaign, pay for it once it's live. You simply just look at the dashboard every single day. So you're going to see what day you're on. You're going to see the orders, the order IDs of the purchases. You can cross reference with your seller site on Tiktok. You can see the written reviews coming in. It really is hands off for you. It's very hands on for us, as you can imagine. But there's nothing required from you once your campaign begins, besides just watching it. If you have any questions, you reach out. Otherwise it does its does its magic.

Speaker  595600:00
Constantine, you got a question you want to ask it

Speaker  596544:00
no just to clarify what the cost is per campaign, I understand. So let's say there's 100 rebates. So that's rebate cost. So there's a cost per rebate, there's a cost to actually refund people for the for the product, whatever the percentage is, and then there is a cost per campaign, or how, what would the total stack up? Let's say it's a $50 product, and there's 100 of them. You're doing just for even numbers kind of thing?

Speaker  603402:40
Yeah, we have a campaign calculator now. Sergio will share a screen on that the campaign calculators on our website and on our dashboard. So why don't Sergio put it in as an MDS? Just do it as agency pricing for the sake of this demonstration, because that's the same pricing as MDS. So I recommend you guys use our calculator for all of our services before you even set up a campaign, so you can see exactly what your investment is going

Speaker  612335:59
to be. Yeah, because with these things, a lot of time you forget about it until you're going through your PNL, and it's like, what's

Speaker  614197:20
this? Yeah, I know. I know absolutely,

Speaker  615365:20
because obviously it feels because you are getting part of it back from the sale, so it can look like quite a big bill. Sometimes, absolutely,

Speaker  619029:20
we could also add in the back end of this marketplace commission Tiktok is going to be what it's six, 8% we'll call it 8%

Speaker  622058:40
cogs, yeah, let's just say the cogs on a $50 item is 15 bucks, and then shipping it 76 Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker  625824:00
So, Constantine, if Did you say it was a $50 retail, or did you want 50 units, I might have misheard

Speaker  628064:00
it was, you're muted. Constantine,

Speaker  628960:00
let's do 100 units.

Speaker  629423:59
100 units. All right, cool.

Speaker  629813:20
It's not my specific product. I just want to make it clear with the totals. So you're

Speaker  631477:20
looking at also, also you're you're not doing agency pricing. So go up Sergio and fix it to Oh, you're doing a supplement. You're doing a supplement. So do it? Do a non supplement? Okay, there you go. So that's the pricing.

Speaker  635402:39
The supplements will be $8 everything else, 650 That's right, right? Okay,

Speaker  636522:40
yeah, yeah, supplements are a chore to give away, guys. Just so everyone knows it is very hard to give away supplements, and it's also just because all giveaway platforms have been inundated with supplement products, so people's cabinets are quite full of the latest and greatest supplements.

Speaker  640976:00
The hardest thing you can do in life is they give away a free supplement. I'm kidding.

Speaker  642768:00
Okay, good, yeah. So on rebate key, you used to have to pay people. They would do 100% pay people to take the supplements, right? So the rebate would be like 120% 130 i Great.

Speaker  647050:40
Any other questions? I don't know how how much of interest this might be, but we also do live purchases. So if you guys are investing in live streaming for your Tiktok accounts, we do drive traffic to the to the live, and we do conversions on the live to increase your algorithm.

Speaker  652506:40
Yes, that's That's correct. So if anyone was in Milan, Italy, I was there Sellico at the booth, but I also spent some time in the main room, and there was a presentation given about the importance of not just being live on Tiktok, but the actual conversions on your Tiktok live during the first 90 days of Tiktok. So I don't recall who gave the presentation. Maybe Jamie knows, but it's a pretty hot topic. And I was in the back of the room, and after a few people came up to me and said, Hey, everyone's talking about how important it is to get conversions on Tiktok shop is, that's a big live selling is, that's a big indicator of how Tiktok views you. Let's see. Leo did one. Okay, good. So a few people approached me and said, Hey, would you be able to send Sellico shoppers to convert for a rebate on a live and I go, haha, anything's possible, but we need to get to work on it. So we went to work developing it and created it's live on the Sellico dashboard, tick tock life purchases. So you can pick what day are going live or what window of hours on a schedule, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, from 12pm to 4pm and how many tick tock life purchases Do you want during that time frame? So it does exist. It is real. Obviously, not everybody's at that level where that is is right for them, but if it is right for you, it does exist. And the protocol for a Tiktok live purchase is somebody to join the live they must engage for two to four minutes. So that's asking questions. Whether you want specific questions asked or for them to just ask generic questions, they must tap the live art, the live and then, within two to four minutes, actually add it to their cart, checkout, purchase. And once again, you'll see on the Sellico dashboard the order IDs, the purchase amount, and ensuring that everything was hit as you desired from a target standpoint, every day. So that is something new. It is live. It is real.

Speaker  683530:40
And that should that gets you to review, but also might help to promote the live and to help Tiktok to promote live more.

Speaker  685082:40
So there's no review with that. Those people are not gonna say that's a whole different flow, but the strategy behind it is, yes, the more conversion

Speaker  687578:40
just to choose your life. Okay,

Speaker  688239:59
yes, cool. So

Speaker  690048:00
I think there was one more tool that you guys wanted to show us. Is that right?

Speaker  691584:00
I think that's it. We have the lives. We have the launchpad program, and then we have white hat, Amazon accelerator. I think the only other service that people do use us for that's worth giving a honorable mention to is our marketplace review program that is basically just non Amazon marketplaces where you want to post reviews. Most popular for that would be Walmart and target.com and what's actually becoming more popular is us sending traffic to your own website, buying the product from your own website, and writing a review, because a lot of Shopify websites are now syndicating to other platforms. So if you have reviews on your website, it's the gift that keeps on giving. So marketplace review program is really, really handy when you're launching DTC Products or other marketplaces as well. Cool.

Speaker  705184:00
Okay, well, let's, should we start talking a bit more about launching on Tiktok and Amazon. So, yeah, guys, if you want to ask any questions that are more general about launching on Tiktok on Amazon, then let us know.

Speaker  709184:00
Yeah, also I, you know, over at Bull by Jamie, we manage 68 brands on Tiktok. That's our, that's our latest number. I checked this morning. So if anyone has any Tiktok questions, I've been through it, man, like I've I've failed. I have succeeded. I have I've been, you know, my team and I have been through everything with Tiktok. So if you guys do have any Tiktok any Tiktok questions, I'm happy to also just answer general questions. Cool.

Speaker  716954:40
Oh, there was one, one more question for Constantine, which is, can this be done on any marketplace? I think you just answered that, right? But I think on other marketplaces, you can be a bit more, you can be a bit more brazen and transactional about the reviews, because you don't have to be quite so. Ka, have to be quite so careful, like, if you want a Walmart review or whatever, it's a bit more

Speaker  721888:00
straightforward. Yeah, it is. Walmart's really straightforward. Obviously, on your website, doesn't get more straightforward.

Speaker  723728:00
We've done a lot of campaigns on chewy.com, Etsy has been a special request. Gnc.com, any marketplace where you need shoppers to go, a lot of the services are just as viable, so keep

Speaker  726517:20
how much for trust pilot review.

Speaker  727525:20
That's That's hilarious. We don't, we don't do reviews without a product, but that's funny. I've had people ask me to do reviews on Google pages, and I'm like, Nah, not. Not my thing. We

Speaker  731466:40
kept on getting we kept on getting trust pilot reviews for the wrong brand because they got one name the same. And it's so annoying our

Speaker  733786:40
trust pilots, Daniel

Speaker  734394:40
and I got a review for Sellico. Daniel and I got a review for Sellico that I think it was similar to the name of a Chinese clothing brand that the guy ordered some pants and they never arrived anyway. That's ridiculous. They

Speaker  738272:00
removed it, though. Just to clarify, it was a quick removal.

Speaker  739472:00
So yeah, I can only ask fairly nude questions about Tiktok because we're only on Tiktok shop UK, and even not much so if any of us shop pros have any good questions, put them in the chat or raise your hands. But just before we get to that. So would you say the ideal assuming that a brand is a good fit for Tiktok, then the ideal is to be doing Tiktok and Amazon and doing them well. And that's, that's, that's currently the ultimate, the ultimate flywheel, and the best way to be going

Speaker  746762:40
right? It absolutely is. You. You have to have an Amazon presence, because people check Amazon. So Amazon gives credibility to the product. About 40% of shoppers are still going to Amazon when they're inspired by a Tiktok video. That number is going down. Tiktok shopping cart is becoming more trusted. We have noticed better conversion rates on Tiktok than ever. I think the fact that shoppers are reordering and reordering and reordering, they're seeing that these products are coming in, and they're able to refund them if they don't like them. So, but, yeah, it's traditionally about a 40% spillover.

Speaker  756208:00
Okay, so a lot of a lot a lot of people in MDS have their, you know, they've got their hands full with Amazon and their website and whatever else is going on. So a lot of people are going to, are going to agencies. So some people say, you know, they're really crushing it with their agencies. And then a lot of people saying, Ian, it's not worked out with this agency or that agency. So what do you think? What kind of brands would you say, are generally going to be a good fit for an agency. And then how can a brand work for an agency like yours to maximize their chances of success?

Speaker  766122:40
I think most agencies are pretty much doing the same thing, just so you guys know, like most agencies are just basically either using a tap internal group that they've leveraged of affiliates, or they're building affiliates for your for your brand. There's not a lot of levers that are much different between agencies. No one has a magic button or magic bullet no matter what they say. So I would say the agency you choose is less important than making sure you have a product fit, because no agency is going to be successful if the product is very, very difficult to sell on Tiktok. And I know right now, I can tell you guys right now my success rate, our agency success rate with supplements on Tiktok is about 5% it's bad. Supplements are very, very hard, and the reason is because they're very they don't do well on camera. Okay, there's nothing exciting to show on camera. And the other reason is that Tiktok has made it so difficult with ft FDA regulations to say anything. So if your supplement you know helps with psoriasis or some skin condition, you can't even mention that. So that's just very hard. If you're not a supplement client, I have a lot more options for you. And what's good on Tiktok is What does well with demonstration the video, if the product is a movie star, it'll do well on Tiktok. And a movie star product is a product that that really quickly shows a before and after, identifies the problem shows the solution very, very quickly. It could be a gadget, it could be a hair towel. It can be skin skin cream that makes you look 10 years younger, but it has to show a quick before and after, or it has to be visually appealing, like a gift or a toy. Toys do awesome. My number one client right now as a toy, we're doing quarter of a million dollars a month with zero ad spend, zero ad spend. It's incredible. Every video is killing it, because it's a very fun toy, and it does well on Tiktok. So I think any agency could have gotten that result for them, if they would have just gone long enough, because the product is the star. That's what I'm trying to say. Like the agency is less important than the product, and we're smart. We do things right. I'm not. I'm not trying to say that we're, we're we're not good at what we do. But I don't take the credit. I think the product takes the credit. We also, here's a great example. We have this random gag towel, these little kitchen towels that have like, funny little sayings on it, and they're killing it. They're getting like, the best conversion rates I've ever seen on Tiktok, because it's q4 it's funny. It shows well on video, it's and it's a good price. So again, it makes my life easy as an agency when I have a winning product.

Speaker  811114:40
How important is it for products to be unique and to sort of stand out? Because I guess a lot a lot of people with Amazon, particularly people have been selling for a long time. Their products might be a little bit generic, but they've just kind of, they've nailed the price point. The products perform. They get good reviews. They've just managed to stay at the top. And I think is it right up for some of those products, they may not translate to Tiktok that well, or is it just you need to adjust the strategy?

Speaker  818400:00
I don't think the uniqueness is that important. I think if the product shows well on video, you're okay. Like that toy brand I was just mentioning that's doing 250 with no ad spend. Their product is a bath toy, and it lights up. That's it. It's a light up bath toy. Touches water you put in the bath. It lights up. There's, there's hundreds of other brands doing it, but they're the only ones that are doing 20 million views a month on tick tock. So they're the ones winning. But it's not the USP. Isn't that dramatic between them and their competitors?

Speaker  827221:20
Well, I'm happy to keep going here, guys. I got loads of questions, but we'd love to hear any of your questions, guys, so particularly, any Tiktok, any Tiktok experts got any questions, put them in the chat or raise your hands for us. Some of the videos that did the best for us were sort of like ASMR type videos. Sure they don't really, they don't really translate into sales. Are there a lot of categories like that where you can get millions of views, but they're just not going to translate into sales? And is that something that you want to go after, or you always trying to look about what's going to translate into sales?

Speaker  836928:00
Yeah, I'm not a big fan in those types of videos, because they take a lot of work, they get a lot of views. But you're right, they don't translate to sales. I have a great example of a teeth whitening brand that signed up with a content creating agency before they came aboard us, and that content creating agency was killing it with views, 15, 20 million views a month because their videos were funny as hell, but they weren't, literally, they weren't performing any sales like this. What we're talking 20 million views with like 15 G's and GMB was pathetic. So I guess do you guys really care about getting 20 million views with no sales? If you're not getting sales on Tiktok, you're not going to get sales on Amazon. So why? You know? Why is that important? Yeah, yeah, it's true. Jamie, you really need to have videos that. And I'll tell you what videos perform, what videos perform quickly identify a problem and a solution. That's it. And they and they focus on one feature, one problem, one solution. They don't talk about six different things that that product does. They don't even talk about two. They just focus on you have a you, you have a freaking growth on your neck. Put this on. Look what happens, growth, gone, done. That's what videos perform. Well, okay, yeah, so you can tell jokes, you can be beautiful, you can be wearing a bikini. All these things are cool, but they don't replace the fact that that product got rid of my growth.

Speaker  862122:40
ASMR, funny stuff, very good looking people will get views, but it won't translate to sales. Question from Ian, how do you feel about fashion products on Tiktok? The problem, I love it. Demonstration of women's tights are only viewed by

Speaker  866656:00
men who aren't buying. Guys are like, Oh yeah, that's hot. That's hilarious. I'm a big fan of clothing. I'm a big fan of clothing, and tights do very well on Tiktok. What, what you really need to do is just get the right affiliates to represent, represent the product, and unfortunately, in that category, because it's so saturated, you have to be offering a good deal, that's how you're going to get conversion. So what we do with clients that are in a in a highly competitive category, as we create a custom SKU, like we'll usually do, like a three pack or a BOGO SKU specific to Tiktok, to get people to buy so that at the end of the video, after the problem identification and the solution identification is done, they have a really good offer at the end. That's custom. That's like, here on Tiktok, there's an exclusive offer where you get two tights for the price of one, and maybe your price is a little bit, not quite a Bogo, but you can say that you can get away with that on Tiktok, and that's how I would improve the conversion rate for tights.

Speaker  884304:00
Our next question is from Chad, your brand's posting non salesy videos alongside their product videos. So I guess this question is about what, what does a brand want to be posting? So I guess a brand does want to be posting videos that are more direct trying to sell, as well as like other videos. What's, what's the kind of mix that you recommend?

Speaker  889925:20
So if a brand is going to post, I want them to post videos that are going to sell. But I want them to tell their story a little bit more, because it's the brand, so they can show the manufacturing process, show, you know, talk about why they created the brand. Maybe it was, you know, I had a child with a language delay, and here's why I created this. Like, give a little bit of like, like, your own story of what inspired you to create the product, and that's something you can do specifically as a brand owner. But don't forget that you have to sell the product. Don't forget you have to identify the problem and the solution, just like an affiliate would. But you can tell a little bit more of your story

Speaker  900336:00
while doing it. I've got another good one. Where do you think is the place for sort of AI generated content at the moment, and how effective is ai ai Generated Content performing against real human content?

Speaker  903173:20
I personally think it's still shit. We've, we've tested a lot of different AI services, and we've, we get, we get views, but we don't get sales. I think it'll change. It'll get better, but right now, I think it's shit.

Speaker  907450:40
So you're focused pretty much 100% on on real person content, basically 100% and if you know, if affiliates want to try to, like, producing AI stuff, they can, they can give it a shot, but you'd be focused on human content, yeah,

Speaker  912090:40
and we actually avoid affiliates that do that. So when affiliates do a sample request, we actually look at their profile, and if they have a bunch of AI content, we don't accept the sample. And, you know, we call those garbage accounts. You know, there's those junk accounts that do like, you know, they request, you know, 4000 samples a month. They have a warehouse that receives them, and they're literally just pumping out content wholesale. One out of 1000 are going to do well, so you're going to see a high GMV, but you need to go look at that GMB and identify what that GMB came from. And it likely came from one video out of 2000 or something like that, and the other videos were all garbage. So avoid those junk accounts, because they're they hit one in a million. The ones that I like are an average Joe or Jane who shows the video Well, follows instructions, does an 80% or higher post rate, and she made five or 10,000 even $2,500 GMB in the last 30 days, based on a real video that she that she performed it, that's usually a winning affiliate that I would go after. And then the whole strategy of how to find affiliates is like a whole nother world. But I think I don't want to digress too much into that, because it's a kind of a deep dive. But let me just make one call out. I'm a big fan of brands meets creators. It's we call BMC for short. Their prices are great, and they have great affiliates. Join brands is great too. Ian is a good buddy of mine. He has a great platform. You guys know it well, but if you run out of good affiliates on joint brands, go to brands, brands meet creators. It's a great platform, great pricing, and you can get video packages from affiliates, especially during that cold start when you're unable to get responses. We're getting videos for as little as 2530, bucks a piece from pretty decent affiliates with GMB on that platform.

Speaker  945984:00
Leo has also put comments saying, as AI is pretty much banned by Tiktok shop at the moment.

Speaker  947120:00
There you go. Yeah, it's probably, it's probably getting a shadow banned. It's crazy, guys, I mean is your guy's Instagram feed just loaded with these AI videos. It's freaking annoying.

Speaker  950517:20
Yeah, I also made the mistake of that I saw a funny one and I shared it, and I got a ton more like and they're really,

Speaker  953269:19
yeah, I It's annoying. It's actually really annoying for the average consumer.

Speaker  955365:20
Okay, so got a question about Tiktok business, so maybe explain what Tiktok business is for people like me who don't know what it is. But the question is, how hard is targeting that now, or is it more of a check the box? No, really not targeting.

Speaker  959002:40
Yeah, Tiktok Business is great. Full disclaimer, we have only two clients that we manage Tiktok business for, but we I like to see, I like the CPMs really, really nice CPM so cheaper than meta, but Tiktok business is basically meta, okay? It's basically uploading a video, choosing your demographic, telling people where to buy the product. You can drive traffic to your website. You can drive traffic to Amazon and tick tock business. It's not a shop, and it's basically meta with cheaper CPCs. I highly recommend it.

Speaker  968741:20
So, yeah, definitely, definitely do it. Awesome if

Speaker  969477:20
you're if you have a DTC presence right now and you're doing meta ads, dude, you've got to go throw that video into into business. I think you're going to be happy. If it performs well on meta, it should perform well in business.

Speaker  972650:40
So on the Amazon front, have you noticed anything changing in the way Amazon's working and what's working and what isn't working for launches at the moment? Or are you seeing it pretty much the same as earlier on in the year?

Speaker  975626:40
I'm seeing it's harder launching my own brand. Daniel and I were shocked how difficult it was to rank and how many days it took to rank. Indexing seems slower. Ranking seems slower. Campaigns should be done longer on Sellico. So if you're going to do a campaign, go 3040, 60 days. Because does anyone else agree with me that keyword indexing is just slow?

Speaker  982677:20
Yeah, so on my launches, I've got very few keywords, and we're on like, day seven or something, like we got very few keywords in in the top 100

Speaker  985237:20
Yeah, it's because there's just too much. It's too many products being launched. I think at the same time, there's already too many products positioned so it's like, you're like, elbowing your way into a position with so much competition that, yeah, it just takes more to rank than it ever did before.

Speaker  989738:40
Ian and I laughed when we were launching the Sellico coffee. We would go, you know, it took us launching our own brand to be resold on the power of Sellico, we were laughing.

Speaker  998549:20
The placements of anything else. It's an addition to and it's something that you can control, and you know is going to be there as a fundamental platform of what we can predict. Along with whatever else you do, are

Speaker  1002293:20
you getting more people who are coming to you in sort of week three of a launch, you didn't need to use anything like that before, and then we're just doing PPC only, and maybe an email to the list or something. And now, and now, I think now, saying they do need a bit more juice

Speaker  1006442:40
to a launch, choose to a launch. I mean, there's people that refuse to launch without a Sellico campaign. So I can speak to those. You might have different data on anyone else. But yeah, there's people, and it makes sense, just logically speaking, not just because I'm the Sellico guy, but when you really think about the mechanisms of how many boxes you can check during launch, what's what's important, traffic, sessions, conversions, natural searches, real shoppers, all of these things are crucial. So in my opinion, yes, there's people that will not launch without a Sellico campaign. And of course, we're doing a lot of other things, influencers, external traffic, the lists, emails, all that jazz, if any, if Ian has any other examples he can add on to that.

Speaker  1017749:20
Yeah, that's pretty much it. I mean, at the end of the day, the definition of a successful launch is, you, you have, you have equal or more organic sales, and you have PPC. The definition of a bad launch is, you're stuck on PPC at 80 90% and your organic indexing is so bad that you're barely getting sales on organic. So the whole thing that we can do to drive it, you know, drive your launch is increase your organic sales. So if we're not doing that, Sellico is not adding any value. So I would say that's a successful launch right now our coffee, our coffee is at 5050, so that's why I consider that a successful launch with Sellico, 50% organic, 50% PPC, and we're three and a half weeks in, so I'm happy with that number.

Speaker  1031061:20
Yeah, so Salomon is asking about the compliance risk with your tool. So I don't know if you joined, if you saw a bit where they demoed that, but you got that they said they didn't have any problems in the past. But obviously it's your business. It's your business, your choice. I think if you are, if you are going to do, if you are going to do rebates, then these guys have positioned it so that people, people are buying, they're not being given a keyword, they're being refunded, and then they're you can present it as maybe customer feed. You're trying to get customer feedback on the listing and the product from people.

Speaker  1040784:00
It's a real marketing Yes, it's

Speaker  1041392:00
your business is up to you, right? Yeah,

Speaker  1042016:00
I agree. I agree with that, Jamie. And once again, you know, you don't always have to do a rebate either. There is opportunity to do promotion codes. So it is. It has the ability to be a genuinely effective marketing campaign. You market a product for a percent off. People find it on their own. They answer questions before they purchase. To me, that's the most holistic way of anything ever done. In fact,

Speaker  1047205:20
when you take when you take the rebates out, then it is complete, then it is completely

Speaker  1048293:20
white, 100% and 100% Daniel's right. Rebates are sketchy. We make them as least sketchy as possible by making it tied to a marketing research program. But at the end of the day, does anyone here 100% trust Amazon? I mean, come on, does anyone here trust Amazon to you know, have due process for you. You know it's always you're guilty until proven innocent, right? So no, we have never had a problem with any of our customer campaigns and over 10,000 campaigns. But I'd like to always remind people that you could be the first that Amazon picks on tomorrow. I can't predict that, neither could you guys, but and but have we done everything in our power to make it as safe as possible? Yes, we absolutely have.

Speaker  1060800:00
In an ideal world, your prop, your product, would already be popular on tick tock or on other platforms, and then you wouldn't worry about it is, oh no,

Speaker  1062677:20
if you're going viral on tick tock somewhere

Speaker  1063189:20
else, you don't really need to worry if people are coming in and searching for your product as soon as you launch it. You don't need to worry about anything.

Speaker  1065477:20
Yeah. And the other thing that ties into this is people often say, what review eight? What review rate, if any? Can I expect off an Amazon campaign? And I say zero, and they go, Well, usually it's like one or 2% at least, I go negative. In fact, shoppers agree to not leave any reviews on any products that they get through our product portals. My point is, there is on the Amazon side zero, and I mean zero reviews left, which to us, we're not in that business. Never have been, never will be. But that obviously, is where a lot of people

Speaker  1073344:00
find compliance. Amazon is really hot on reviews rebate. Probably not so much

Speaker  1075135:59
well, because with reviews they have that they have the FTC breathing down their neck. It's actually a it's actually criminal to do a fake review on Amazon. So if you guys are, and this is crazy, if you guys are giving a product to your grandmother and rebating her and she writes her review without putting that disclaimer, which no one would do on Amazon, what you just did is illegal.

Speaker  1081173:20
Yeah, it's there's no wire from outside for Amazon there. All right, do you guys want to put up some links? If anyone wants to get in touch with you, or people want to try, maybe people want to try new services, but they don't have an account yet. What is it? What

Speaker  1085178:40
do people do? Yeah, I want sergio's demo link. Sergio. Sergio.

Speaker  1088602:40
I will share it down here,

Speaker  1089072:00
ready to take some calls at inconvenient times

Speaker  1089696:00
I have been packed for the past month and a half. Jamie, so we can add to it. Poppy, all right. I'm just gonna give the API, because the the QR code is in a different

Speaker  1094389:20
Well, Sergio loads that guys please open up the air table link. It's on the chat. Give us a score. Let us know what you thought of the call. It really helps me to make the best calls possible. So thanks for those of you guys that do fill that out, because it really helps me to plan the best calls, work out how to run them. So I do appreciate that. Here comes the link. There's a scheduled demo. Yeah? So, yeah, booking a demo. Otherwise, if you just go to the Sellico website and you put in the code, MDS, is that right? How does it work? Yeah.

Speaker  1103626:39
Sorry, Daniel, do you want to, do you want to? Do you want to take this

Speaker  1105057:04
one? So if you are not an active Sellico user, you can become one by going to app a pp.sellico.com, click Create an Account and select MDS seller that will give you and tag you automatically the 20% off. So that is your access to our portal, our universe, and where you can actually then go and select Services, app, atp.sellico.com, but obviously to get there is preferred through Sergio, because he can actually walk you through what you're going to be seeing. So Sergio is the preferred route. But if you just want to really jump ahead, then you can go to app.sellico.com to do that as well. Amazing.

Speaker  1116346:39
Thanks so much, guys. Oh, we got one more question. Is it worth trying? One problem, one solution, video on teeth whitening. Or what would you suggest for teeth whitening?

Speaker  1119610:40
Yeah, teeth whitening is tough. We have a we have a very large brand that we're managing, and it's been one of the harder accounts. And the reason is because guru Nanda destroyed Tiktok. So if you're, if you're in teeth whitening, and you're going to go for it, just realize that you owe all your heartache to Guru Nanda. The reason why I'm calling them out is because they're selling a teeth whitening package for $7 and you are not going to beat them, so be really good about it, know that, and take the videos that they're doing, be inspired by it, and see what you can do to have an offer that is compelling. If you have to add more products to it, like a bundle, you have to do something so that your offer is as good as Guru nanada, who is getting 100 million views a month. Sorry to scare you, but that's just the truth. With teeth whitening right now,

Speaker  1133322:40
just as they're selling on Amazon for $2.50 as well,

Speaker  1134282:40
that's wild,

Speaker  1135034:40
they have destroyed the market. Cool.

Speaker  1135946:40
All right, thanks, guys. Another great call. Anyone launching over q4 hope you do well. Hope everyone's q4 sales do great. Hope you guys are all crushing it on Tiktok as well. Catch you guys later on. Cheers, okay. Thanks everybody.

Speaker  1138992:00
Thank you. Everybody. Bye, bye.
