Daniel Meredith
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1360:00
So little about me as against I've been member since 2017

Speaker  2592:00
my core values, God, family, community. In that order, I started in E commerce, long time ago. In 1997 there was a site called classifieds. 2000 started selling there, if you ever want some old throwback stories Brian Williams was on that was called egghead. Used to mail like an actual catalog. For those that are young, that's paper. It's made from trees. They would mail it to you. You know that's you buy stuff. And so that was one of the first businesses that I started. It's already been 1999 Amazon in 2004 and Walmart by 2016 pointing out this little this is the Myers Briggs. Just 51% introverted, 49 extroverted. So what I've never been able to figure out is I can't tell if I'm actually introverted or really I'm an extrovert. I'm just really bad at it. So it's somewhere in there before leaving off this slide. This right here is the six working geniuses. I wanted to add this value. Add to this if you haven't done the six working geniuses, it is something that my team loved. It totally revolutioned Everything. It was important for me also to understand where my strengths and weaknesses frustrations are. By Patrick Lencioni, so you were at like death by meeting dysfunctions of a team, you know, all those sort of things. Shout out to Brian. He's the one who had given this term rondo. But it's really, I found a lot of value in this. So if you only take one thing away six working geniuses on the team, it's so valuable, we actually include it on our hired Bell. So it's a great type of advertisement we all like, I don't know if you remember commercials, those things in between TV shows that let you go use the restroom. Most of them are gone now, but imagine a great, nice commercial app, great on Amazon. You want to be your own boss. However, even with those, there's always a catch. Right kind of like selling on Amazon is not suitable for all sellers. Please read the full prescribing information, contradictions, fee structure before listing your first product by using Amazon Seller sentry volunteer to surrender to the whims algorithms, policy changes, corporate dictates, foreign government oversight changes triggered by nightmare solicitations or marketless managers. Side effects may include heart palpitations or each quitting sleep and decides unexplained account terminations, mysterious FBA shrinkage, fee induced financial anemia and emotional dependence on seller. Support responses, it may or may not be drafted comprehensible language. Make sure you consult your doctor see if selling on Amazon is right for you. So that's our commercial break, all right. Disclaimer, not attorney. It's not legal advice, not an accountant. This isn't financial advice, not a doctor. So it's not medical advice, not a therapist. It's definitely not mental health advice, not a guru. This is not fidget spinner advice. So having done this a long time, kind of worked with my team to figure out what really is it that has changed from before to now? We kind of came down and figured it kind of breaks into these three things. So back then, you just had to win by showing up. If you had a listing which was a title, description would have been extra work, so it was just the title that was it. That's all you had to do. A lot of marketplaces were that way for a long time. Amazon was that way for a long time. Where we're at now is you win by winning. So you know, great creative, great listing, great search, things like that, where we're headed to we believe is you win by not losing. So I kind of covered more details on what that means, but those are kind of the three major sections we're kind of, kind of, kind of through. So great example is, and believe it or not, in the early days, people would mail you cash or money order. Some people wanted to do a check, so you would hold the check for 21 days till it cleared. Because, you know, it's a long time ago, and so there were no fees like classifieds, 2000 didn't charge a fee when Amazon started. I'll show you kind of some profit later breakdown fees. There really were very low fees or commissions, flat rate, shipping, $3.20 things like that. The listings were mostly text based, you know, things like that. There was no advertising. That's what you pay the 15% marketplace commission for. That's their job, right? To bring customers and advertise. That's kind of how it was. However, one of the catches of a fulfillment was up to you, so that was really one of the hurdles in the early days, is there really wasn't a logistics sort so here we are now. In preparing this, we are able to find over 200 separate Amazon fees should be charged. So in aggregating the data was very, very challenging. However, you know, and part of the post office subsidy deals and things like that, it's now over $10 it's one of the silver linings of using Amazon FBA, is that, with rare exception, it's almost impossible to distribute to the customer to the fulfillment yourself. So even though the fees are, you know, stacking and growing a lot of it's still more expensive. If you're doing your own fulfillment, just kind of depending on the cartoons like that, again, where we're at, you got to have perfect SEO. Great title, great bullet points. Obviously, Amazon just changed the way they do that. Beautiful image stack. Great video content, of course, all the different advertisings and so forth. So good. So here's kind of where we see moving on to you have new fees, fines, surcharges, services. You have higher tariffs, higher taxes. We're obviously already seeing higher interest rates for a little while. Now. You're gonna have longer lead times. It means your carrying costs are gonna be higher. You know, we all went through q4 saw these 60 plus day FBA receiving times. So until they work through that, you're going to see that you've got a W, D, a GL delays. As as you start to do that, you're going to have to carry more and more inventory that you can't touch because it's in motion. So, you know, kind of a lot more higher carrying costs, things like that. One want to touch on this for a second. Is Amazon AI product prediction and selection. There have been kind of some good mogul calls on this. This, we find, is very important. You have to know what Amazon AI thinks your product is. The last thing you really want to do is be a tire showing up in socks, because it misunderstands what you are. Especially we're in hardware, electronics, and so it definitely struggles with that. One of the tips there is, back end attributes are hugely valuable. If you can load up the back end attributes on a flat file using your valid values, that will really narrow it down. Little value add there is, we see about 25 50% lift on a lot of our sales just by doing that. So there's a lot of value in telling Amazon directly the technical details your product, and you'll start to see those in a lot of listings. Now, anyway, the more information the technical things like that, obviously we're going to use AI generated creative in more places. One of the reasons a lot of us switching over is there's a lot more places that you have to have your ads. You know, used to be able to take one or two creatives put it up, but with Amazon introducing so many more ad placements, you're gonna have to create tons and tons of creative so utilizing AI is gonna be even more important, just for cost savings, because you got to come up with 100 and 150 creatives by the end of the month, so you can create those ads. So that'll be really important for us. More ad placements, Tiktok, influencer traffic. And this is less of an Amazon thing, more of economics, 101202, the larger an industry grows and the more mature it becomes, simply, the more you have to do. And a lot of it has to as it swallows up, you know, other industries, you have to do everything they did to, you know, so it was just a listing marketplace. You had to do that. When they swallowed up logistics, they had to take care of that eventually, you know, as a lot of these companies get into manufacturing, you'll have to, you know, negotiate with them, meaning the larger e commerce gets, the more everything else that eats up. You have to get good at that too, like sales tax, a great example, once it got large enough, now you had to kind of figure out the sales tax mentioned. Amazon took care of that. And I want to point out on these things, like the AGL, AWD, they call it remote fulfillment. Used to be the North America remote fulfillment. Now I think it's FBA remote fulfillment. These are programs Amazon is going to want you to do. It's going to make their things easier, make them more profit. So the sooner we just kind of accept that and kind of start designing, okay, launching forward. Does it fit into these programs they want us to

Speaker  139722:40
use the easier things are good.

Speaker  140714:40
So that's kind of where we've got

Speaker  143034:40
how to be profitable. So I'm

Speaker  143786:40
going to kind of give some step by step on here. It's easy, right? Simple. It's not always easy, but it can be. It's really only three things you can do. One is make more, right? Two is spend less, and three is plan ahead. The reason we put the plan ahead in there is, you have to see it coming, right? It's very challenging too, but, but you have to see it coming. That's how you're going to save a lot of the money things like that. Making more. It's improving and growing. Always be launching is a great example. Always be improving. Stellar. Brian. Kiss is great. Always win search, right? It's great term. Spend Less is to cut and reduce, and that's kind of something that we do annually. We review everything and cut and then plan ahead to look forward, all right, so make more.

Speaker  158986:40
So first one is improve your listing. I.

Speaker  160000:00
A couple of the tools we use a lot that we found very effective is the search query performance report and then product opportunity explore something that we find even in our own catalog, and helping others. It's amazing to us how many times the keywords you think are perfect have nothing to do with what you're top ranked on, and just moving that forward, we found that a lot of times, our impressions don't necessarily get better, but the click through is way better, and the conversion is way better, because whatever that search term that customer is using, by just moving that to the front of our title, again, the traffic same, because the a nine Amazon already knows what it is, but convincing the customer. Hey, look, this is exactly word for word what you just typed in. Now, some of the Rufus and other AI they're doing will do that for us, but in the meantime, we found them pretty big. Kat reiterated a perfect listing. It's become highly competitive, and AI is getting really good, like, really good, and this is still early. So imagine where would be a year or five from now. Like you have just got to be stellar, stellar creative. It's got to be very convincing. We're already seeing a lot of major brands go to factual again. I think some of that has to do with the AI teaching it, but a lot of it is the more details, technical specs, factual you get in there. We're seeing a lot higher ranking, lot higher conversion. Second one is, never run out of stock. Like, I can't stress this one enough. One of the advantage we have having done it so long, is we have always tracked our stock level and add like, How many can you add to cart right now? So we've always tracked that. And I can tell you for sure, never be less than 60 days. Like, if I can go to your listing and add to cart, I need to be able to add 60 days. So some of them, 3040, no, it's 60 days. So if you could be 90, even better. But there's a hard cutoff at 60. A lot of it has to do with with the one day styles, things like that. The advantages we've also had a lot of different brands over the years, a lot of different you know, we've got wholesale and arbitrage and liquidations, other things and private label. There's a lot of data to back, and it varies a little bit depending on the product and how much of the market you dominate. But 60 days in q4 we always ramp to 90 to 120 and it saved us this last q4 because we just know, after so many years, Amazon q4 it's 30 or 60 days before, before, once you send it out, before it's going to be Add to Cart. And what we find is the impressions and marketing don't necessarily change, but our conversion drops. And so anytime we drop below that, especially 30 is our floor. And that number is a little more challenging depending on how many units you stock and the type of product and your competitors. But we call it our floor is our new ceiling. So you know, if we drop to like, we drop below 30 days, we can only sell 100 units a day. Type of an item that's our new ceiling. And a lot of that has to do. And to clarify, that's different than a complete stock out. So we find that when we go to zero, you kind of like, holds your ranking position until you restock. But when you dip below and you start to lose that one day, what we find is conversion starts to go down because they're looking at your listing. Might be two days, three days, four days. Got a little worse when we started using AWD more aggressive, because they're like, oh, we'll send this to you in three weeks. But the customer doesn't want that. They want it the next day. And of course, your listings plastered with ads all over it, with a lot of your competitors or alternative products, they're available one day. So what we found is when we dropped below 30 days, the conversion goes down. It has so much harder to recover from impressions. You can give back PVC, but conversion is really challenging to convince the nine that you're actually the better product, do better things like that. So 30 is our floor, for sure, but 60 we don't. We don't remember that, and it clarifies inbound. FBA is the bottleneck. This goes from, I can't remember the author's name, but the book's called The Goal. It's great book if anyone actually has warehouse and logistics. It's a great book on seeing the bottleneck, and the idea behind it is past the bottleneck. So let's say Amazon could only receive a million units a day, like that was their limited FBA, well, we could send them 100 million, right? Doesn't matter if they can only get 1 million through their bottleneck a day, and every dime spent after that still doesn't matter, because you can't grow past their bottleneck. So understanding, recognizing that one of the tactics we've been real successful with is by September, we're stocked through December, because that gets so rough, so bad, and our storage fees jumped by about 5% of revenue. But the alternative is spending more on sale, on storage, or just not selling money. Like, raise the heads here. Shop however you want, who couldn't keep their stock perfect during q4 last year because of the delays in receiving and so imagine how much that cost you, not in actual literal sales, but in your momentum, and also knowing that all your competitors couldn't do it either, because it was a system wide. Yeah, I was the entire all FBA flowing through. And so your competitors, if they hit over stock tax down there intentionally, they collected your sales, and now they got your conversion in your flywheel, their flywheel slot faster. So as we talk about cutting in a bit, it's very important to make sure you're cutting the right items. And my recommendation is, Do not cut back on the storage now, long term storage fees, like 183 65 there's probably a little too much to store that much, but make sure you're not cutting back there and recognizing that we can't do anything about it. Right? Amazon's got to fix it. Obviously, no, we can't do anything about that bottleneck. So you have to get your inventory to the other side of it, knowing that you can still sell through.

Speaker  251269:20
Raise your prices.

Speaker  251946:39
We find, especially when we're doing wholesale and arbitrage, it's amazing how much more you can charge for things we didn't intentionally go to do this, and we've done across 1000s products over the years. Our one of our strategies when we're killing a product line is we raise prices to try and slow it down, increase revenue, things like that. And we're still amazed at how much more customers pay because they think the product is better for a buck or two more. And kind of think in your own mind, last time you bought something on Amazon, there's the stuff where you just want the cheap crap, right? You probably went to Walmart for that, right? But kind of think about like a pen, you know, a lot of consumables, vitamins. Last time you got vitamin D or anything, did you get the cheapest crap on there? Or did you spend $1 more? It's probably made the same replace, right? Batteries is kind of my go to example on here. Do you really buy the store brand batteries or the Dollar Store batteries, right? So you're either gonna buy Energizer Duracell or slightly less than that, you might buy like Kirkland signatures brand or something like that. But there are just a lot of products where customers are going to pay a little bit more, even though it's the same exact time. You know, Kirkland signatures is made by Duracell, right? So a lot of people, nice, Costco makes a ton of money on Duracell, even though it's the same battery, just different wrapper. So there's, there's a lot of value in just charging a little bit more. And we've seen a lot of them, and just good little example there

Speaker  273759:59
the difference between $20

Speaker  274528:00
$23 some of the fees go up with it, a lot don't, and you just make so much more. And if you're like me, I'm super scared to mess with my pricing. Like we have some products that were like, the same price for like, 15 years before COVID, and then we just had to raise prices, and then they sold faster, which was not what we were hoping for. But I'll take the profit where I can get it, and it is just amazing to us, over and over and over. And all the data sets we look at how many times prices go up, a lot of times, it's accidental things like that, and they just sell more. And a lot of the value there is conversion goes up customer perception anyway. So don't be afraid to message prices, because the alternative, depending on where you're at on your P and L, is data business, right? So be willing to change a product. A lot of testing over the years, what we found is that we focus on the four star reviews, and especially, we've all read that one star review, you know, like, you know, you sell them a TV and they're ranting and raving about how awful the socks were. You're like, you know, how this thing works, you know, or they leave a one star and they're like, ah, best product in the world. And what we find is that it's really challenging to make one star customers happy. And even when we reach out. You do customer service, you might get a second star, maybe, maybe three, if you really work. But from four to five, they're usually, usually tiny stuff. Man, I wish there was an insert that told me, or photo that showed me how to install it. Or this sentence was really confusing, and I didn't understand it. The four stars, we find massive value in that, because they're usually really easy fixes, you know, and so grab a scraping tool, anything like that. Just go read your four star reviews. You'd be amazed how much feedback you get there. And it's just simple stuff. And getting a handful of one star customers to five when you when you figure out Amazon's review algorithm, but you get a ton of four stars up to five. And since it's a rolling average, we find that if you can make four star customers happy, and it's like, you'll be amazed how easy it is when you go your review average jumps a lot quicker, because the one stars are never gonna be five. I mean, when you read them, you're like, like, Okay, I'm not gonna be a bar of gold with every remote control, right? Just and then you might be three stars, but four to five is really easy, lots of ranking improvement, better, conversion, better. Click through. We're finding a lot of value there. So this is kind of more of a team coaching thing. When we go through in constant improvement, I found it really kind of motivates the team. Know them. Look, we're watching. We care about the product, we care about the customer. We do want this to be better. And I am paying attention to work. Everyone's paying attention to work. And so just as a side thing, we've found good value there, and then expanding products marketplace. So we all know this would always be launching, uh. Yeah. So always, always. And then Amazon Canada, so kind of a little tactic there. We've had really good success in Canada over the years. Charge more. It costs you a lot more. You've got HST, GST, PST, you've got all these additional tariffs, taxes before this whole thing started, before this newborn started. And the alternative is they can't get your product. So they're gonna be happy that they can get it 123, days from Amazon anyway, but if they have to import it themselves, it's a fortune, and shipping is a lot. So one of the things we do is we take our US price, we double it, and that's our Canadian price. When you figure the exchange is like 40, 50% markup before all of our vat taxes. I mean, it is a VAT tax, but they call it HST. It's like, I just wondered, so does anyone here live in Canada? Do Is that kind of what like? I'm wondering kind of what like either can't get it right. So paying a little bit more on an Amazon Marketplace versus buying at stateside, and probably pay a lot in getting it there and shipping things like that, right? So that's what we found, is that we do really well on Canada, and I've kind of encouraged quite a few sellers in MDS over the years to go, and you're not gonna make a ton of money on it. It's around 10 to 20% of our sales came from here, but it's highly profitable, and you're serving the customers, and someone's drop shipping your stuff in Canada anyway. And so the reviews, that's why we originally started, was we were getting negative reviews on our Canada listings and when we weren't offering there. So we started offering in Canada. I saw that. So that's it's low hanging fruit, eBay, using multi channel fulfillment, Walmart, like there's simple apps that do this. I'm pretty surprised about how many people still buy from eBay. And then, of course, Walmart and Walmart for fulfillment services. And some of the reasons we do this is to control our branding, control our messaging. And what we found with eBay and Wal Mart is when we launch our products there. We actually do get boost back on Amazon. So and again, it's incremental improvement, and that's kind of where we are as an industry. So we got to focus on those incrementals and that are profitable. So I did want to point one thing out with pricing and stock on this example, in economics, Amazon is unique in that in a lot of business models and finance models, you invest a lot of money to get it back. And we all do that. We invest a lot for our return investment, but when you break down Amazon's fees, most of it's at the end. Now they're high. Some of a lot of the panels we're looking at were 100% with averaging around 77 which looks like a big number, but it came to 76 point something, but it's at the end, meaning you didn't actually have to put that cash in. Like PPC is a great example, fulfillment, seat fees, the Commission on top, you never had to invest that cash. Most of your cast cash investment is during launching or an inventory, and so you have an opportunity to make a lot more money profit at the end of the day, because you don't actually have to invest that cash up front for those fees. How does that make sense? I guess. All right, so you can make more or you can spend less. There's something I tell my team a lot, the only thing worse than cutting is cutting the wrong thing. So be very important. And the example I always use on this is storage fees. Like you gotta be careful with cutting back and being too efficient, knowing that you gotta get it to this type of thing. We have a couple hard and fast rules for our team. So if it doesn't make you money or save time, is worth it. So our number is two and 10 if you're going to spend the money, I need 10 times revenue back, because I just, I know I bought a margin. So here and then I uh, or if it's gonna it's gonna save you just have to save 2x so reducing Amazon fees at every level. So I'll kind of show you that in just a minute on kind of how to get those down. Product smaller. I can't hash this enough is that a lot of the fee changes when we calculate them out. Is just tiny millimeter changes because so many fees are based off the size. The other one is AWD. If you're not doing AWD, it's definitely not for everybody, and it has a lot of glitches. But they for storage, they charge for case size. So a lot of times, if you look at your dimensional size on a product, it's much larger, but when you cram all the new case, it's smaller. And although you can put more than 150 in, it doesn't work well, so I don't recommend it. But you can imagine 150 of a lot of your units, in a case, and you can get that through the AWD around three, $4 compare that to your inbound placement fees. So we're seeing a lot of savings here. Also reduce returns, and then economic of scale. So there's a lot of what we'll do is we'll launch variations so that we fill up a full. Container, because even at a break, even now, the entire shipment is

Speaker  400800:00
cheaper. So there's just a lot of those things like

Speaker  401872:00
that. So this is the three areas where you can cut. One is your cost of goods in the factory, things like that. And I won't add a little caution here, with the tariffs and everything like that, it's definitely be a little more challenging. But this is generally in every PNL reviewed for people. This is usually the smallest cost. So focusing on getting the factory like one, 2% cheaper, 5% cheaper, and if they're going to cut quality somewhere, my recommendation is to be very careful in it Amazon fees. Show the comprehensive list. We've used a lot of apps over the years. I can share later, if you'd like offline. There's a system I built, but sellerize, seller board at Amazon is the only and pulling two reports from seller eyes, one from seller board, one from Amazon, that allows you the comprehensive list, because very challenging to actually figure out by skew what you do so and then overhead, and you're real overhead. And what we do is, if you spend, like, 1,000,005 on overhead, just divide that up by your unit sold. So now you know how much of that went to every unit you sold. So like example, if you add a million, nice round number, and you sold 100,000 units, well, $10 of every unit you sell went right overhead. So you have to make sure you're adding that cost a lot of times. By time I view someone's financials, they've actually been running a loss for a couple years, and did not because they're cash flow positive, but they actually were running at a loss. So this is 21 years ago. I just love this example. So the buyer bought it for $4 Amazon paid us $1.84 to ship it, and then we earned 425, then we decided to upgrade to pro camp. So they pay us $5.25 It was great. So that was Duffy. It was Amazon commission. That was it. So here's where we are today, and this is aggregate of quite a few P and L's like say comes 76.8% of all revenue goes right to Amazon. It's different for every category. Different for everything their base base is around a 15% commission and then 20% for the FBA fees, and we're putting PPC at about 12% tacos all in with all the deals. That's kind of what the average I'm seeing across the industry and the inbound fees is really where you have a little bit of wiggle room. This is where you can try to balance your AWD. And again, economics scale, full truck loads are actually cheaper a lot of times than an LTL, and receiving time is usually cheaper because it doesn't end up in a UPS transfer warehouse anymore. So this is kind of one of the few areas where you can really be aggressive on the storage finds fees. A lot of people are really over optimized that, and we're still only seeing an average 3% so if you'd wipe out your entire storage fees by keeping stock things like that, we're not seeing a ton of movement. It's very impactful. You see those 1000s, 10s of 1000s, hundreds of 1000s, but everything else in millions. So be very careful. My recommendation, when your balance is out returns is huge, especially with their new atoms they've got. Now it's not just you refunded the customer 100% of the purchase, but tons of fees. You don't get your fulfillment on the way back. You get some refunds from Amazon, but now that they have the new returns, processing fee, surcharge, whatever. So this is one of the areas where it's really easy, because these are profit numbers, right? So if you think your revenue at 10 million, right? If you could shave 10% off of these just by pulling one or two, that's a million dollars in your pocket. These aren't revenue. These are actual out of pocket. So it's very easy when you cut an expense like these, it's right to your pocket. Cutting cogs a little bit of your factory, you save a little bit eventually, but this is really big here, and then avoiding all of their other fines is really big, so plan ahead.

Speaker  462154:40
So where are your risk centers? I always

Speaker  463274:40
like to remind people we took ourselves from someone can take them from us, especially if, if you take 12 months become profitable on a giveaway, and someone else now wants to give away the same thing, and everyone's just giving it away eventually. So be very careful about you know you're not careful. Just pay attention to who your competitors are, where they're doing things like that, pivoting like, say we pivoted a lot. So is your strategy? Your team? Are they going to work in five years? 10 years? That definitely makes sellable. There's something I like to remind me who's on your side. So what I find is, if you win and they win, okay, but if you lose and they don't lose, or worse, they win. They're probably not on your side 100% it's like Amazon, they win when we lose, like the worse my operations team flows out inventory, the more money they make. So are they going to back me 100% in sport? Government tariffs? They're worried about international crap. The. If they don't care that they just effed over all of us to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars. Oh, we're gonna charge time try to tariffs. Oh, we're paying terrorists, right? Regulators, the only one I find on here is MDS. MDS wins when we win. We all win together, and we lose when we lose.

Speaker  484960:00
So I take advice from MDs, and

Speaker  485840:00
I value the relationship. I'm gonna take mice, or most the other people here paying attention Amazon's plans. What are they rolling out? AGL, again, they're trying to get that big AWD, you can go along, or you'd be forced to go along. But that's something to always kind of watch. What are they gonna do? And then Now where's e commerce going? Zone, yep. So we have this bonus slide. We worked on this for just a little bit. So this is, this is outside, but the idea is of not selling your business where your best option. And so I've kind of checked this with a few different people and purpose thing, you know, kind of see how it works. But we've done this couple times, recommended for a few people. We it, so I'll kind of cover it briefly. The idea is that if you sell your business, you're going to get a multiple right, right now they're kind of low. The alternative is a wind down, because there's only a couple of times you get your money back in an inventory based business, a product based business, when you sell right cash out, or when you wind down, or kind of too popular, and the breakdown ends up being, if you just run your company, stop investing and growth. Stop that. Just focus, hyper focus. Half your expenses go away, which you need to do anyway, right? We all need a clean house. Things like that. I don't how many Apple or Google subscriptions you've got on your phone and things like that. They just kind of pile up over years. It's a great example of just cutting but in kind of a several analysis we ran, it's amazing how much more you make just running it for a couple years. But what we found is that when people do it, they actually just pause for a little bit, regroup, lots of profit, lots of cash, and then keep going again, kind of mentally, it jump starts you kind of frees up your time and energy. So this is just kind of a little little line on there. So, all right, and that's just

Speaker  521253:20
one last thought in there, someone on your team loves this, right? It's finances, numbers. It's either really exciting to like, one in every million people. Sorry about that. Everyone is boring. Against finances. It's numbers, it's Kat someone on your team loves this. If not, please get someone go to them. They're gonna come up with those stuff. They're gonna remove a lot of the emotion like so that's kind of the recommendation I have, is find that person who loves digging through numbers, and they're not filled. There,

Speaker  529072:00
all right questions, yes, either. In fact,

Speaker  532096:00
yeah, so that's a great question. Is, what? What headwinds? What are coming? Amazon, really kind of

Speaker  534405:20
shit the bad I mean, that's q4 was

Speaker  535077:20
a disaster for a lot of companies, and I think they saw it AWD, struggle, the FBA, things like that. And so they'll have to recover. And I did have a slide here, and kind of took out, there's a strong correlation between Amazon's bad financials and our new fees, right? And so if you look at like their their net operating loss that they ran a couple years ago, and then 2024, is giant fee set, there's a strong correlation. So a lot of what I do is I review their piano and kind of look at it and figure out, where are they going to try and increase it next, it's, for me, it's a scene where they're doing profit centers are down a little bit right now. It's a little tough, because they're down everywhere. But my guess would be, our a lot of the discounts for AWD or FBA will probably start down back. The good news is, they made so much money from 2024 that they look pretty good on paper. And so the whole economy is going to start sliding. We're already seeing that in the market. But my thing would be, is that I think the next little bit we might be a little bit safe just in micro increments marketing. It looks like they're trying to pad their Qpc side of it, but maybe about 912 months would be my guess, depending on how the financials look. For 25 to worse, they can really go aggressive on these again,

Speaker  554293:20
yeah, I thought you heard initially the premium support model. I mean, that's all that that's coming Okay? So you're gonna have, just like you have Shopify Plus Shopify. We're gonna have Amazon, standard, Amazon plus. That's what I got out of that presentation yesterday. So if they want to pump in more fees, Oh, you want to, you want to actually talk to somebody. Investor support, Pay By Phone, call, number of minutes on phone, or you can do a subscription plan that's going to be $90 a month. And then we're going to start charging more money for prime time to deliver your products with q4 we're going to, you know, they already experiment over that. So to your point, there's lots of ways that they're gonna, what about add value to the

Speaker  566773:20
premium partnership that we agree 100%

Speaker  567733:20
one of the, one of the things I like to do is they all who fills out the surveys, when they email them to you, these take 510, minutes out, you might get $100 that was something I love to fill them out for one or one, reason, I want to know what they're thinking, and they're very explicit in their questions. So for example, one of the surveys we just filled out, I filled out the other day was talking about a premium offering. How much would you be willing to pay if we could actually give you everything we promised we'd give you already that you're paying for, right? And so you kind of look at these and they're fantastic. And so that's something huge. Insight is, if you fill them out, there's a lot of data. You see what each team is thinking, because each team senses that individually, the more you respond to, the more you get. You get a really good idea of where they're going, obviously, the

Speaker  580320:00
first couple minutes, but owning your own real estate, sort of warehouse versus third party through piano around you run these numbers over the course of years. That's

Speaker  584693:20
a great question. So for us, we do we have a 20,000 square foot we're leasing. We don't know. We got rid of that couple years back for real estate, there's a whole thing, right? Buy land. It's the only thing they're not making more of, you know. So personally, I like to invest in that sort of thing. As far as operationally, we spend a ton, you know. So each year, it's at least 10% of our P and L is having a warehouse. However, removal orders are cheap. AWD, getting in, we can trickle in one unit, 1000 units, millions. It doesn't matter. We have full control over it. And so the tough part with it is getting the right size warehouse, because we want to scale. We want to grow. I mean, everybody does right, and knowing that space, and as soon as you grow, you got to move. For us, we've done it a lot, because we still run an arbitrage and liquidation and a wholesale side, and then our private label. So for us, I couldn't see it without but also have a place to go, warehouse things like that, and then it creates the local jobs we want. But I've seen a lot of people's numbers, and I don't think it would work. I think the margin is too small. Storing overseas and using EWD, you'll save a ton of money that way, using three, pls, independent, those numbers are top because they're competing against Amazon. Amazon invested a trillion dollars plus already, right? So they can keep numbers low.

Speaker  607066:40
Any other questions? So much i
