MDS Advisory Council Monthly meeting
Date: August 06, 2025

Speaker  2192:00
Hey, Fabio, how are you?

Speaker  3456:00
I'm good. How are you?

Speaker  4031:59
I'm good too. How's pain?

Speaker  5072:00
So far so good. A lot of things going on, but identities, yeah,

Speaker  6613:20
no, it was Alex. But hey,

Speaker  10693:20
everybody, good

Speaker  10986:40
afternoon. I know got

Speaker  11658:40
a lot of people on the move.

Speaker  13882:40
Good let's see, are we missing anyone I know, Tracy is traveling with her family, so she's not going to make it to today's call.

Speaker  18016:00
I really like Tracy's presence and feedback. Yeah,

Speaker  18944:00
me too. She told me that we can send her any questions afterwards, and she can or even the recording, she can pitch in,

Speaker  22053:20
but Brian is not joining anymore.

Speaker  23125:20
Brian Williams, yes,

Speaker  23701:20
yeah, mainly bill and is going to run the council. So we're kind of, Brian has a lot of calls right now. You're doing with all the new members, and we're trying to focus him more on the new member stuff. Okay,

Speaker  28730:40
okay,

Speaker  29274:40
we're saying, like, if he's too busy, it's a lot all the calls I'll see

Speaker  31242:40
missing a 10, E Lee, I guess.

Speaker  33728:00
How did the SEO call go? Alex,

Speaker  34960:00
it was okay,

Speaker  35504:00
decent turnout.

Speaker  36352:00
Yeah, we had, what, 20 people,

Speaker  37088:00
five or something like that. Yeah, that's

Speaker  37573:20
good. That's good,

Speaker  37797:20
that's good. They are, like, one of them, consistent,

Speaker  39189:20
yeah. And right now, in the end, I think there were still like 15 of them. So it's yeah,

Speaker  41093:20
it's there. You know how to keep a crowd entertained.

Speaker  43029:20
It's something about his presence, because he makes it very clear that he's not presenting or anything. I

Speaker  44762:40
know

Speaker  44970:40
how well things are going with Alex when he started smoking again.

Speaker  47290:40
Okay, let's get started. I might ping at the end. First, just a sec, he added an issue and everything, so he should be here

Speaker  53808:00
for a something happened with my keyboard, and it's not working, So I am going to be back up here.

Speaker  59397:19
Oh, okay, so everyone has, everyone filled out this tag. I know we're missing a couple, but I want to, don't want to name names yet.

Speaker  64010:40
What tag, what, sorry.

Speaker  65664:00
Oh, okay, I got it. I can see it now.

Speaker  66976:00
Okay, so welcome everyone again, some personal or business things. Let's start with Alex Hugh.

Speaker  69504:00
Ah, I had a very nice jet ski run, not yesterday, on Monday with my kid, we snorkeled all day.

Speaker  72613:20
Sounds amazing. Um, Alex, yeah,

Speaker  73957:19
yeah, just a great weekend. This past weekend with the family, we found a new bike path, like a 16 mile path from Providence, Rhode Island, Bristol, Rhode Island, and all four of us went we get lunch, coffee, found a playground. It was just a good, good New England weekend. The weather was nice, so feeling, feeling refreshed and energized from that

Speaker  80106:39
amazing Anita went to a beautiful beach in Greece. Today. I'm so envious of all your summer plans. It's freezing. I have been training handstands again. I'm very excited about that. I can almost always stay upside down and assist it for about 10 to 15 seconds, hoping to get better. Brian, I think is not here, but do

Speaker  88677:20
that at the next event.

Speaker  89477:20
Belen, we need a video that for the next council meeting.

Speaker  90837:19
I'll see I'm shy. My balance is shy. Brian is excited, energy and inspiration to Milan Courtney. I am heads down and Milan planning,

Speaker  95818:39
yes,

Speaker  96223:59
I imagine Eugene,

Speaker  96976:00
I am doing fatherhood with two kids in the Miami summer, not the easiest, but it's still great.

Speaker  99600:00
Your Kids been really nice, like sweet showing up to meetings. Yeah. Oh, you're muted. Tim,

Speaker  103205:19
sorry. I'm off to the mountains tomorrow with the family for hiking. Loving. It

Speaker  104565:20
nice. Where

Speaker  105093:20
in the Alps? Oh, nice, beautiful. Um, Fabio,

Speaker  107274:39
yeah, I signed a contract for my new apartment in Madrid. It was a long process, but two days ago, we moved in in the new apartment.

Speaker  109434:39
Good, that's exciting. Um, Franky, I don't know if he's here today, but he's going to super zoo next week to do some I don't know what RMD is on pet brand. Excited formula.

Speaker  113471:59
Ian, yeah, having a good summer, took took my kids ocean fishing. We caught 10 fish. So that was a checkbox for the summer. And went to Croatian Italy with them for, well, actually without them, for 20 days. That was pretty amazing. And now I'm with them at a restaurant, so hopefully they'll

Speaker  119157:19
be hazed fish is good for the kids. Amazing. Jacob, yep,

Speaker  120437:19
finished up a nice garage project. Took a couple months getting new garage doors all epoxy, had a sauna put in, got a home gym. Like, very excited about

Speaker  123338:39
it. Wow, wow, that sounds amazing.

Speaker  124794:40
Yeah, all jacked. Yep,

Speaker  125802:39
I got two car garage, garage.

Speaker  126618:39
I mean, it's like a four car garage, so I still got plenty of room in there, you know. But, yeah, sorry, yeah.

Speaker  130783:59
Me, I just jumped in. I know I'm highlighted. I have, like, so much going on. I launched my new brand, which has been a lot and, like, just launched on Amazon. I have new clients. I've hired new people. I have kids traveling very tired, just constantly. I'm just always tired no matter how many hours I sleep.

Speaker  136885:20
I saw your video today on Instagram. Very good.

Speaker  138117:20
Thank you. Appreciate it. It's embarrassing.

Speaker  139450:40
That's fantastic. You did very well. I know.

Speaker  140778:40
Yeah, coffee, tap your focus. Let me back.

Speaker  142618:40
It's more than coffee. It's a supplement, right?

Speaker  143946:39
Good your first customer, Luis, are you muted?

Speaker  146336:00
Oh, just enjoying the end of summer. We just left a beach. We had a beach day today. Alex beat us to it earlier this week, so we were doing that, working on getting a boat this weekend. So if everything works out, we'll be out fishing in the weekend too. So be good,

Speaker  151141:20
amazing. So much fun. And Tracy, I know she's traveling, I don't know where, but she was really excited to not be here.

Speaker  154757:20
I'm on too, by the way, guys, sorry, I just landed. I am going to super zoo next week. She's cool. Just do some research on a brand I'm trying to launch in the pet space. And I am excited for Milan.

Speaker  159130:40
I just read it, but I didn't know what you meant, amazing. Um, let's go through the list. Okay, are we good? Oh, we're not good. This is not up to date. I'm gonna Ping tashani, because I know that she has the up to date one next week we have the welcome call. Let's see the to do list from last month, I had to collect the Calendly links for all the council members. I have, everyone's except for Tracy, Tracy, Luis and Lee. So if Luis and Lee, he can have a Calendly link for me that would be amazing. I'm gonna send another email this week for to ask for that again.

Speaker  172810:39
I'll send you right now.

Speaker  173354:40
Amazing. Then Courtney was supposed to talk to Tracy and Alex about the Boston ecom lunch thing. I mean, Debbie probably was supposed to do that. I think that's in progress. Am I right? Yeah, we

Speaker  176784:00
have that, yep,

Speaker  177520:00
okay, amazing.

Speaker  178032:00
Yeah, we've got a date scheduled in September and registrations live.

Speaker  179440:00
Oh, great, amazing. That's going to be great. There are a lot of members in that area too. Um, I, was supposed to. I was supposed to add an intro to a council in the first email to new members, and also a couple of people who are close by. And I've already been doing that, some of you might have received some emails about it. I'm trying to have for you to have something in common, either proximity, location, proximity, or maybe in niche or in some of the interests that I know that you have and that you might share with any members. So if I'm sending too many people your way, please tell me I, of course, I'm trying not to, but just feel free to reach out, if I'm sending you to many people. We asked Donna from the tech team to email to 10 email events twice a month instead of once a month, and that's in progress. And I had to figure out the SOPs to have international gifts, no not paid duties, and we already have that in place. I forgot to bring sashani Just a sec. And these are the things that we have for this meeting. Any other thing that we need to add? Anyone needs, any issue, any other issue here.

Speaker  204362:40
Okay, yes, we're good. Um these, date

Speaker  207898:40
document,

Speaker  208506:40
um priorities. Would you want to talk about first, we don't have many things, but

Speaker  210864:00
this is low priority for for the third one, you

Speaker  211743:59
can just go down the line. Yeah, I think we're good. Did you get that link

Speaker  213343:59
over? Not yet. I'm waiting on it. Okay, we're

Speaker  214965:20
gonna start with, like, the app, I guess, right? Like, because, I mean, last time, this was one of the things that I mentioned, it's like a bigger conversation. So, yeah, I mean, where we had a goal, you know, on the the internally, like, if we couldn't fix all of these channels and, like, the app by the end of q2 which, you know, we didn't really get to, it's not where we want it to be yet that we would start, you know, doing more of the channel stuff in Messenger and wherever else, you know, like, we have, like, it's a problem right now that we have all these channels being created. And it's also like, not as ideal creating them in Messenger, because it's just, you know, it creates its own. Can of issues. We want the app to become something that people engage with, right? Like, we've we have a lot of stuff that we're like. I think the last thing left on the chat is just like, the red icon, the red notification icon on your iPhone, like that. That's the one thing that they haven't gotten to yet. I know we added like, Google sign on as people were requesting to get people in there faster, but it's, you know, in general. Just want to open the conversation of like, everybody's, you know, personal experience on like, what they really think we should be doing here, because, you know, from us, we were trying to find to make it easier, because there's now one of the other, one of the biggest complaints we get from members is like everything is all over the place, right? And trying to centralize, centralize it as much as possible. Using the app was the goal, so just kind of opening the floor for this conversation, and I want to hear everybody's thoughts,

Speaker  243168:00
so I will say the new authentication does work a lot better. I'm not getting constantly logged out now, which is nice. I started using the chat on desktop, which is a little more efficient for me. Like, when it's on the phone and you've got multiple channels, it's a you barely, like, open it up. I turned off notifications unless I'm actually, like, at an event, so I don't go in there and, like, just open and check it a lot. My vote for messenger is like, I'm literally on Facebook and have messenger open like all day, so it would get more interaction if we move to messenger, but I totally understand trying to be cohesive in one platform.

Speaker  256618:40
Jacob, you're the only one. Yeah,

Speaker  258368:00
people, I to turn notifications off because it's just, it was just too much, too often, too much frequency. I only turn them on for events when I'm when I'm somewhere live and I want to get the live events. So I think that's that's the challenge for me as well. I'll second.

Speaker  262677:19
I want to ask, why don't you guys turn off your Facebook Messenger notifications? I would imagine you got way more of those.

Speaker  264805:20
I do, but those are usually friends and work related. So I mean,

Speaker  266117:20
if we were to monitor all of these channels to messenger. Wouldn't it be the same thing that you'd have so many of these channels you're a part of that have so many notifications,

Speaker  269194:40
I'd probably mute them.

Speaker  269834:40
Yeah, I would probably not mute the channel, but it'd be easier for me to pop in there and see when there's updates,

Speaker  271402:40
but, but that's the so the issue is that, I'm in here. Now there's a bunch of channels. If these were in Messenger, they'd all be muted on my phone. They'd all be muted in general, like they just always are. The difference is that I would talk to Jacob or I can in Messenger. So like often, there's individual conversations that are happening in Messenger, that aren't happening in this app, that I'm like, oh, I need advice on X, Y and Z, right? Hey, are you going to Milan or when do you land that's not happening in an MDS app?

Speaker  281605:20
Why not? I mean, it wasn't reliable, but it has the, you have the ability to do one on one chats now, and DM people and it from the group call, like, if somebody posts something, you could literally just click Reply to directly, right? So it's a habit thing.

Speaker  286090:40
It's a habit, but that's, but that's, I think that's everybody's differentiator here. The Habit is that I have individual conversations, and I know that somebody is going to look at like, I've been very bad at Facebook lately. Like people ask me, I don't, but it's a habit thing, and you have to change everybody's formative habits too. But

Speaker  291472:00
also, even beyond the habit, it's, it's the where is the root of that happening? It's because the MDS group, the main you know, everything's on Amazon, on Facebook, right? So, like, you go from that to then the individual messages, right? And it's on the same platform. So until everything is on the app, that individual communication is going to continue to be on Messenger.

Speaker  299434:40
Yeah, I'd agree with that. Trying to move it from the Facebook group to the app, though, I guarantee you'd have a lot lower engagement.

Speaker  301722:40
Yeah, that's not really part of the plan. You know, the way that the app is set up is it's supposed to layer on top of a social channel, because you always need a social channel for engagement, right? Like, and, I mean, all we were trying to do with these chats and channels is like, remove one thing, like messenger. So it's like you had Facebook, and I, instead of going to messenger, you would go to the app. And again, like, from a we have so many of these channels now, it doesn't almost,

Speaker  310917:20
yeah, look,

Speaker  311637:20
let me, let me live like my perspective is like, look, we've, we've definitely tried to push this. We had a lot of issues. It was really difficult. The App didn't deliver on the promise of what it appeared to be able to we've spent a lot of time to improve it. Kind of, I feel like we're on our latch. We can always just turn off channels and just use messenger like and do that in the future. But we've actually replaced the entire chat with a stable chat, versus, when we build ourselves, we fix the login issues only. There's only a few things left, but this chat actually has features that you won't find in Messenger. Like, it has AI summaries built in that we can modify. You can actually see it on the desktop app. It has voice and video calling. We can literally do slack, like video calls within it within a week, like add it to the app. It's actually hidden on the desktop. So there's a lot of features and functions, even when I one idea I always had was if somebody messages you in the app, it would actually ping you in your own work slack, so you would know that there was a message there that you could actually maybe respond to via slack, because there's integration. So there's a lot of functionality that we can have, even pinning certain messages or having a section where you can see all the documents for that particular chat. So I love

Speaker  330714:40
the idea of a slack.

Speaker  330922:40
It's a great it's a great idea. And the thing is, like the app could be working, it just hasn't been very well for people, and we understand that, but we've done a lot of like, we literally scrapped everything we built and basically use a SDK, which is basically another company that just all they do is serve chats for other companies, apps like DoorDash and things like that. So that's the one we're using. And it's just like, you know, we've integrated all this stuff. It's all brand new. So for me, personally, I'm I don't want to disrupt MDS at all. Obviously that's the more important thing, but I do think that we need to give it one more try once the app and the icon and all the limitations are ready, because I think it's going to end up adding a lot of value. And the biggest issues we have with MDS members coming in is one everything's not centralized. So if somebody joins MDs, then they have to, we have to add them manually to tons of channels, and then we forget some, or they forget some, or whatever, right? And there's calls going on everywhere. There's where are the documents hosted, where are the events hosted. So no matter what people are going to use in the app anyways, and so I do think that engagement will pick up. I've also noticed, like, you guys muting messenger channels, those also lose engagement pretty quickly. We spin up one, and then it kind of falls off. And because messenger also, I think they just added pinning, you can pin a channel to the top of your messenger didn't exist for 10 years, but, you know, like you get a bunch of DMS from people in this chat in this group, and then all sudden, that chats far gone, and you forget about it, right? So centralizing everything in the MDS app is really the goal of making it a better, smoother experience. And we know exactly where to go. And things are tied together. It is a work in progress. So my hope is that, like, we give it till, you know, another 3060, days, and if once we haven't done a full relaunch of it, like telling people to come back in, also adding the Google logins. But then, if it doesn't work out, then we kind of default back to, let's just use what messenger. But I guarantee messenger does present a lot of issues for us and for members. So it's not really a better solution, in a sense, like it's a it's a solution you're maybe more used to, especially older members, and some people have left MDS because they say they don't use Facebook at all. So they actually prefer, you know, a centralized website, and the desktop app is a good option as well. So I don't that's a lot to take in, but for me,

Speaker  367194:40
I guess the question is, yeah, sorry, what is the issue? Is it just trying to drive more engagement? Within the chat,

Speaker  369120:00
because it wasn't working. Well,

Speaker  369584:00
it wasn't working. But now that it's even that it's working, like you guys mentioned, so many members have already wrote it off as like, Hey, I'm I don't have time for this thing anymore. It's not work. It's not worked for me. Enough times I'm done, right? And I don't want to hear about this thing, right? So there's, there's that group, there's people like you and Lee, who say, hey, you know, I'm just in Messenger. So like, my habit goes that I will answer a message, I will see something in Messenger more than I'll see something in the apps. Like there's the habit. So, you know, off the bat, like we're fighting those two things, and engagement is worse, and it's like, the ultimate thing is, like, it doesn't matter if it's better and smoother and all of that, if the engagement isn't there, we can't use it. You know, it's pointless. Like, all those things are just like, shiny features that don't work because nobody's actually using

Speaker  383610:40
them, I guess. I mean, what's the goal? Because we totally use it during events. Like, it's vital during events,

Speaker  385584:00
during events. I mean, we got rid of the bars, the Milan messenger thing, because it's like people weren't using it right because of these reasons. So it's like, what we need to decide is like, okay, we can get this thing working in 6090, days. And, like, we can make this one big push to try to get people to use it, but it's like we already have so many people that are so anti this thing. So I don't know if we're gonna be able to change, like, people's perception, unless, again, like, maybe you guys get involved. Or I don't know what ways we can change people's perception and win them back to actually get more engagement on Apple. But can we actually get more engagement on the app? That's the question. Okay? And if we think we can, we can keep on pushing and keep on building on and keep on like, doing all these things, but it's like, if you guys all think like, there's no way that we're ever gonna, you know, that I'm ever gonna use this app for something, then it's like, you know, it doesn't matter. Like, members are stubborn, you know, we're type A personalities. We do what's best for ourselves, for the most part, you know? So it's like, how do you break that?

Speaker  402912:00
Can I? Can I share a quick perspective that's personal to me, that maybe, maybe other others resonate with, which is, I like the async format of the Facebook group, right? Whatever time it suits me. I'm waiting for a flight. I'm doing this, I'm doing that. I go on the Facebook group. I see something interesting, I follow threads, I comment, you know, on my time schedule. Whereas I'm not a big sort of like group messenger in personal life either. I'm not, I'm not part of any like friend group. Can't keep up with it. I just, you know, we're all busy, we're running around, we're traveling, families, lives, work, whatever. So my, my reason for not really utilizing group chats, regardless of where they are, is because I just prefer the sort of like async. I can catch up my own time when I want, and I don't have, personally, the patience to go through a messenger thread to read up on, you know, 700 responses that had taken place over the last 24 hours. So it last 24

Speaker  416976:00
hours. So that's something like, we have, like, the AI summaries built in. So it's like, you can read an AI summary, yeah, maybe,

Speaker  418816:00
maybe, yeah, yeah. I mean, maybe, maybe that's useful, but for me, like, you know, it's just, regardless of where the group chat is, I'm unlikely to use it because I just don't want to be on my phone waiting for a response or coming back and forth. So that's just my own, my maybe that's just me, but it's

Speaker  423221:20
a really unique

Speaker  423477:20
the group style that's like, catch up when you want, you know, so

Speaker  424277:20
yeah, because a lot of these do have subgroups, like the investing, we have a subgroup on Facebook. The logistics have, like, a subgroup on Facebook, and I think that's where most of the involvement happens.

Speaker  427450:40
Well, here's the thing like and this is another, this is another thing the Facebook groups and like this I'll talk about. We tried spinning up different groups for things. And the issue there is, if it's not a topic that has at least a dozen kind of, you know, interesting threaded potential for at least a dozen conversations a day, or maybe even, like, let's say, a dozen conversations a week. It's never going to survive as a Facebook group because of the way the Facebook algorithm will just bury that thing in your newsfeed, right? So it's like, if it's not an engaged group, it's dead, it's dead, right? So, like, we've actually moved all those Facebook groups that you're talking about like, they're they're gone, they're not there. You probably didn't realize like, so that's why we went to those messengers. So things that have less frequent conversations, and it's still a topic that's of, you know, uniqueness, and in there's somebody that's, like, super passionate about that topic, like Alex and SEO, that's where these channels came in. And at least, like, there's a moderator, there's somebody that's, like, meant to lead that conversation. I mean, like Etienne with retail and like, supposed to lead these calls on a general, like, you know, on a basis. But also, I mean, we're creating a bunch of additional follow

Speaker  448928:00
are you guys maybe planning on, I'm just a thought, right? Keeping the just a general channel on Facebook for like our like the regular group, and then get all the spin off groups, you know, to spoil them, so people that are interested in they'll have to use the app and maybe minimize right now, there's like

Speaker  454293:19
eight. There are only four. I mean, there's a bunch, but it's like there are four core Facebook groups, all the other ones like, they have nothing like they're

Speaker  456629:19
talking about, like, I'm just saying, like on the app. Right now, if I looked at my chats groups on the app, there is probably eight, I think on the app or something, I'm not there should just be

Speaker  459994:40
there should just be through four. I think,

Speaker  460634:40
well, there's logistics, SEO, there is

Speaker  461322:40
for that channel. There's not a group. I

Speaker  461978:40
understand. My point is, like, if you is to a lot, that's what am I like? I think we should minimize things and expose all the groups, so that if you are doing community stuff, or if you're doing finance, whatever it is, you're forced to use just the app, and then, well, that's

Speaker  465872:00
what we're talking about, like, that's what that's the purpose of the app channels, to force people to have those conversations there. But regardless, it's like they're not going to have them there because they're not opening the app. So it's like somebody asks the question, like they're in a large catalog channel, right? Somebody asked a question, nobody answers because nobody saw it. So it's like, what's the point of that thing even existing? Yeah,

Speaker  471717:20
to your

Speaker  472021:20
question about, How do we change perception and behaviors? That's changing behaviors and marketing is the hardest thing to do. I think we can only do that if we demonstrate your superior value of the app versus versus the current Facebook group, right? And and we have a bit of a background of a lot of friction the app version one, with the login, the a lot of different bugs that that bothered a lot of us. So a question to you guys, maybe Eugene or Ian or Franky, how I know you? I know this app thing is a big investment in workload and money and stuff for for MDS, how confident are you now with with the current people in charge and the team working on the projects that we have the right people in the right seats to have a killing

Speaker  485989:20
all after that. I mean, this is where we've we've got rid of the entire original group. There's many problems that they built out. It was, my analogy is like they built a beautiful house where the plumbing doesn't work. So you go flush the toilet and it doesn't flush. So it looks nice, but doesn't do it. It didn't deliver on the promise, right? We replaced them. Now we have a new basically, CTO involved, and it's everything is like moving way faster, and we have a better strategy, and all, it's all new team from six months. So this

Speaker  493738:40
is, this is revision number three on the team.

Speaker  494282:40
Yeah, essentially, so, so this is kind of the last hurrah for me on this, on this project. I do think it's going to bring value to MDS. I think it's going to bring unity. It needs to deliver on the promise, as you said, in order to wow people, so that they go this is a more superior experience. This offers me more features that I want, whether it's like notifications, where I want them, right in Slack messenger even text me, you know, maybe the integration for SMS, whatever, we can't do those things with other apps using a platform that already exists to replace the app completely, also really not a great option, either, but we've grown to the size where we need organization and systemized processes, and members join MDs, and they get thrown through so many different hoops, it's not a pleasant experience, and then they miss out On a lot of things. And I do feel like people are already checking the app for the events. Are going to register for our events. We've already committed to that their membership profiles, meeting manager. You're gonna have your member map there. You're gonna have all these other things there. So you're gonna learn over time to access it more. And if you start to see more messages, I think it will improve. The thing was that the messenger, while it looked like it could function, it didn't function, and it log people out and had problems. So, you know, everybody's right to be upset, and equally, so I'm equally upset as well. So I think, you know, like I said, I think, like, in 60 days, it's gonna be night and day. It's already night and day. Now it works really better in Google login, we purposely didn't add but people didn't understand the purpose of that is to protect the data and information. And unfortunately, Facebook's login is far inferior to Google's. It's the same thing, only it doesn't work, right? So that was more of the issue. So yeah, we have to wow people, and I think that we have only one more chance to do so, and then we kind of have to, you know, do, what the do? What? Right?

Speaker  521781:20
Fabio. Fabio, if you're on, because I know you've got the coding background, I'd love a perspective from your side as a user, and also knowing how things work behind the scenes.

Speaker  524874:40
You know, I can tell you like I Google, we made this mistake several times of building our own Google App for solving chat or messaging, it never worked. So I mean to me, the bad news is that I don't know. Mentioned that people act based on their habits. We have limited time. So the reason why most people engage with face the Facebook group is that they're on Facebook anyways, besides MDS. So there's a habit. I open my Facebook. Maybe I check what's happening with my friends. I check, I don't know, whatever chance, and also I check MDs, so opening a different app, I don't know. I don't think it's because, because of the experience. Imagine that at the MDS app was the perfect app, would people engage? I still, I'm still not sure, because it's really, it's, it's another app that I need to open just for a specific purpose, while Facebook is a generic thing that it's always open on my phone. So I'm not saying the app is a great idea. I'm just thinking that I don't know if the issue is features. I don't know if there's new features that we need to add in order to drive engagement. I think it's a behavioral thing. Facebook is a generic platform that people use anyway. The MDS app is very specific. The MDS is pretty it's a pretty small community, so I don't know, I found it hard to drive people there, but, but again, I'm not saying the app is the issue. I think it's more the human behavior.

Speaker  550389:19
Yeah, so that goes back to ATMs point, like it has to be drastically better and more valuable.

Speaker  551781:20
But he's saying, even if it's perfect how I don't, he doesn't think that gonna that's what I'm kind of talking Well, you

Speaker  553365:20
have to understand my thoughts. They have to register and manage their membership somewhere. So where is that going to

Speaker  555045:20
be registered? Register. They need to register and manage their membership. Once you know, no, they want

Speaker  556410:40
to upgrade. No, they want to upgrade, downgrade, check their ticket statuses. They want I mean, but

Speaker  557594:40
again, you're talking Yes, all these things. So all those things don't happen 10 times a day. They'll happen once a week at best. And once a week is not a habit that is going to help engagement. So at the end of the day, even if you have the perfect product, unless somebody has a reason to pick it up 10 times a day, it's not going to be as engaged as messenger,

Speaker  564496:00
as much people pick up new apps, all

Speaker  565200:00
because we had many, many chats on Messenger, but they all, they all fizzle up, though, like, there's not one chat that we had on Facebook that didn't fizzle. It gets hot, and everybody's talking about it, and then after like, a month or two, he also dies. So like, I understand that we're trying to make sure the chat is active, but the is only active as long as you know, for a period of time is, like, whenever that the subject is hot, like, a, W, D, right? It was really, really hot last April, whenever they we got, everybody got forced, right? You know, February, March, whatever it is. And then after six, seven months, the conversation was only a few people that were late into the game.

Speaker  575098:40
Yeah, it's true. So,

Speaker  575754:40
like, so I think the app is still going to be great because everything is centralized. Like you said, all the videos, all the or partners are going to be there, every sign up, every event, every whatever. But I think that you guys are trying to set this thing that you guys want the engagement on the page, but the engagement is only going to be in the main page on Facebook. The messages are going to be set up. We're going to have events. It's going to be hot for like, you know, two, three months, and then it dies out. And I don't think it is an issue that you guys are, is not that big of issue, because doesn't matter what it is.

Speaker  584293:20
Well, the way that we're approaching channels right now is different than historically, right historically, it was like, you're saying, like, AWG, let's make a let's make a thing to talk about this. We make a messenger, we talk about it, and it dies. But now it's like, we've kind of the channels, if you can look at them, it's more general, you know, like, for example, logistics or SEO or investing or real estate, the 20 million up Centurion members like those are, they're not fad topics. So we've, we've shied away of creating any of these channels. I mean, maybe, like the AI, one's a little bit of, like a fad thing, but like the at the core, the channels are supposed to not be fads, and they're supposed to allow for that slack, like experience where, like, there's, you know, specific places to go to talk about something, and if you want to go talk about something, generally, you go to the Facebook group, and it's like, those layers are supposed to, you know, allow for people that, hey, if I really care about SEO, I want to live in this SEO channel, right? I don't want to be in everything else, you know. So that, that was the idea, because, look, we're getting the group is getting bigger, and as it's getting bigger. You know, creating these, like small verticals allows us to build, like, a depth of knowledge capital on that topic that's easily, you know, more searchable and more like impactful than having those conversations and, like the general thread. So the thought the approach is a little bit different. I mean, it might have the same outcome. Things might just die out anyway, but I mean, right now they're kind of dead on arrival. So

Speaker  609216:00
that's kind of the issue. Well, I think this kind of goes also into our other topic. If anybody else has anything, you know,

Speaker  611392:00
it's good to hear that now you guys are confident with the with the next steps, and the and the people and your team that is working on it. So I would say, Let's to make things big. Let's make it a big bang. Is it? Is it presented in Milan or presented later? If you feel more comfortable giving that a few weeks, but you should really make make a sales pitch. Okay, this was your life before, with all the frictions, and now with the app, your life is going to be a dream. And,

Speaker  619706:40
yeah, no, that, that's the idea, is to once it, once we feel it's ready. And we've been saying this for a while, but now we're not even far away from that. Yeah, we will do a relaunch. Email. Everybody make a post. And we already, we already recon our shop. We launched it, but we didn't post in the group. We didn't make a big noise about it that we talked about it in Milan. It'll be useful in Milan. It's got threading, so messenger doesn't

Speaker  625152:00
in Milan, it's not here's the problem with Milan. We already have a messenger chat for the summer in Milan, and we wanted to have these this. We wanted to have the chat for members in the app, but again, it's not ready yet because it doesn't have those notifications, and again, the engagement isn't there. So we're like, hey, we can't have the chat there. And even when we ran like Denver or when we ran in Barcelona, the problem was like, you know, you drop the message in the chat, Hey, who wants to meet up for a drink? And nobody got that message. So it's like people felt disconnected. I

Speaker  634661:20
mean, that happens in the regular that happens in our normal app?

Speaker  635850:40
No, no, Ian, the engagement. You can't, you can't, you can't tell me that the engagement in the app is the same as it is in Messenger there. That is, that's

Speaker  637882:40
not what I said. I said, people also ignore I know,

Speaker  639210:40
but you have a higher chance of getting an answer. So I just think, like the whole I'm trying my time. I'm talking about Milan. We can't really present it in Milan because the messenger is already on.

Speaker  641856:00
No, we can. We can talk about the channels. We don't. We already have a system to tie in messenger to the app that you can link out. When you say, chat with members at Milan, it'll take you right to messenger. That's not an issue,

Speaker  645648:00
okay? But then, then, let's do it later. But when I saw the news that okay for Milan, it's going to be messenger, not the app, I immediately understood, and I think everyone else did okay, the app is still not ready, so that, and that's fine. Let's do it later.

Speaker  649637:20
Yeah, that was, that was the exact issue, right? We weren't ready for it. We don't want, we don't want, we want to, we want to delight our members. We don't want to make it difficult for them, right? That's, that's, yeah, end goal that's in mind. So,

Speaker  652570:40
so let's not under, well, under sell it in Milan, if it's not the time yet. But then I think when it's going to be the time, it deserves more than a few posts and stuff. It deserves, I don't know when the next town hall is, or creates an event, I don't know, maybe a special call or something that you you you sell this bit strong.

Speaker  659504:00
Agreed? Yep,

Speaker  660256:00
we said that, you know, the reason why people don't use the app is that you know you need to have content that like new, like new content that happens every day. So I go every day in the app, in the MDS app. So how can we artificially create engagement? So what needs to happen in the app, so that every day I go there and check, I mean, besides the channels, because we we have a chicken and egg problem, right? So the channels, they don't get mass traffic because people are not in the app, so I'm not incentivized to go in the app and check the channels. So beside the channels, how can we drive engagement? Are there any other ways that can can push people to log in every day and check

Speaker  673744:00
top post of the day comes to mind, push notification today's top post.

Speaker  676704:00
Maybe a reward system. I

Speaker  677200:00
was about to say that belens,

Speaker  677781:20
somebody else said,

Speaker  678133:20
I mean, people are always motivated by rewards and money.

Speaker  679973:20
Hey, you spend dollars. If you get, you get $1 per day.

Speaker  681621:20
Isn't this driving people for the wrong reasons, though, because of it

Speaker  682549:20
loses, right? Luis is right. Like, you can't force these things, like certain app like channels, like large catalog channel. That sounds like a great idea in theory, but are those people really going to communicate often about it? Wouldn't they be better just posting in the main group and everybody seeing it potentially, you know? So, like, certain channels may not make sense, or they made sense at one time, like, AWD, now it's just, now it's just basically part of your logistics strategy, right? So sometimes these channels will have boom and bust periods. Maybe diving for crypto like should be, maybe investments might be, should be more actively push investments, because that's on top of his mind every week. I'm sure

Speaker  693216:00
I would like to hear more on the ideas to get people opening the app daily outside of the channel that I really do think if you want to build habit, that's what it's going to be.

Speaker  695605:20
So I mean, my dream would be once a day I get a push at the time I want. Is it 7am is it 5pm I don't know. I decide, and I get pushed the post that I will be the most interested in, and the app sees that, okay, I always engage on the post related to AI and optimization and blah, blah, blah, so he pushes me the posts that are related to those topics and not to investments or other topics. I'm not into any idea that that will push me to open the app every day, even

Speaker  704768:00
if it's bullshit, it can probably still sound Hey at the beginning. For you, at the beginning,

Speaker  706352:00
Netflix was saying, yeah, it's it's designed for your taste, and he was not. Now it is Yeah,

Speaker  708048:00
or like, a summary of what's happened on the app yesterday, right? So every day

Speaker  709525:20
a summary. I think it's the for you, that is the for you, interesting,

Speaker  710933:20
yeah, but it's a, it's an AI crafted summary of like, here's for

Speaker  712181:20
everybody. That's a, that's the same summary everybody sees. But you want

Speaker  713045:20
it? No, sorry, sorry. AI can personalize things for every user of the app based on their own personal behaviors, yeah. So it can record, I mean, obviously this is a huge feature, probably, but it can recognize that Etienne engages in these three channels. It's going to summarize these, and it's going to also say, hey, this event came up and it's about retail. You might be interested in it. That type of thing that's important. But a daily email that kind of breaks things down. Would it help bring people back to the app? Or notification, right? Or a Slack message to you? Yeah,

Speaker  722400:00
notification at the time, where I will engage, right? Because notification is the disturbs me if it's not at the right time, but if I decide, yeah, at 7am I'm I'm doing my my routine, and I would love this, and I set up in the app, okay, 7am push me one thing to read that is going to teach me something on something I care. Yeah,

Speaker  728197:20
yeah. So, so, notification, time, setting, personal

Speaker  728821:20
video, yeah, digest. I mean,

Speaker  729445:20
these are things. This is a great idea. And honestly, the issue is that if we don't have our own app, we can't do anything like this. That's the problem. These are possibilities with us.

Speaker  732282:40
Is, is AI capability to scan the Facebook channel every day, the main channel, and then maybe the notification is the top three movers, like, your how you know, we have trending and X, you know, like we can see what topics are trending. Maybe we can see what you know, posts are getting the engagement and just alerts, hey, people are talking about this right in just sums in one sentence, and it can be pushed in the like Ian said, on the time frame that you want, I want to get notifications between 630 and 8:30am that's the time that I'm working out whatever, you know, but then we can see trending topics on Facebook, I mean, but like the other thing, one point I want to bring up you, you mentioned there is users that don't use Facebook as well. Like my business partner, he's part of MDS because he likes to come to the Vegas event, whatever it is. He doesn't have a Facebook page. He doesn't want to go there. He doesn't want to open an account, but we still send an email saying, Hey, we haven't seen zero engagement on Facebook. Well, he's sort of asylum partner, and he likes to go to the Vegas event, you know, but he may he engages with the app, like he goes in the app to see the events, sign up and do whatever. If we're doing a push there that it shows the topic trending on Facebook, like, if AI is scanning our Facebook page and see the bullets in there? Hey, those are the training events that may be something that drives people to the app to check out, right? Because they don't want to go through the, you know, 50 posts that happened today, but they can see the top to their get the most traction, or most views, or the most responses, or whatever the metric is.

Speaker  758005:20
I mean, I can tell you already, we definitely have a profile on each member, with all the stuff that you guys fill out in your application, census like that exists and where you've engaged. And we do scrape the Facebook group, not on a daily basis, but, like on a weekly basis. It's not perfect, but it's like, it's not impossible to do it. I mean, I also just, I mean, like, from a perspective of, if you ran an AI to say there's 700 members, each member has to have an individual run of, okay, here's the member, here's their member profile, here's all the posts that happened the past, all the stuff that came out the last 24 hours and select the top three things and give them a digest that run is pricey, like, that's like a multi step run. I mean, I would say it's probably $1 at least. So 700 members, $700 a day, is what that would probably run in this, you know, possible. I don't mean like, Ian, like, I'm saying precisely, like, doing that, right? Yeah, it's really cool. But it's like, think about the cost to do that. Okay,

Speaker  775973:20
okay, do an AB test. Do do that on 10% of the members and the rest. You pretend it is personalized and it's just the same content for everyone, and see if it drives more engagements on the one that is personalized,

Speaker  779786:40
I would go back to the whole Slack integration, um, the hardest part is, is trying to train someone to do something different, right? Doing something new. If we can integrate the chat channels into Slack where people already are, I think we drive more engagement. And then if you're linking out, you know, it links back to the chats. So you're kind of training the user to start using chat, but we go to where they're at, instead of trying to force them to come to something new. We can

Speaker  788160:00
probably also make like a Facebook Messenger bot, you know, like the many chat bots that you subscribe to, yeah, it can send it to you in Slack. It can send can send it to you on text. They can send it to you wherever you want, but it brings you back to the app to see it, you know,

Speaker  791605:20
yeah, if that's not like a big lift, like, why not add it in that way?

Speaker  792757:20
Everything's a kind of a big lift. But, yeah,

Speaker  793493:20
yeah. Well, if, if it's kind of already built into the chat platform that you guys are licensing, you know. I mean,

Speaker  795354:40
none of that will be built. None of this we're talking about will be built in. This is all

Speaker  796442:40
custom. Gotcha, yeah, so, I don't know there are

Speaker  797530:40
integration partners. So you can literally do this and integrate it with WhatsApp and slack and stuff. I mean, it's not like you don't have to build it custom. You can, you can, basically, you know, you know, you know, you sign up for these apps and have all these integration partners. You're like, how did you build that? They tap it at somebody else's network. But it does take time to integrate each variable in the app to, you know that. So it is something there's

Speaker  803168:00
and there's a cost,

Speaker  803632:00
yeah, and the AI stuff, Eugene, like it's, it can be expended or cannot. It depends on how you build it and how you tap into APIs and what you're using, so there's definitely opportunity for all that stuff. But without the app, that's my problem. Is, without the app, nothing's really custom as possible. It's just we're at the mercy of Facebook's messenger. But, but

Speaker  808245:20
do we need it? Is the question. Like, if we just kept messenger for these channels, like, Are all these steps necessary, or are we doing more than necessary for members, right? Like that. That's like, are we just over

Speaker  812266:40
delivering data? I mean, where else? Where else do you store all the video content that's usable? I

Speaker  813594:40
mean, you can store the video content. You can do. I'm saying like you

Speaker  814634:40
don't do you? Say, right? Where do you Okay,

Speaker  816026:40
forget the chat, forget the chat, forget chat. You know, that's the only thing that the conversation is about in the chat. I'm not disputing any other features in the app, but it's like, do you really need these chat channels in the app to function, for the organization to function? Is there? Is there enough like benefit that's going to be created amongst all of us to have these channels in this app, that it's worth all of these steps, or is it written just fine if we did it in Messenger, and that's it, you know? Well,

Speaker  823845:20
I mean, for Luis and for my opinion, I think, like it does fizzle out, it creates a lot of issues. And if people are starting to use the app on more for whatever purpose is, whether it's checking their account, looking at documents, watching task mobile calls than videos, right? They're already there, so then they just see the message,

Speaker  829178:40
either way that's based on a topic, it's going to fizzle out. If it was going to fizzle out, it's going to fizz out no matter where it's not necessary. So it's

Speaker  830922:40
not necessarily about how engaged it is. Where are people happy to use it? And I think, like Etienne said, it needs to be better than what messenger that would be like. What? Yeah,

Speaker  834000:00
necessary. Is it necessary? Is anybody here gonna care? Is anybody gonna hear? Gonna care if all the stuff was in Messenger and we didn't have 25 million channels?

Speaker  837312:00
Well, no, because messenger will be now, you'll have 20 different channels in Messenger,

Speaker  838533:20
and we're not going to have all of them, right? Like, I think

Speaker  839957:20
we got a lot of ideas here. I mean,

Speaker  840421:20
like, I want to give people feedback new

Speaker  841205:20
members. Sorry, I know if we don't change and we keep everything on Messenger, then we come back to the insights of new members that say it's all over the place, I don't know where to look

Speaker  844282:40
at then kick them out. They like just started get out of here. Yeah. I mean, I think having two places isn't that overwhelming.

Speaker  847386:40
I think this is a great discussion, and I think that we'll continue to have this discussion. And I think, you know, if we can get past the issue of it being stable and usable, then it's more exciting, because then it's about, well, can we do this AI summary, or can we do this notification thing, or can we do this Slack integration? I think that's more exciting. That's where we're trying to get to, versus, you know, is chats better on Messenger or Facebook or the app when they both seem to be equally, not really great. Yeah,

Speaker  855541:20
is

Speaker  855893:20
it necessary? How much value is it adding to your life? Is it worth it? Are

Speaker  857045:20
there other things it's already it's already done, so, because

Speaker  857717:20
the point to get it to, what we're talking about is like double the effort that's already occurred, and it's a year probably building, and I'm just it's really strong advocate of like we're pushing, we're trying to push. Is the juice worth the squeeze? No, anybody else agree with me? There? Am I alone on that one? What

Speaker  863162:40
about we have a three, four or five scenario, the best scenario, the app is beautiful in 90 days, everyone use it to the worst scenario, the app takes even more time and is even more costly and the engagement is not good, and try to give away to all the scenarios and have some timelines and milestones of decision. Okay, in three months from now, if, if those lights are green, then we continue. If those lights are red, we stop, if they are yellow, then we we discuss. But give the give ourselves some, some clear deadlines on go, no go.

Speaker  873909:20
Can I have a dumb question real quick, is that integration for messenger with this app, so members that want to use messenger can use it, whoever wants to use the app or slack. So maybe just put those two connections, messenger, the app chats and slack. So 80% of the people have slack. You know, some people are messenger all day. They will use that. And whoever wants to the app is there. So

Speaker  880384:00
look, the integrations are, can be built, anything can be done. But the question is, you're not going to get it as native as you're thinking about. It's always going to be pushing you back to that app to see that thing. Because everybody wants somebody on their platform, you know, basically doesn't want, you know, I

Speaker  884512:00
understand. But, like, my point is, like, everything for MDS is going to be in this app, all the videos, all the events, everything is going to be there. You the messenger. My point is, let the people use is like our same concept when we sell something, you know, a multi channel. Let the people buy their stuff in the channel that are comfortable buying

Speaker  890677:19
the stuff, they're still going to need to click back to the app to use this. That's what I'm trying to say. It's just going to be a summary.

Speaker  892554:40
I think what he's asking is, instead of having to be in the native app, is it possible to have multi connections? Yeah, they're

Speaker  894650:40
like, that doesn't really exist. Yeah, well, there's a

Speaker  895738:40
connection to put it on Slack. So you're saying there's not a connection.

Speaker  896512:00
There's a connection to ping you on Slack, but it's there's not a connection that's going to replicate the conversation that's happening on Slack, because that would mean those people need to be users on Slack. I don't know. I

Speaker  899456:00
haven't done the research. I know, like WhatsApp, for example, there is, like 100 different apps that I can see my message or WhatsApp an iPad and my computer. I can also, I can choose

Speaker  901717:20
WhatsApp installed. I understand

Speaker  902469:20
my That's what I'm asking you. If you can use message like you can tie it. I don't know the logistics of it. I was just a dumb question, like I said, but I think that if we can figure out how to connect them, because I may be able to answer my messenger on Slack and it still routes through the app or through messenger. I don't know which one to be the native one, but it still gives the choice to the user.

Speaker  908314:40
Yeah, there will be a time, you know, if we do continue with this, that you'll be able to integrate with different platforms. That's what these the SDKs provide. Is a connection point where you can basically choose where you want to go, or you can integrate with Zapier, and then whatever Zapier allows, you know, it can be done. So it's all it's all things that take time and have to be fully tested and rolled out.

Speaker  916368:00
But anyway, I do appreciate you guys discussion and back and forth and like different sides of it, I think that, you know, we do have a pretty short window for the green, red light, yellow light. That's kind of my perception of it. And you know, that's where we're going to make those, those hard decisions, to move away from the app chat to other things. I

Speaker  923594:40
Let's go the next issue. Next

Speaker  924106:40
issue, Facebook name change. So that's another

Speaker  925562:40
so it kind of ties to this. I've been having this conversation with Ian Belen a lot. We, you know, we've for many years, we've tried to be more than an Amazon group, right? And it's been, it's obviously difficult, because we rely on like we are, what our members are, right? So the more knowledge capital we get of people that are doing retail or doing Tiktok or whatever, the more the group becomes relevant in those divisions, right? One of like the top, the number two things has always been, you know, DTC and like now we added like Tiktok, kind of, and we, for the longest time, had this Facebook group for Shopify and Tiktok. Right now, you know, is probably the, the most that we've ever gotten interest from people that aren't just straight Amazon sellers that are overall omni channel, or that care more about their, you know, DTC website than anything else, right? So when I have conversations with them, like, like discovery calls, showing them what MDS is about, I usually show the Facebook group, right? The Facebook group that I click into says, MDS, Amazon. And immediately, at that point, they say, Hey, is this? What? Is this just an Amazon group, right? And it's like, they don't get it. If I say, Oh no, we have a Shopify group too. I open up that Shopify group, and it's pretty dead, like there's no again, it's like, if there aren't enough conversations happening on that topic in that group on Facebook, then it's never gonna fly. But then, if you go back to the Amazon group and you actually scroll through it, like 50% of the conversations there aren't Amazon. They're based on packaging. They're based on like with conversations like Fabio on getting a Shopify set up, on Tiktok, whatever it is, it's every single type of conversation. It's not just about Amazon. So what I'm trying to get to is like I spoke to Ian about this. I want to re brand our MDS Amazon group into just saying like MDS now the ecom community, right? This is the, this is the general group for talking about e commerce topics

Speaker  960880:00
we were gonna notice. And I think you guys are overthinking it. I

Speaker  962080:00
mean, everybody knows this right away, because the cover is gonna change, the name is gonna change. There's gonna be a

Speaker  963392:00
it's still gonna be million dollar sellers right now. Like I'm

Speaker  964672:00
saying change. When you make that change, it's going to push us. Facebook is automatically going to push a thing saying it changed. Everybody's immediately gonna get notified that it changed. And, you know, if people are vocal, they're gonna start commenting on it and all that. And also, as part of this, we want to delete the Shopify group, because barely anybody is in there anyway. And the thought was to create, like, a channel for those like, trying to grow their DVC, again, with, like, somebody that is trying to host those regular calls and stuff. But what, what this does is, from a from a perspective of somebody coming in that's like an omni channel, that's just a brand, an E commerce brand, when they look at it, they don't see it saying, MDS, Amazon. I don't have this, like, initial perception. This is an Amazon

Speaker  976458:40
group. So I actually love that idea of just consolidating the groups, because they do get hot for a minute, and then they kind of fall off. And I think everyone in MDS would like to know more about omni channel. A lot of us are already very omni channel. So there could be something to get posted in the Shopify, but I'm not in that Shopify channel that I might be able to help out with, but I'm not in there. So I do like the idea of consolidating it. I don't know if I go with the E commerce, though. Just go straight million dollar seller community. And so what does that mean?

Speaker  984917:20
What does that mean? Million dollar sells community, to somebody that never saw it before. MDs, community doesn't is not descriptive to an outside person who

Speaker  987466:40
sees, who sees that without the content

Speaker  988026:40
those things are, are searchable on Facebook when you type in, you know, ecom group,

Speaker  990266:40
Gene, who? How many people have stumbled into MDS to then apply and have never spoken to anybody, huh?

Speaker  992368:00
No, they, they, they go in, they find you on Facebook, they request to join, they try to join, and they, they pop up on our leads. Thing, it's okay you tried to join, but here's a process to become part of the community.

Speaker  995488:00
People are actually like, legit people, and that's just like,

Speaker  996416:00
even saying like E commerce kind of pigeonholes you, because a lot of people are retail, you know, if you really want to expand,

Speaker  998309:20
we're trying to make a this is an ecom founder group. This isn't a retail we have a retail channel, we have a DDC channel, we have a Tiktok channel, but this is, it's an ecom founder group. This is where you talk about your business like, this is the Business Forum of it. We have an investment forum. We have a life forum, those we're going to keep, but this is where econ founders talk business essentially. Maybe that helps explain it.

Speaker  1006042:40
Yeah, I like the idea of omnichannel, omnichannel entrepreneurs. And also coming back to the name itself, MDS is a great brand. Million dollar seller has seller in the name, and seller is very much attached to Amazon. So I personally much prefer saying MDS now than million dollar seller, because that's that's reductive to just selling on Amazon and doing private label and basta, which is not what we are doing.

Speaker  1013893:20
Yeah, we recently did that poll on using the word seller or founder and what everybody resonated with, and it was like 95% resonated with the term founder instead of seller. So that's why we changed our branding, where the Econ, where the the community of vetted ecom founders, you know, for seven to nine you know, vetted ecom community for seven to nine figure founder. That's like our tagline, and that's how people find us, you know? So when they see us on Facebook and they just see MDs, Amazon, they're confused,

Speaker  1021370:40
yeah, why

Speaker  1021754:40
don't they just switch ecom founders to private label founders? Label can be anything, but that's again, that that's, that's pigeon, that's saying that you're being a private label seller. Is not, is not as sexy as being an E commerce brand. Like, yeah, thank you. People here like, develop their own products. Like Lee, you know, he's not trying to be a private label seller. What do I do? Sell private label? You know, I uh, that's like an Amazon term, I would say,

Speaker  1031237:20
Well, I do agree with consolidating the smaller groups into the one. It doesn't make sense to kind of have a subgroup for Shopify. When I'd say probably at least half of us have Shopify accounts. We could join in on a conversation and or add value. I think those conversations are fine to have in the main group.

Speaker  1037722:40
But do you think

Speaker  1037994:40
members are gonna care that you change the name? I

Speaker  1038618:40
don't think they're gonna care. I mean, Ian,

Speaker  1039882:40
just watch his name, MDS, ecom founders, that's it. Like, nobody's gonna, nobody's gonna, like, you're gonna have two people to say anything, nobody else.

Speaker  1042192:00
Yeah, your thought was like, because you were very against it. Well,

Speaker  1043376:00
I, I was against it initially because, you know, I think that the conversations can be overwhelming. Or, like, it's very nice to have things in categories, which is why we want to have channels, right? But, you know, talking with Eugene, like, I think, like, more, my fear was just like, changing the name and having people be upset that they're getting rid of one of the Facebook groups. And you know, everything's gonna be mixed, and it's confusing, but when you actually do look at the group, it's very mixed currently. And it's yeah, it's actually having

Speaker  1051882:40
a conversation with stick talk, yeah. And

Speaker  1052522:40
the other thing about it is, is actually Facebook's algorithm has become so bad that if you don't engage in a Facebook group, you're not going to get even notifications from it, right? And even in the main group, if you don't even engage with certain people, you may not be seeing their posts so, and that's kind of where the whole app even started. But like, the idea is that, like, Facebook is manipulating how our visibility of what you post gets shown to the rest of the people. And it's a bit scary, so probably having more in one group will be better, but you are going to miss things, because if we have a lot more DTC discussions or ideas like that, you might be missing it because you don't engage with that particular post, versus a feed that's unregulated by algorithms. It's just like, This is what's happening right now.

Speaker  1064965:20
Just jumping on that, it makes me think that we absolutely need to make the new members I don't know, like at least 10 posts, or have this aha moment of engaging enough to trick the algorithm like we try

Speaker  1068522:40
to encourage that as much as possible. Yeah, pushing that, it's like, as much as possible. And that's also okay. You guys should be pushing that on your calls

Speaker  1070410:40
with them, yeah, yeah, but that's okay so

Speaker  1071066:40
you're already showing them, okay. Do do at least 10 or whatever? Yeah,

Speaker  1072128:00
the first, the first message that they get, one of the first is like, like, like, and comment, like, you got to do it. You know, the algorithm starts working. Okay?

Speaker  1074672:00
So if everybody's okay with it, I think we just make a post about why we're doing it. We make the change.

Speaker  1076048:00
I'm thinking, like, again, I don't know what it's gonna be. Like, we have MDS life. We have MDS investments, and this is just going to say MDS business, or, I don't know if we call it something else, but this is our business forum, or maybe there's a better word. And then there's a dash, like an M dash, and it says the ecom community of vetted seven to nine figure sellers. So there's still, but you never you don't see more than two words in your like in your side panel, so it doesn't matter, but you still see the important word that you know, this is the business group, and that's the life group, and that's an investment group. You killed the Shopify group, and like, Ian said he doesn't want to change the color, because he's, like, the orange color, even though it's Amazon related. Like, I would like to change it, but he's like, it doesn't feel good. So one thing

Speaker  1087786:40
Ian on that, yeah, I agree

Speaker  1088128:00
with the orange. That's the fire festival. Orange. I love it. Orange,

Speaker  1089888:00
even though I'll just say one once, I'll just say one change at a time. You know, if you all change the colors, you know, next year has a rebrand dialed into groups or something, right? Because it's a bit funky because the icon has to match the headline. There's a whole thing why you can't really do a lot of cool stuff with it because the way they adjust images, but yeah, one change at a time, and like, you know, saying we're gonna remove the Shopify group and just have it all be in one group. And maybe this is the MDS, you know, online commerce group, and then there's, you know, or whatever, a commerce group, and then there's the Life Group, and then there's the you know, investments group. And we have like, three main groups, let's say, for our three main active areas.

Speaker  1100298:39
Just, I want to just throw out one other just, you know, school of thought is, you know, we've, I know we keep trying to go more broad and E commerce. But like, the reality is, the common thread is Amazon. I think, you know, there is a lot of power in being very niche and very focused on, like, the main thing. And a lot of times, there's a lot of value in just being the best at, you know, one lane. And that's kind of what people do know. It says, I know that's, that's like, not what we want to be known as, necessarily anymore, but that is what we're known for, and maybe that is our superpower and what we should be focused on. I'm just, you know, I

Speaker  1111317:19
just personally that's no longer descriptive of our top members. That used to be descriptive of our top members, but right now, the members that are at Amazon only private label businesses are suffering left and right, and the members that are most engaged and most successful have larger brands and are trying to do more than just on Amazon, but that's my side there. And I don't know what you guys feel.

Speaker  1118154:39
I think most people try, are trying Tiktok, but no one's again. It's like the you know, everyone's now throwing back from Tiktok because it's just not profitable, and

Speaker  1120751:59
BTC is, I don't think anybody's well, like, Who's throwing back Tiktok?

Speaker  1122000:00
A lot of people, yeah, there was, like, just a post about how Tiktok is coming pay to play,

Speaker  1123248:00
yeah, but, but

Speaker  1123888:00
that's bullshit. That's

Speaker  1124112:00
just somebody

Speaker  1124463:59
trying to tell you not to go on Tiktok because they don't want competition.

Speaker  1125536:00
Yeah? Do that? No, I know. I think that it just listen. Everybody has their own journey, and this is a group for business. And if you are, if you own a product, business is the right place to be. Can you sell on Amazon? People can have you with tick. They can help you with target. They have they can help you everywhere. If you sell fucking anything that you make and manufacture, I don't know, I take that doesn't work for some people. Fucking really works for others.

Speaker  1134458:40
That's kind of the thing. Well, yeah, you're right with any channel. You know it's gonna work for some doesn't work for everybody. Yeah,

Speaker  1135738:40
that's just, that's, that's the game. We're all in a game. You can all simulation guys. And I think business is fine. And I think you call it biz, if you want to be cool with a with a Z biz. Those are the cool kids. Call it,

Speaker  1140656:00
Okay, listen, I'm

Speaker  1141295:59
just cool

Speaker  1142048:00
this guy, I know. So if you say that,

Speaker  1142549:20
listen, I'm about to go on a yacht. Guys, it's an MDS yacht, but I'm about to go on an MDS yacht, so I gotta go soon. But yeah, New York chapter, New

Speaker  1145605:20
York chapter is doing things. We'll keep on going. Etienne wants a different time. I don't know Etienne, but let's hear it. Let's hear your spiel.

Speaker  1148346:40
Maybe Fabio, you're you're in Italy, right? Maybe you'll join me on this one. If we keep that time, it kills one family dinner per month for me. So if we move it to earlier, I will be much happier. But it's just my perspective,

Speaker  1153695:59
isn't at 12pm Eastern, like most of our calls,

Speaker  1154912:00
but that'd be like 11 CST

Speaker  1155904:00
coffee, typically the time that's almost that we've used that like the most neutral time.

Speaker  1157573:19
Yeah, that would be a dream. I'm just curious

Speaker  1158437:20
if there was any reason we didn't choose that time. Belen,

Speaker  1159365:20
um, I don't know, last time, last council had this time too. I

Speaker  1160773:19
Two years ago we had a 12pm Eastern, yeah. I'm

Speaker  1162293:20
just curious if there was any logic why we went away from that time, I don't know. Maybe

Speaker  1163994:39
I will call overlap, yeah,

Speaker  1165018:39
on Monday, but we also kind of do that on Monday. We might be able to do it on Tuesdays.

Speaker  1167626:40
What other calls were overlapping with because there's so many channel calls now that we will have overlap anyway, yeah, well, it looks

Speaker  1169472:00
like we're going to overlap a mobile call once a month if we do 12pm Wednesdays, like today would have been Dorian call.

Speaker  1171312:00
Oh, right, because it's, it's Wednesday, Wednesday. Can we? Can we do it on another day? Then,

Speaker  1172976:00
yeah, we have our team meetings, Monday, Tuesday. Tuesday, we have a lot of channel meetings. Thursday,

Speaker  1177077:20
not at 9am PST, but at 10am PST. I don't know if that's

Speaker  1179237:20
always possibly on that's fine.

Speaker  1179882:40
12pm Thursday. Is that like a thing? 12pm Thursday, every first Thursday of the month. How's that sound for everybody? Good for me.

Speaker  1183098:40
I have a logistics call, but I can,

Speaker  1184944:00
but that's like, less

Speaker  1185680:00
I can take another week. I don't think that's big deal,

Speaker  1186495:59
because it's once a month. It's not weekly. Yeah,

Speaker  1187183:59
I have

Speaker  1187488:00
a couple of, well, a client call, but like, I'm also not managing that account. It's more of like, there may be times where I have to jump into that. I'll, I'll handle It's fine by me.

Speaker  1191621:20
You ask for things, you get them.

Speaker  1192277:20
Family work. I'm not gonna ruin family time, guys.

Speaker  1194133:20
I'm drinking my beer alone on the balcony, you know,

Speaker  1195050:39
for you guys. PM,

Speaker  1195626:40
Thursday, living your best life. Anyways, so 12pm EST, on what day of the

Speaker  1197066:40
week? Thursday, Thursday. Next

Speaker  1199258:40
issue, hey, sorry. And next issue, I'm going to send you an email with this. So it's something just very short. We have this form now that you must fill out every time you meet with a new member. Or this is not the form, sorry. Form that you will see Link to member, whatever name. Oh, I thought it would be there. Let's go with Fabio, wherever name you just click here. Notes, great guy. Be more thorough, please. And whoever submitted and submit, it should be super easy, but that makes it easier for us to keep track of who you're meeting with, and anything that you think could be useful for us to know about them, any way that we can help them, any interactions, introductions that you made, or whatever came up in your meeting about them and their business, or whatever you think could work. I'm going to send this to you by email and in our chat so you have it and, yeah, that's all that I have to say about it. I don't have do you have any questions?

Speaker  1221727:59
Where can we find the link when

Speaker  1222437:20
it I'm going to send the oh, okay, perfect. Yeah, I just wanted to meet you first so you know what I would be talking about. And yes, I think those are all of our issues. Now. Anybody has anything else that they want to discuss, anything that came to your mind, did

Speaker  1227466:40
you get the thing from shoshani?

Speaker  1228410:40
Oh, yeah, I did. Thank you for reminding me of that

Speaker  1230554:40
amazing I gotta jump because I'm going, I'm actually on an MDS Yat day thing. So I guess,

Speaker  1233968:00
oh, my God, my cat is meowing a lot. Um, so this is the application that we had in the last month. These people are pending application. Just let me know if any name rings a bell to you, if you know anything about any of these people,

Speaker  1240853:20
and we had i

Speaker  1243754:40
All these guys are new members for August. So somehow I today, I think I introduced Christian to to Jacob, and some of you might get introductions to some of these people. Michael will talk to Tracy, and if you find any posts by these people, please like and comment so they feel seen and more part of the community. Yeah, I

Speaker  1251856:00
researched someone last month that I don't see in the list. I know Brian interviewed him, I think, yesterday, something,

Speaker  1254389:20
he didn't make it to the list yet. Okay, maybe he didn't fill out the application yet. That's, I think, the first topic. All right,

Speaker  1257973:19
so they they land on this list when they completed the application form.

Speaker  1259514:40
Yes, okay, and then we have the list of removed members. We removed 12345, people. Oh, what else? I didn't know that any, anyone knows any of these people, or has anything to say about them?

Speaker  1265632:00
And as I referred him to the group a year or two ago, and I asked, I think you the why? Why he left the group? And he was like, his company was struggling, so they had to cut costs basically. Yeah, Rishi manda is is he the rishi that is based in London that is working with a now with a nacho?

Speaker  1273765:20
Let's see,

Speaker  1274293:20
I'm not sure. I don't think so. Yeah,

Speaker  1276346:40
there may be more than one Rishi, but

Speaker  1278314:40
okay, um, so are we good with everything that we saw here? Anything else to say,

Speaker  1281007:59
nabe, I think is the guy is in Israel, right? It was, it was in the Europe chapter. I think I made him, I met him once. Any any next steps on having a Israel chapter or not, in the near future,

Speaker  1286293:20
we haven't been able to find anybody wanting to step it up. Okay? So, so

Speaker  1288037:20
I keep them with me, yeah,

Speaker  1288437:20
if you know anybody, if you can get anybody to do the E comm lunches, I

Speaker  1291562:39
Yeah, okay, I think that should be it for today. Please remember to add the hashtag MVP or MLM to any posts that you see that you think that are worthy of an award, so we can take that into account when we register everything. And I already have the new document. Where is it? I don't know. I'll send it to you later today too. Okay. Sounds good, any person that you want to add to member of the month. Let me show you who we have right now. Let's see

Speaker  1307269:20
we have Leslie, which I think she posted a lot, and I think she's got, not going to get it anyways. She has, like, a lot more points than the rest of them. You have, haseem, Leo, Ivan and Tim tierley. Anybody else stood out for you? Okay, so we'll vote among these people. I'll send you the link, and also the advisory council meeting form two after this meeting today. Okay, thank you all so much for your time, for your thoughts and for being here with us today.

Speaker  1318805:20
Thank you. Bye, thanks guys. Take care. Q, bye.
