MDS Retail Channel Call
Date: June 23, 2025

Speaker  00:00
A handful of, hey, Filip,

Speaker  864:00
Hey, good to see you.

Speaker  1664:00
Yeah, let's, let's give it two more minutes to welcome the the other commerce. William was telling me that 18 people said they will show up, so hopefully it will be a bit more than last time. And as always, it's a forum, right? So there's no, there's no guru giving a training for $997

Speaker  11301:20
yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna mute myself. I'm actually cooking some food at the same Time. So please bear with me.

Speaker  13130:40
That's fine. I

Speaker  22949:20
Hey, Alex, good to have you. How are you? Hey,

Speaker  26101:20
everybody.

Speaker  27109:20
Hey, Alex, Hey Michael, hey guys. We'll start in two minutes with The video on Guys. Please. You

Speaker  60442:40
all right, let's start guys. Welcome to this monthly call about retail. This is a forum format, so please put your camera on. If you don't have a camera on, please leave that that call. It's some it's a discussion. So that's my request here. There's no one that is paid to teach the others about anything. So it's really about your challenge, and exposing that to the to the group, and getting the help of of your peers. That's how the this channel is is LED. Maybe we can welcome the people that were not there last time, and you can can say a word about your your where you're at with the retail, your situation, maybe the challenge you're facing. And we are, we built from there. What about you? Albert, welcome. How's

Speaker  76634:40
it going? Everybody? Yeah, I'll start. I think this is the first time I'm on this call. Sometimes the scheduling is a little tough for me, but basically, our our biggest retail experience so far is with one of our brands in the chemical space, and we're shipping a program to Walmart so it you know, this is we're still in the first year of this call it Test order, and so far, It's been pretty successful. The sell throughs are really good. We we went back for another meeting a few months ago to do the line review for the next season. They just decided that they're going to keep us at the two products for now. I guess you know with Walmart, they're a walk before you run type of company, unless your product is absolutely blowing out. So that's really where we've been. That's our biggest program so far in brick and mortar retail. And just a little bit of background on myself. I used to work at an apparel, wholesale apparel business where we shipped to brick and mortar retail all across the country, predominantly off price. So like TJ, Maxx, Ross Burlington, Marshalls and the clubs, Sam's Club, Costco and BJ, so most of my brick and mortar retail experience comes from my previous work experience, but, you know, still looking to layer it on into my business with a, you know, trying to have a more omni channel approach every day.

Speaker  103381:20
Thanks. Albert, Hey, David, here, can you speak, or you're you're focused on the driving?

Speaker  105109:20
Yeah, I'm driving, but now I wanted to listen in, stay put your camera on so I'm driving. Yeah, whatever.

Speaker  106938:40
Okay, that's cool. Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker  108442:40
Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know, we're, we're, I have a new brand, relatively new brand, that we're pushing to retail now. I've got some reps that are working on smaller retailing, specialty retail, kind of boutique gift, and then up to like Cafe sort of food service as well. And then also, like, larger retail natural channels. So grocery, let me say natural grocery. Like these smaller guys sprouts. We got meeting with fresh time, actually coming up this weekend. Yeah, so we got some interesting things going on, but yeah, just interested in listening in, like, anybody else's experience, and obviously, kind of anybody that's in food, if there's anybody in food, there's anybody in food or food or gift, and then maybe connect separately, because I've got some background in retail, like product, old brand in target and grocery stores, but kind of been out out of it for a while. So I'd love to, yeah, connect with anybody that is in that sort of, like food gift, special retail, or even food service, is an interesting one. It's probably not anybody has that experience, but I figured I'd see. So

Speaker  124906:40
what's up? Thank you,

Speaker  125610:40
Alex. You want to tell a bit about where you are with with retail?

Speaker  126634:40
Yeah, sure. Hey everybody. Etienne, thanks for moderating the call and setting up the group. We have a home cleaning and maintenance brand, and we are in WalMart. We are in a few large grocery chains through sort of independent or through sort of large distributors. We are launching in Home Depot in August, and in conversations with a with a bunch of similar retailers. So retail is a real big focus for us as a brand. Sounds like Albert, you're in sort of consumable cleaning type products as well. I mean, it's just a hard game on Amazon because the products are not feather light, and just with FBA fees, it's just hard to make good, consistent margins at a price that people are willing to pay, unless you have a 1p account, which I think very few of us have or have any any likelihood of getting. So retail is a big focus for us, and we've been successful in Walmart and sort of using that as a platform for expansion to different different different chains, mostly big box. We don't sell it at any sort of smaller stores or medium chains. We either sell to big box or we sell to companies who effectively have, you know, multi locations and things like that. So, yeah,

Speaker  150485:20
thanks.

Speaker  151333:20
Anyone else rich wanna worried about what you're at in retail?

Speaker  152821:20
Yeah, so my dream is to eventually have my own retail locations, but I am right now we've just had small like mom and pop stores reach out to us for small purchases. I've never made a hard push into retail, but it's on the radar, so this is why I'm joining the call. Excited to be here.

Speaker  158202:40
Cool. Thanks.

Speaker  158890:40
Hey, Michael, do you want to you want to say words for the new attendees about where are you at with retail on your business? Yeah, sure.

Speaker  161455:59
So I'm co founding the brand called Shape off using accessories for cycling, motorcycling, running and so with retail, we sell in almost 6000 shops in Europe. So we both have, like big chains, like Decathlon intersports And a lot of small independent shops. Also mix of everything. And yeah, so selling a lot on in brick and mortar shops. And the other channel for us is Amazon as a 1p 1p lender,

Speaker  172330:40
Alrighty, so who's facing a big someone else didn't speak. Wanted to speak. We had it. Everyone. What's your biggest challenge so far in in retail? Basically, my I can start with mine. I'm developing a few POS elements for for the shops, and my challenge is to finance all this, because it's cost a lot of money. And of course, the retailers don't want to pay for that, and the distributors don't usually don't want to pay for that, neither. And if I want something nice that is actually driving the cells this material cost a bit of that. So trying to find ways to to finance this, I have one distributor who agreed actually to pay the to pay half of it, which is, which is okay, but some others say no, it's on your marketing cost and ambassador with absolutely no guarantee of execution. So yeah, that's, that's the little challenge I'm facing right now. If any of you had this already,

Speaker  191882:40
sorry, Etienne, I lost you there in the beginning. What were you? What was yours, fella, US

Speaker  193056:00
elements like glorifier on shelves or displays stuff, stuff to enhance the presentation of your products in the shelf.

Speaker  195456:00
Okay, do you have your own stance, or is it more in their stance?

Speaker  197056:00
No, it's in their stance. But, like, I have, like, coming with those babies, I have, like, a glorifier outside with all the unique bones. It's, it's in cardboard. It's not much, but still, that adds up. If you, if you ship 1000s of those can be something a bit more fancy with a I do have a lunch box that is shown exploded with the different parts, and that's in a in acrylic material. So it's cost a bit of to produce. Actually, it's not just $2 cardboard box, let's say so, yeah, interesting. I know big brands usually finance this themselves. When they have their own, I don't know, a meter or the big, a big shelf that they secure. It's branded, and it's only their products there. They can afford this because this they they pretty much buy the place, right or buy the space. It's not my situation right now I'm a small challenger at the point of sale, so when I have more than five SKUs, I'm happy. And so it's a bit difficult to exist and to justify the costs on this where I'm not sure it's bringing additional share of shelves.

Speaker  219269:20
Sorry, yeah, I don't have any input at all on that, because I'm very new to retail, so I barely know what you you're talking about. But yeah, I can see that, you know, being expensive and being a challenge, yeah,

Speaker  222954:40
yeah, but yeah, this is like, kind of a classic problem with displays and POS, I mean, you don't want to pay for it. The store doesn't want to pay for it. And the importers, I mean, it's there is something. I mean, we have the same issue at Shape Up, because it costs a lot. It costs

Speaker  229024:00
you have some fancy one, you have some really hard stuff, yeah,

Speaker  230005:20
counter this one, yeah, we have, we have nice one and, and first thing is always the same. First thing you try to reduce the cost. So basically, in Europe, we have a lot of manufacturers in Poland, Romania, stuff like that. We have stopped we produce everything. In China, this is way more cheaper, way more cheaper. Yeah, the price different can be like two or 3x so difference is huge. And the other thing now is, to be honest, it's really hard to make your your retailers or distributors to pay for it. What we because same we are not that big so, so we have, we struggle on the same point. What we do now with distributor, we say, Okay, we're gonna, we're going to offer them okay to everyone, but on the other end, you need to make a special price discount or something like that, offer free products to the shop. So we are sure the shop going to use the display the POS and to be honest, the difference that it makes on the sellout is huge, is huge. So now, every time we have a new product, we launch the POS with it.

Speaker  254522:39
Yeah, is it? Do you have a discussion with the retailers if you can put those out. Or how does that work?

Speaker  257136:00
First, we talk directly to the retailers to understand what they are okay to have. Because I mean the same in every time they don't have space for you. I mean, if you are Nike or whatever, yeah, they will have space for you. But the small brand like ours. It's really hard. You need to you need to fight. So we try to do, yeah, to to discuss with them what we what we could do, what is something affordable for them. I can show you a small one, typically. This is something we develop with shops like that. See, this is like a small display. They could put it everywhere, and it's okay. And, for example, the big one like that, this is something we call developed with a big chance say, Okay, if we do it, if we do 200 pieces, can you guarantee that the shot Gonna, gonna showcase them in the in the store, and that's it. To be honest, we didn't find any solution to make the distributor pay for it like so we asked for something in like price promotion or free product or kind of system. It's it's really, really odd to make them pay for it yellow

Speaker  278405:20
upfront, okay, but what I understand is that you make them pay in another way, that they give you stuff that they normally would have Sell, sell you like a promo slot, but it doesn't actually cost them anything upfront. Yeah, and it's a good. It's a good

Speaker  283125:20
at the end you're going to get what you want. I mean, the sell out could increase, and then we're going to reorder and and this is how we calculate the price of the display. We know. I mean, we know they're going to last one or two years if it's made of wood and not paper or stuff like that. So this is a way we try to, yeah, to maximize the return on investments. But yeah, always a tough discussion to have within.

Speaker  290768:00
Why don't you factor the overall cost into the well, why don't you factor the display cost into your overall cost that you're quoting the the retailer? I

Speaker  294133:20
But, I mean, when we sell to retailers, they already know the cost of a product, so it's really hard to add something and to change.

Speaker  296293:20
They're already buying the product and now they want you to do a special promotion.

Speaker  297333:20
Yeah, got

Speaker  297621:20
it. So just another thing that you said, Michael, was you mentioned how, you know, a lot of times when you do displays with big box retailers, they don't end up out on the floor the correct way, or they don't even end up end up out there like we we did a we did a program with Walmart for a different brand last year. It was a sidekick display. I had to hire a company to go into each single location that we were in to go install them, because they were sitting in the back of the store for the first two weeks that they were out there. So just letting you know in advance that a lot of these displays are can be a really challenging program to make successful, and you just have to take that into account even more beyond the cost of the display, is get getting the display out there in the right place at the right time.

Speaker  311253:20
Yeah, this is a solid point, and this is why we try to do only really. I mean really I am displays, because if you do a shitty product, paper or whatever, they won't take even the two minutes they need to put it in the shop. So this is why we do a nice display. We always try to get the approval of the manager, stuff like that. But even though we need to call the shop and say, Okay, did you receive the display? Is it easy enough for you to set up stuff like that? Yeah, you're right. It's, sometimes it's drives you crazy.

Speaker  321552:00
I can, I can share what I've been doing, and the idea I haven't done it yet, but the idea of the So, that's the cardboard display. Do you guys see my screen? Yeah, and it's, it's actually quite small in in depth. It's, it's like this, this big, 25 centimeters. So it fits in many stores configurations, right? But still, I can, I'm able to fit, I think, like 25 products inside. So for the for a shop, at their buying price, it's roughly 500 euros, which is okay for most of them, it's a little effort, but it's not too big effort. So they can do it, and we offer the display if they buy at least that amount, right? So they can pick and choose the products, the colors they want, but they have to reach at least that so, so that display is is delivered for free, and it's delivered, not filled. It's flat, but it's super easy to set up. Still, it takes, like, two minutes. And what I what we haven't done yet, but I think next idea for the next batch could be that there's a label on the on the outside that says, hey, set it, settle this up and take a picture of it and send it to us, and you receive whatever a gift, or there's an incentive for them to execute the way we want it to be. Plus, we have a bit of reporting on the stores, and it's we mentioned on the on the last call, this app be my app, be my eye, where you can actually ask shoppers, normal shoppers, that to go in store, do a store check, take pictures of the of the shelf. Sometimes ask, Oh, why don't you have this wonderful brand? I would love to buy it from you so you can take a few service. I was just checking because I have a friend who used to work at them, and I was looking at their review on Trustpilot. And apparently they're not in good shape, because they're not paying any anyone anymore for to do the do surveys, so maybe be cautious if you want to use them. But another, yeah, that's the kind of a small this is cardboard, so that that's going to be quite cheap to go in the shelf, you see. But this one cost for 200 units. It cost like $20 in China. And the best, course, the best quote I got from Eastern Europe was $28 so yeah, the difference is quite, quite significant. And the last thing I wanted to show you is that. So that's the acrylic thing, showing the, showing the the product exploded, and all the USPS, etc. And that's that is supposed to be robust enough to stay at least one year in in the shelf, right? But again, yeah,

Speaker  368592:00
just one comment. So the big one gonna cost, let's say 25 with shipping and stuff like that,

Speaker  371088:00
yeah.

Speaker  371328:00
So it means you need to sell like four or five products more to be profitable.

Speaker  373488:00
Gross, profitable. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker  374309:20
So anyway, just a comment on the design. If, first of all, overall looks fantastic. You might want to consider the two the three shelves that say umami bento. You might want to consider putting a benefit or selling point instead of the brand, because you do have a brand on the top and you have the brand on the bottom. And I did a sidekick that looks very similar to this for both cleaning product. And basically I had like, three different benefits, and I think it helped the conversion. I, you know, like, I, I think there's a balance between the branding and the conversion. This side, you're right, the side looks great, but keep in mind that depending on how it's placed in the store, the side might not be seen. So like the sides and my sidekick, I don't know how they're displayed in the store, but they were mine weren't displayed even though I had graphics on them.

Speaker  387648:00
Yeah, no, you're right. We thought about this, but then the so we put it on the side, indeed, because at that point we're not sure what, what range they're going to put, where, if they have everything, etc. So we in the future, when we'll be bigger and we'll know a bit more about our assortments everywhere, then we'll be able to drive the stores a bit more than than what we're able to do right now. But it's a good point. Thanks. It's just wanting to share that and those that that was very well received in the different countries were in retail and the stores. So we developed it first in French and the stores, like in Dubai and Italy etc, they say, Oh no, but we take this in French and just send us a label in English or in Italian, and we relabel it in our own language. That's fine. So they're ready to do very nice.

Speaker  404576:00
All right, anything else on the POS material topic or we talk to something about something else. Just,

Speaker  406277:20
I would second what Albert said it's like getting the stores to actually set it up and having not sit in the back room for almost the duration of the promotion is, is the trick I just find, like, any of this stuff is so hard to scale effectively, between production and packaging and shipping and getting it set up. And like, you know, you're off often offering some kind of discount, or you're paying for the space. Like, I just feel like it doesn't scale, and it's not always successful. Obviously, it's a great shot if it's the only shot you have, but I try to avoid these, like Flash retail promotions that are like, month long, just because the operational complexity and the likelihood of it being effective is, you know, is risky.

Speaker  417840:00
In my first career, I was doing marketing for brands in supermarkets like the Walmarts of France, and even when we were delivering, like big displays, like a full pallet size with with a nice price promotion on it, maybe, maybe a bit less than half the time this was never displayed in the stores. So we had to pay not just a sales force internal, but that go every day in shops to say, Hey, have you put the display in the in, actually the the main floor, or is it on the back? But we also had to pay like freelancers to come every day to check that, and also to refill that, because the source were not doing their their own job, and they were, at some point, they were even counting on the brands to do their work in terms of putting putting products on shelf again, especially, especially small products like makeup, because, you know, it's very little blah. But even cosmetics like face creams and stuff, they were not doing their own job.

Speaker  436752:00
Yeah, I guess that's rich. Why rich want to have his own stores in the future, right? Yeah,

Speaker  438005:20
I'm sitting here thinking I'm like, This sounds so incredibly difficult, but yeah, if you own, if you own, I mean, my vision is a very small retail location somewhere where there's a lot of foot traffic, but you'd fully control the displays, the branding, the marketing, everything you could have make it like an experience, but you describing sounds really hard

Speaker  443978:40
in terms of branding. It's, it's, it's much better. Then you deal with the holidays and sick days and little problems between employees because they hate each other. It's, that's yeah,

Speaker  447306:40
then you get Yeah, that's true. You got to deal with that. But like, at the end, like, like, people, do you guys that are doing Amazon and retail, is it worth it doing retail? It's what you just described. Sounds very difficult.

Speaker  451152:00
It's, I worked a lot with Michael on that, who helped me. I think the best sentence I have for this is, it's a, it's a high reward, high investment move versus we were. We're used on Amazon to do small, small efforts, high reward. All the time. We're changing a listing, doing a price, blah, blah, blah, Tiktok. It's small moves that can bring a lot, right? This is strategically on long term, I think, huge, but it requires a lot of time and efforts, and it's not immediate. It's to have to reach that level, and I'm still super small. It took two years already.

Speaker  462218:40
Also depends on the on the on your business model, right? Like, what are your margins look like? You know? What does your team look like? You have to have the time for it, that's for sure. I mean, at least big box retail, right? So not every retailer is this hard, right? Again, if you're shipping TJ Maxx, they're very they're pretty easy, relatively easy. The only thing that you would really need to set up is like EDI. But for the most part, other than that, it's a pretty simple process. Your warehouse has to, you know, palletize in a certain way. But like, there's not all this due diligence beforehand. There's no special promos. There's no compliance there, right? With the big box, it's a little bit more complicated, so you have to be, like, prepared for it. But the juice is worth the squeeze, depending on your margin, right? So, like, you could get a huge payday, if it makes sense, but it you have to put in the time and the work. And I was gonna say also terms, payment terms are a huge factor, right? Like, what are your terms with your manufacturers? What are your terms with your with with the retailer? If you're not going to get paid out for like, 180 days between, between the time that you place the order with your manufacturer and the time that you get paid for your order. I don't know. You know, it depends on your financials, what that looks like for you, right? So there's so many factors to take into account. You just have to look at each one and evaluate them. Oh yeah, the

Speaker  485328:00
cash is probably especially when you grow if you have, like, a big order at Walmart or Costco, whatever, that that can actually kill you, because that will squeeze your cash. You will invest everything there and then wait six months to be paid. But then, on the other, on the other side, you can, at least with the clients that are in good shape, you can factor that invoice, and for an okay price. You have some companies that actually pay you before, right? Of course you need to. You need to make sure that those clients are are well scored, because some retailers are also in not such a good financial situation.

Speaker  495226:40
And by the way, you'll, you'll hear like 70, at least 75% of people that have ever shipped Walmart will tell you it was, like, the biggest mistake of their life, like, don't do business with them, which is the most ridiculous comment and thing to say in the entire world. If you didn't, it means you didn't do it right, right? Like, if you lost money, you didn't do your due diligence properly, and what it takes to ship them, and you didn't charge, you didn't, you didn't quote the right pricing, you didn't, you didn't have the right operation, right so you can make a lot of money with these retailers. You just have to be extremely diligent about how you're doing it.

Speaker  505429:20
Plus one of that, I find that for Walmart, we make a lot more profit. And after the initial sales and set up and sort of getting your operations in place, the work is easy, right? They're picking the product up in our warehouse every single week. We've got it down to a science. You know, we do so little, I don't get the phone call, the email, your listings, down this that the other they literally come to our warehouse. They pick up pallets of product. I send the invoice, and we're done. And that's amazing. You know, getting there does take a lot of work, and you gotta have the infrastructure and the people and the knowledge, but Amazon's a real pain in the ass, and you do it for so little money at the end of the day, by the time they, you know, rape and pillage on every dimension. So I also think it depends on the product, right? Like products that can't go in big box or don't have a big box, type of appeal to me, don't sound that attractive, because the last thing I want to do is be sending a case here, a case there, a case there. You know, have 100 different customers who buy one case a month. Is just like a nightmare, right? That's just like emails and customer service and invoice and the box got damaged and, you know, this blah, blah. Like, it's just, it's just constant, you know, headaches. I think you really want to go and launch products that have the ability to scale to these, like, you know, basically only applicable to 10 retailers total, and that way, you're managing 10 accounts, and you're shipping 1000s and 1000s of units, and you're just dealing with sort of 10 points of contact and 10 points of frustration. So I think you really need to focus on products that scale and have that type of, you know, that type of potential, which I know, you know, at the end, I feel like you're dealing with sort of the next tier, right? You're not dealing with, well, you could be dealing with big box, but I think you're dealing with a lot of smaller customers as well, like you're mentioning some of these boutiques and stores and things like that. I mean, that's that can be hard to just scale because of countries and destinations and quantities and mOqs are low and all that

Speaker  538629:20
true. Well, I go, I go the distributor roads. So I have one distributor per country, and they, they're not free, free, but they deal with that shit. So I have one client, and they order in bulk, and then they deliver the one in France. He delivers any shops, even for one unit, if they want, of course, they have a they need to reach a minimum to have the delivery for free, but they can order one unit of this color, one unit of this color, blah, blah, blah, if they want. And that's, that's how they they operate. And this, of course, I don't want to do it myself, even at I have master cartons, usually at 20 units. I read when I was doing that direct I was reducing that to four units. Okay, one shop, you can have four or four or four units of this, four units of this, but this was still a pain in the ass, and very costly to operate from my own three PL now, the distributor does it?

Speaker  552437:19
Yeah, distributors are a good sort of way to avoid that, that stuff, but you have to bake in margin, right? You know, because, because everybody's gonna make money, the story's gonna make money, the distributor's gonna make money. You got to make money. So you're adding another layer of people who need to get paid in that in that model. So if you have the margins to absorb it, and that's a great solution, but if you, if you, if you don't, then that's a challenge as well. Job

Speaker  558154:40
at the end of the day, I think the margin to succeed on retail or to succeed on Amazon is roughly the same. I mean, with all the fees we have on Amazon, not yet and so on, you need huge margin now, I don't know for you guys, but so at the end of the day, I think I mean margin shouldn't be the first problem. I mean human resources, time resources, it's a pain. But for margin, I don't know for you, it's a small question. My belief is that Amazon or Shopify or WL sale, at the end of the day, we pay so much stuff.

Speaker  570213:20
Yeah, I find that I make more money selling to Walmart than I do to Amazon. Yeah, because, you know, you have the FBA fee on Amazon that you don't have with a Walmart, even if you're selling at wholesale cost. I mean, again, just like they're picking it up at your dock, by the pallet, you're not small parcel shipment. You're not, you know. So I just to reference, I sold a product on Amazon, and in a particular month, I think I was losing money on every sale, like low, low, low Call, call and break even. Like I was breaking even on my sales, I was making 40% on on that same exact skew selling the Walmart, and that's just because the product was a low priced item, which was not feather light, and so I was paying so much of my my my revenue in FBA fees, and then you get the occasional return, and add PPC and all that kind of stuff. Same exact skew, same exact product, same exact price point break even versus close to a 40% net margin. Yeah,

Speaker  588346:40
we have the same year with Decathlon, like 1000 shots in Europe. It's crazy with giving them the margin difference between them and Amazon. Alex,

Speaker  591706:40
don't you have returns on Walmart? How does Walmart handle that differently?

Speaker  593424:00
Insignificant return volume. Return returns are not actually like the piece, the biggest piece of the FBA fees and the PDC cost. So you, you wipe those out entirely with Wholesale, yeah, returns. It was a bad example. I don't have high returns. So it's not not convincible, but just those two things, and inbound cost, right? So inbound cost, FBA fees and PPC, you basically eliminate all three of those, if you can sort of set up, right? Yeah, they want you to run PPC on walmart.com, but, you know, they sort of just say it, and as long as you tick the box with a campaign here and there they they stay quiet about it. It doesn't really drive meaningful sales. And most of our products, most of our products are sold in the actual physical stores and not on the.com so we don't worry about that. I suppose if you were in a category that does a huge.com Business for Walmart, that might be more of a of a factor. But for us, it's not.

Speaker  608186:40
I always well for for quite a while, I thought that a good vision could be launching products on Amazon, refine the mix, refine the product presentation, refine the pricing, and once this is perfectly polished after six months one year, launch it in retail, as long as I have the retail already set up in place for for this exact reason you were mentioning, annex. Do you think that's something that would make sense for your business as well?

Speaker  616821:20
That's that's our our playbook. By and large, we launched products on Amazon with the intent to bring them to retail, we still will launch products on Amazon that we don't believe are retail fit because they're too niche or something like that, and they're better Amazon products. But when we are developing products, one of our criteria is like retail potential, and then furthermore, can we sell those products to our existing retail partners? Because that's a lot easier than starting blank slate with a new retail partner.

Speaker  625712:00
Alex, have you successfully How long have you been shipping Walmart, if you don't mind

Speaker  627088:00
me asking, we're coming up on a year. Oh, okay,

Speaker  627888:00
so I'm pretty similar to you. I was wondering like, have you successfully added any new products to your to your mod yet, or have you just been shipping while you've been shipping?

Speaker  630789:20
Yeah. So we started with one item in 600 something stores, and then we added a second item in a different department, and then we added a second item in our initial department. So now we have three SKUs, and we went from 600 stores to like, almost 3000 Nice, nice. Added new SKUs to our current department, a new SKU different department, and then increased door count once the test proved successful. And did

Speaker  638922:40
the different departments care that the brand was being successful in another department? Or they don't. They don't look at that. Yeah,

Speaker  641104:00
we actually got the referral from our initial merchant. So, like, in my mind, that's part of the strategy is like, get an item in and show success, and then you can go to that merchant and say, oh, you know, by the way, we just launched this new product. Like, would you mind referring us to your, you know, colleague and department XYZ, and you know, like, if you have a good relationship and you've proven to be good vendor, and your product is doing well, there's no reason they won't. At least, you know, provide the email intro to that other merchant and consider it. So that's how it happened. We are having a scenario where one of our products is not doing so well. It's more of a it's more of a factor of, like, it's a little bit more premium product, and it's a little bit more eco friendly of a product, and that doesn't drive perfectly in the Walmart audience. So it's a cleaning product in the toilet cleaning space. And, like, it's, it's more expensive than everything else around it, which are like made by Lysol and Clorox and all the names that everybody knows, and it's a more eco friendly product that requires a bit of education, which is really hard to do on the shelf. So one thing that's good about Amazon is that you can educate the customer through videos, through listing photos, through bullet proof, bullet, bullet, bullet. You know, bulleted content on the shelf. It's just like your product sits there. And obviously you do everything you can do to educate them on like a PDQ tray or on the actual product. But that's a hard it's hard to tell a story and do that, alright,

Speaker  665173:20
so for a cheap price, I saw now some brands putting on packaging on the front side face a QR code scan me here for blah, blah, blah. But now it's, it looks a bit ugly a QR code on the front face, but just for that reason, I guess,

Speaker  669386:40
yeah, but it's still, it's still like getting somebody to pull out their phone and scan and watch a video while they're standing in the aisle. It's like the take rate on that is going to be very, very, very low. And I almost think if somebody's willing to go that far, then they're willing to pick up the package and look at the back and like, get the next level of detail. It's just like, as they're walking down the aisle and a CEO come brand,

Speaker  674864:00
they don't scan everything. We put it on the on the side, on the POS, and she's the kind of stats we follow. This is, yeah, I think they get on to this year to date, we have sold something like 30,000 Yeah, 30,000 pieces, and we had like 400 scan. Yeah,

Speaker  682389:20
we have something similar. We have, like a free notification thing on one of our products. Yeah, every product, and like, the percentage of people who actually sign up are like, you know, probably 1% or something like that. So if that,

Speaker  686170:40
maybe yeah. So we did it to have, like a nice landing page, and to put the user manual stuff like that, so to be aligned with all the European regulation and stuff like that. But yeah, nobody's use it for the moment. Maybe it will change. Maybe, maybe it will evolve in the in the future. But for now, it's, yeah, not great results.

Speaker  692800:00
Well, it's well, it has changed a little bit since COVID, but indeed, before COVID, no one, at least in the western parts of the world, were using QR codes, or just geek people, whereas China, everyone is using it like 10 times a day. And now it changed a little bit. Now when you go to a restaurant, you're quite used to scan something to get the menu or things like this. But still, the usage is, well, you need to have a good call. Good call to action, right? It's not just click scan this for you'll see no you need to, have to catch the attention with an angle that that drives people, right. Yeah, right. Yeah.

Speaker  705088:00
Alrighty. Another challenge, guys on the that big topic of retail, I can share what I've been doing. Two weeks ago, I've been to a trade show in in London that I wasn't exhibiting, but I was visiting for the second year. And it's all my industry. So kitchen, kitchen accessories, all the retailers are attending. All the brands or distributors are are exhibiting. And my main goal was to to get a distributor in the UK. So I haven't progressed yet, but I have a meeting scheduled with one that is is interested. I He was on his booth. I showed him my products. He had his team with a sales rep, etc, and so I've been able to show the full stuff to his team, and he was getting feedback from people, from the team, from the field, Oh, do you think that will sell well in the UK, where blah, blah, blah and but connection, through connection, I was introduced to a distributor in China, actually. So I have a call with him tomorrow for they do traditional retail in China actually, like big, nice, nice chains that are able to sell that kind of products, plus the big the big players, T mall, all the big marketplaces that there are huge in China. So potentially, that's that's a big opportunity that I got just because I met a guy that had I did a call one one year ago to help me on retail. Finally, we never worked together, but we were in good contact, and I helped him on a small thing, and he helped me with that thing. So it's that kind of a lucky moments that I found Nice.

Speaker  736698:40
Yeah, it's always good to be out there and socialize or something interesting that shows up, yeah.

Speaker  738672:00
Plus, I had a few beers with my direct competitors at the end of the day. Actually, we landed at the same table at the cocktails. Hey, let's have a beer together. And then it has it with the head of sales. The brand is called black and blue. It's a very nice brand, much bigger than mine, and and the head of sales wrote me on LinkedIn. Hey, let's, let's talk after, after the show. So probably the guy is on the is on the look for a new adventure.

Speaker  746357:20
Yeah. Cool. Cool. Yeah.

Speaker  748154:40
Yeah, Etienne, didn't you do a post about you were at a trade show, and you came across people who copied your design.

Speaker  749770:40
Yes, supplier actually, who did copy? Well, it was, it was not my product design. He was his, but he copied my packaging, and even registered my own brand in China, or I tried to,

Speaker  754048:00
how'd you deal with that? Well,

Speaker  754592:00
I'm really not into violence. I think I fought only once in my life, but I could have killed the guy with my own hands in front of a large audience, and he was lying to my face so obviously and pretending it's all good and let's be friends, let's go drink some whiskey together. Kat, so I yeah, I was happy to behave in a very professional manner, but being super, super strict about it's, it's actually stupid what you're doing, because we're going to block all your exports, and by the way, you won't be able to exploit the brand in in China even, because, bam, bam, bam. And this all those designs, because you copied our packaging. So destroy it in front of me right now. I'm not leaving your booth, because before it's it's all destroyed. And I'm going to be there tomorrow and the next day, and the day after, I won't be there, but I will have a friend who will come and every day. And I did, and I did send some friends, actually a distributor of mine, the Swiss one I sent on the day I wasn't there anymore. Could you please go check if they still showing my my packaging and my design. Yeah, because they copied one of my designs in a shitty way. But still, they copied my patent in design. The mistake I made, though, is that I registered it in the US, in Europe, in UK, but not in China. And if, you, if you do patent design, do it in China, if you produce there, because as long as they're going to see volume, they're going to, they're going to try to copy you and maybe just sell it locally. But the local market is huge, so now I don't do the same mistake anymore, and I do patent design in China as well.

Speaker  783738:40
Yeah, that's smart. Yeah, it happened to be a Canton. I was looking for a new supplier, and I came across one, and there were my, my patented designs sitting there, and they apologized profusely that they didn't know that they made it. Someone sent them the design and said, make it for me. And anyway, it's very frustrating, and I think it probably happens all the

Speaker  789312:00
time. Another thing on design and Belen, please, uh, take it out from the recording if you're still there.

Speaker  790933:20
I am.

Speaker  791205:20
Thanks. You know this little brand,

Speaker  792133:20
of course, better brand everyone.

Speaker  792581:20
There's a better brand than this. This, this one, this one I prefer. And you notice you, well, I just, my kid just broke it, uh, this weekend. But this, this kind of flip straw on the top.

Speaker  795626:40
This is a sample. We know it. Yeah,

Speaker  796810:40
it's, it's exactly the same. So everyone has pretty much the same bottle shape in the market, and that's fine. But this, this flip straw, they have it, and I'm, about to launch it, but they don't have the design they did, and I patented the design. So it's still pending, because it takes a few months, depending on the on the on the country, to have it registered. But then I had, I had, like, 20 factories being able to do the bottle, and some of them doing being able to do that. And then I had one factory saying, hey, yeah, but we have, we are the patent owner. What? Show me the show me the documents. And they sent me the US, the UK, Europe and China documents say, Fuck, they actually did patent the design, the supplier themselves, and not the brand. So I'm, I'm forced to go with them, at least for the first batch, to have a letter of authorization or a license. Okay, we can use their their design patents under under my own brand. But the funny thing is that they don't produce for Stanley. So Stanley may be in a situation to have a copycat of a Chinese thing, which is quite fun.

Speaker  817088:00
Wow. Yeah,

Speaker  817696:00
that's interesting. Yeah,

Speaker  818768:00
now, but design is a design patent is, I wasn't professional enough in the in the beginning. And yeah, I should have,

Speaker  821312:00
I have a question for the group that is, like, tangential to retail, which is, Are people still sourcing products in China that you bring to retail? Because, you know, you sell something on Amazon, your costs go up. You can change the price in two seconds, right? You sell to retail, you're sort of living with those prices by and large. And if you're working with like a Walmart or somebody big, you can't just pass a price increase because the tariffs went up. So I've been, you know, pretty reticent to source products in China to sell to large retailers, just because of, you know, all the unknowns. Obviously, we're in an okay place at this moment, but as we all know, that could change, you know, next week, next month, whenever. So two questions in there. One is, Are people still sourcing in China? Without hesitation? Two, are you also doing that for products that you have, you know, a retail strategy or execution around?

Speaker  837520:00
Yeah, we're moving in production from China to Europe. Actually, we found a good manufacturer that can produce for almost the same price, and it's like 19 15% compared to 55% from China. So we're gonna we, yeah, it's drastic increase our margins if we, if we go there. So, but we probably going to replace some of our existing retail products with the Yeah, with this manufacturing in Europe, and also place order for new, apparent new skis.

Speaker  847834:40
Yeah, I post all my retail developments in the US, and my discussions with reps and agencies, distributor, etc, I pause say, let's wait until the funny guy makes up, makes up his mind, and then, then we'll continue. But I can't

Speaker  852240:00
keep in mind that if you want to, like, make an aggressive move, now is probably the best time to try to get a program in places that are really hard. If you can keep your price, I don't know you know what your manufacturing capabilities are, but if you're able to, you know, maintain your pricing or even offer something better in a in a downward time, it presents an opportunity.

Speaker  859157:20
Etienne, have you? Have you unpaused those conversations because things are, quote, unquote, you know, stable or adjusted, or are you gonna have them pause for the next three and a half years while Trump is president?

Speaker  862810:40
What's the unpause? It's the 55% that was announced on on Twitter,

Speaker  864752:00
it's 30. It's 30 plus the original ones from his last term. So he has probably around 55

Speaker  866512:00
well, okay, okay, yeah, no, I haven't done posted it since, uh, since last week. Honestly, I'm super busy, uh, still with the European ones, and Dubai and stuff. So, yeah,

Speaker  870261:20
rich, are you still sourcing? Are you moving stuff around? I think when I saw you in Vegas, you were sort of thinking about moving stuff. Yeah. So,

Speaker  872133:20
you know, MDS, we put on this little Vietnam sourcing trip, and there were three of us there, and I was there. So I went to Vietnam. Went to a trade fair, which is way smaller than the Canton Fair. It's like a fit. It's like a 20th 1/20, the size, but it was still a trade fair in Vietnam. Met with some sourcing agents. That's apparently the way to do it in Vietnam. So I am going to be moving some production to Vietnam, but it takes a while, like they have to kind of figure out how to make this stuff,

Speaker  879738:40
what type of one of our major issues with moving our our main product is that it's an electronic product, and that seems to be hard to do outside of China. So

Speaker  883872:00
yeah, there was, there was one electronics booth at the Vietnam trade fair, and they had, like, keyboards from the 1990s I was like, this is weird.

Speaker  886565:20
Yeah, springs in the angles like this.

Speaker  887333:20
I mean, it was really

Speaker  888421:20
so I just, you know, I don't source, well, I'm moving manufacturing for one of my brands to the US. I'm actually supposed to be shipping and tooling over this week. So I don't really source much in China anymore, but I was one of my the one I'm moving to the US. I also got a quote at a Vietnam which was, which was pretty good, but I just worry about the same like I don't, I don't see Vietnam as being too far behind in China in terms of, you know, the same existential threats to the American economy, you know, like, just the whole shtick of, of, you know, Trump or whatever. Like, I know that Vietnam has said, like, oh yeah, we're going to comply. We're this, we're that, you know, we're going to drop tariffs on in imports. But I don't, I don't see them, like, all that far behind, you know, crosshair, like, China has been been in. So that's my worry of like, moving production there is, like, you know, it feels like a game of whack a moles, like, as soon as you move production to Vietnam, three months later, you might have a big issue. And I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, but that's, that's just like my concern about staying in Asia and these relatively low cost countries, you're always going to be looking looking behind your shoulder, right? That's my

Speaker  907994:40
word. Yeah. So I think the answer is diversity. Just try to have a diverse supply chain. See if you can have India, Cambodia, Vietnam, China, kind of all. I mean, you got to be big enough to make that work. But the more diverse, the better. And

Speaker  912288:00
I would say, be creative with the rules you've seen the the Chinese factories naming the big brands that they were producing for on Tiktok a few a few weeks ago, like, Oh, your Lululemon pants that cost $150 we produce it for 10 blah, blah, and we are in This region, and this is our name, so the same, same for the for the like the bags, the luxury bags, like Dior, Chanel, etc. What they do, they we do bags as well, not as fancy, but what they do, they produce all the bags. They just add the last, for example, the that last piece, or just the logo. They add it locally, because you can be considered made in wherever. As long as it's it's not just 50% of the value that that is added there, but it can be like the most significant change that has been done on a on the product, for example, the supplements company, there's a lot that produce in India, and just package those in in the US, because, because, okay, packaging is a big part of your of your product. And okay, the lab is doing that very well in India, shipped by plane, and then does that. So I think, I think more, more and more categories will be creative in a way, okay, producing some parts in China, some parts in other regions, and then assembling those, either locally or in a country that is is not hit by such crazy tariffs

Speaker  936661:20
that lets you stay Made in USA, perhaps, but you still, like you still have to ship those parts from China into the US. True. True, true, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  938970:40
I would just worry about that. I mean, I don't. I'm not, I'm not an attorney. I think Rich is so maybe he can better answer this. But I think you're made in the USA. Claims like, there are very specific, you know, like, like, if you have a box made in the US, sorry, made in China, but the actual ingredients of the product are made in the US, I think you're okay there. You might even need to say, like, made in the US, with with imported parts or something like that. So I just especially as it relates to retail, if you're working with these big box retailers, you don't want to get caught with your pants down saying, like, something's made in the US, and if they require testing or authenticity or verification, like, you can get pretty screwed on that, you know,

Speaker  949584:00
nice. I need to leave, but it's great to catch up, and thanks for the good advice. Yeah, we

Speaker  951189:20
can actually wrap up to be respectful of each one's time. Thank you all for for being there. You guys received the invitations for the full year, right?

Speaker  954229:20
Yes, perfect. Cool.

Speaker  954661:20
Okay. Was great to was going to catch up. Don't hesitate. to post other topics you want to discuss for for next call or things you want to chat in the in the channel and thank you for them for the organization. Thanks,

Speaker  957568:00
guys. Appreciate it.
