MDS Expert Call with SHEIN
Date: December 02, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Not too bad. Just, you know, waking up here on the west coast a little bit and thank God it's not cloudy. But how are you?

Speaker  2048:00
I'm good. It is a bit cloudy here.

Speaker  2928:00
Where are you located? Again? I

Speaker  3344:00
am Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Speaker  3967:59
Oh, nice. Nice. Nice.

Speaker  4367:59
Yes, it is. How was your weekend, Thanksgiving and everything.

Speaker  5941:20
Not too bad, pretty long, but you know, always could be longer and just kind of make up for those calories that I've been eating all week. I would say, I wanted to say it started on Thursday, but I'd be lying to you that didn't start a year ago.

Speaker  11237:20
We can wait for just a couple more minutes. I'm going to let people know that we are here. Yeah, I

Speaker  18969:36
It's Hey, do you what are you going to talk about today? How is this going to go?

Speaker  24917:20
Oh, me, that all right, should I kind of kick it off? Are we waiting for a couple more people?

Speaker  26933:20
We can wait for maybe one more minute.

Speaker  27642:40
Okay, no worries. I guess I give general context of as far as, like, I guess kind of thinking about what you we talked about a little bit beforehand, but a little bit obviously about SHEIN marketplace, because, you know, that's part of our job, and that's what we kind of came to do. But at the same time, wanted to give a little bit of an insight as to kind of the new and upcoming marketplaces that are on the rise us being one of them, SHEIN marketplace, and as well as things like Tiktok shop and temu and maybe whatnot, and all the other ones that kind of are definitely on the rise and are can be an extension to your main core business, outside of your DTC website or even your Amazon to kind of see what these opportunities are, and kind of really erase away the perception of what we considered a cheap marketplace or a value marketplace, so kind of a little bit of that amazing.

Speaker  39941:20
Sounds great, yeah, okay, I think we can kick this off and I'm going to start recording right now. Yeah. Welcome everyone. Thank you Kevin for being here. He's going to talk about SHEIN and how we can stop thinking about cheap marketplaces as cheap marketplaces.

Speaker  46682:40
Thank you for that introduction, Belen. I guess I'll just do a really quick introduction for myself before I share my screen a little bit. Hi. My name is Kevin. I am the lead business development manager over here at SHEIN marketplace us. I oversee the categories of beauty, health, as of recently, food in Bev and as well as the pet supply category. So you can, I guess, think of me as the business development manager for everything that's not apparel related. But yeah. Today I'll be sharing a little bit about our marketplace and hopefully maybe sell you guys a little bit, obviously, but I'm not going to try to do too much of that. But also give you guys a little bit context on some marketplaces. Let me share my screen a little bit, yeah, and then hopefully my presentation doesn't bore you guys first thing in the morning for here, it's us on the West Coast, so we try not to be too slow, but at the end, I hopefully leave leave some room for some questions at the end, so that way can hopefully answer some misconceptions that we might have. Can you guys see my screen? All right, yes, perfect. You guys not seeing my Presenter View, right? That's the most embarrassing, huh?

Speaker  65232:00
Now it's just black.

Speaker  65616:00
Oh, it's just black. Yeah? Oh no. Let me have to stop sharing. Let me try that one more time.

Speaker  67712:00
Any thing with sound, if you do, there's like, special way to share the screen.

Speaker  69909:20
No sound. Okay, great. Just just my beautiful voice that I failed to get on. America's Got Talent. Continue to share. How about now?

Speaker  74693:20
No, just black. I think when you just select one one tab, it just doesn't share when you change it.

Speaker  77834:40
Oh, no, not difficult. Difficulties. First thing in the morning. I apologize everybody for this. Let me see documents, screens, desktop, two. Let's try this content. Only share.

Speaker  82048:00
Change it up. Great. What do you

Speaker  82960:00
guys see now? Do you guys see my screen where it says a giant SHEIN logo,

Speaker  83920:00
exactly. That's good.

Speaker  84576:00
Okay, perfect. Let me see this little do a little test. Run real quick view presenter, oh, there we are. Okay, cool. All right, everybody, I just want to say again thank you for joining the call today discussing a little bit about SHEIN marketplace and a little bit more about kind of Dispelling the myths about the discount market. Oh, apologies about that. We got a little buddy with us, the discount marketplaces, or AKA, what most people would kind of presume, what cheap online shopping. But for beauty sellers, specifically, since I more lead, more or less lead, the beauty and health sector, in regards to that, I can tell you a little bit about kind of what's going on at SHEIN and maybe get you guys up on board, but also kind of give you guys more context on how we can kind of develop your business outside of the general and traditional DTC marketplaces. So what that means is most of you probably considered SHEIN as kind of like the place to shop for what we call, quote, unquote fake items, or maybe low key, kind of cheap items. And this was kind of a little bit of my perception, too, when I first, kind of before I joined these marketplaces outside, from the outside perspective, but kind of as I kind of delved into it a little bit more, I realized that there was a lot of opportunity when it came to these different marketplaces that are up and coming and rising. So previously at before SHEIN, I was actually at Tiktok shop. I was one of the first 150 hires as the lead Business Development Manager for the beauty and personal care section, and as well as just eventually concentrating on the personal care business over at SHEIN, and eventually, while I was there, I kind of seen the rise of these new and up and coming marketplaces from overseas, Tiktok shop in particular, we saw Timu taking over with also like, the decline of like Alibaba, for example, and as well as, obviously SHEIN, right, and obviously, not to mention the other rising ones, such as, kind of like The ones that we already know, Walmart marketplace. And as marketplace and as well as eBay and even newer players like whatnot. But in 2024 we see that the global marketplace e commerce retail value is around $2.4 trillion and marketplace e commerce share of that total retail is around 64% so as we can see here, that these marketplaces have really big opportunity, not only in 2024 but as well as the up and coming years of 20 now, with Black Friday just passing and 2026 and the way I like to kind of conceptualize it is the fact that if you're not playing in each of these spaces, you're kind of your your competitors, or just the people even in this call will be in These as well to take advantage of these early marketplaces that we all wish, that we took advantage of when we were thinking about Amazon and all the other places that we wish we could sell that right? So where does that bring us a little bit about SHEIN, right? So SHEIN is one of the new and up and coming marketplaces that was established in 2023 as you all probably know SHEIN is a 17 year old company that was originally started as the fast fashion company, kind of took over, and in my opinion, dominated what we all used to love as fast fashion from Forever 21 even though we did partner with them, but we eventually kind of took over that king of what's easy go to fashion when it comes to all that good stuff. But as 2023 we've been expanding into the marketplace business and pretty much diversifying our product offerings in almost all the categories that are staple to marketplaces, being that electronics home and living and obviously with me being here in the beauty currently, today, we have over 150 million active shoppers, over 500 million downloads in apps, and both In apps, the iOS App Store and Google Play. And in 2023 we were the most number one downloaded app, which is really fantastic numbers where we can really gain the market share of our favorite audience, which is the Gen Z. And honestly, this would not be possible without repeat sellers like you guys, right? So with that being said, SHEIN is definitely one of the major players that are coming into the space where we kind of develop a marketplace where we see that a lot of our customers are wanting to man outside of the clothing business, and the next logical step is to have them offerings of buying stuff outside of a $4 mini skirt right next to, maybe I don't know, a mini clutch makeup bag or even a nice Versace fragrance, and we just wanted to offer a all in one shopping experience for not only your customer, but our customers. So that way we come together with third party sellers who have the inventory already readily available, which cause great business opportunity with here in the US. So yeah, that that is great opportunity when it comes to our marketplace and kind of really others. And as you can see here from this slide, we offer the four major pillars of the different categories, like I mentioned right. Number one is beauty. Two is sports and apparels. Number three, fashion, obviously, for home, home electronics is and we also offer a variety of different major brand licenses that you would probably love. Know, our sellers have really brought SHEIN marketplace to a high ticketed brands from all the way from Apple all the way to going to Dior and fashion. We started to really expand on what is considered quote, unquote cheap, and really just wanted to fill the demand of our customers wanting to buy quality products all the way from the high to the low. We we know who we are, to be honest with you guys, we know we're definitely not Bloomingdale's and we're not trying to compete with them, but at the same time, we also know that we're not trying to compete with TJ Maxx on the quote unquote low cheap customer items, but similar to Amazon and Walmart, we're offering our customers the branded products they want conveniently just a click away from a $4 skirt. So as you can see here, we have many different varieties from a lot of your favorite brands, obviously very heavily penetrating in our fashion realm, which we are, which was our core business. But as we kind of grew over the last couple years, we started working with different partners and different three piece sellers who offer a variety of standings when it comes to these branded products, and we're seeing our customers really kind of adopt spending a higher value spend on our website, rather than just kind of going towards what we consider the lower ticket items. But who are these customers and why should you guys kind of care thinking about this going on SHEIN marketplace? Well, let me tell you a little bit about our SHEIN customer demographics. SHEIN is one of the biggest US leaders when it comes to the Gen Z shopping experience, according to some of the research I did an hour ago or chat, GBT and Google, 40% of Gen Z consumers have purchased from SHEIN at least once a month. To be more exact, 99% of that 40% of Gen Z population are female shoppers, and you've probably seen your daughters, your nieces, and probably even your neighbors have a SHEIN package right in front of their porch. And that's the crazy part, even though, although myself, I'm not the biggest SHEIN shopper I know within my immediate circle, and at least from anecdotals, I've heard people have boughten on SHEIN within the last two to three years, guaranteed, and it's just a really quick, easy way for you to get something where it's nice and easy and nice quick. And with the offering of marketplace, we're now offering our customers an opportunity to open up all different categories, where we're not just allowing clothes, but just everything in between, right? So over 65% of our customers are actually between the ages of 18 to 29 setting the foundation for the next generation of shoppers with disposable incomes, making us millennials and Gen Xers, what these Gen Gen Zers and even the Gen Alpha calls, quote, unquote unks, which I just actually learned last week, and I this whole time. I thought it stood for uncle, but according to my 14 year old niece, it stands for uncool. So here we are millennials and Gen Xers, but at the same time, if they're willing to spend money on marketplaces and your guys's brands, I'm happy to be called UNK all day long, right? So which brings us to my favorite category as a prime example of how our sellers are really, kind of expanding outside of what the low value item marketplaces are and where they're spending the most money are. And here at SHEIN, beauty and personal care is our actually best case studies to show that our customers are actually buying items worth between 50 to $100 kind of really Dispelling the whole notion of cheap marketplaces and cheap products on the platform, as you can see here in some of these charts. That I can't give you too much information, obviously, without getting in trouble with my HR, but I just want to contextualize some of the information that I have here. The fashion category, actually, as you all know, is was the number one category here on SHEIN marketplace. In total, it contributed 48% of total GMV during 2024

Speaker  226768:00
however, as we kind of advance a little bit more and have our categories grow slowly over time, with not only more sellers, but more products as well, beauty and health as of last month, recently, now holds that title of holding between 42 to 45% of that GMV market share within our total marketplace. So we're seeing phenomenal growth in regards to our beauty. And some of you might think like that makes sense, and to us it did too, right where we saw that when 99% of our demographic are female shoppers, the next logical step is the beauty category, where it's an adjacent product, where they can not only buy the clothing, but also feel good in the clothing that they want to so that's why we put a lot of our investments towards the beauty category, and with year over year, growth of the marketplace, the average ASP of our beauty products sold On SHEIN is $40 now compared to it's $15 upon our first year of launch. So we're seeing really heavy customer demand in regards to what our customers are willing to spend a lot of their money on. As you can see here, 70% of SHEIN beauty customers are willing to spend up to $50 of skincare or even personal care in general, and 60% of our customers are willing to spend around 50% on percent around cosmetics. So as you can see here, we are no longer the what people perceive to be as the discount marketplace that we are. We were before, at least, to be honest with you, but as of all marketplaces, you'll see that very early on, there is a heavy penetration as far as any sellers who can pretty much supply the marketplaces with product. But as we kind of develop ourselves every year, we want to kind of position ourselves in the marketplace, or in just the market overall, where we provide the product specifically to the demands of the customers, right? And our studies show that this increase of customer spending was relative to the increase of branded product offerings available on our website. So if you're a seller who has different brand products that you typically sell on Amazon or on eBay or on Walmart marketplace, it's also a similar kind of business model when it comes to the SHEIN marketplace as well. Customers on us, on our SHEIN marketplace are willing to spend the extra dollar on a marketplace as long as they know what that product is. So whether you be a well established brand owned by LVMH, or you under the more kind of affordable products under Unilever, we have those products available onto us, but and on top of that, our customers are what I like to kind of profile as the Thrifty customer, where they're looking for a good value buy on our platform, even though, at times, it may not be the price that they're looking for, whether it be lower or higher, as long as they know that product, that customer consumer behavior is the willingness is still on these marketplaces, and we see that this is a lot more attractive to our customers than Non branded products that you would kind of typically see just that you would just buy from generic, off branded things from Momo Q, or this and that, or a, B's, Y, Z brand. And I'm just making stuff up at this point, but you kind of get what I'm going at, the more likely that these branded products are sold are more likely due to the fact that they're willing to be spent on this platform. So in conclusion, we see that Gen Z customers are, by nature, value customer shoppers, as they barely enter the workforce, as we all probably know within the last 10 years. So if you think about it, 2015, is when the First Gen Z or turned 18 years old, which they were legally allowed to work here in the US, and their spending power has recently just entered a stage where growth is looking for per purchasing as they kind of become the millionaires of tomorrow, right? So with the majority of the Gen Zers and even some of the Gen alphas barely having more, having disposable income on the platform or not platform in general, they are spending, trying to spend less and looking for value proposition platforms like us, but at the same time, come to their surprise, they'll find high value ticket items that they normally would think they would get a discount on, because they see our promotions and our campaigns and spend that extra money that they have that are available, rather than going to physical shopping, as we all kind of heard left and right Over the last past years, the death of retail, the death of malls. That is somewhat true, given my experience in both Tiktok shop and here here at SHEIN, but we see that customers already on these platforms are willing to shop for these third party products once it's readily available to them. And luckily, there's three piece sellers, just like you guys who are ready to kind of supply that. And let me give you guys some prime examples of what that kind of looks like on our platform. So here are some high ticket beauty items from both Sephora and Nordstrom that you guys have probably seen in store there that are also sold here on SHEIN. Our first example is a three ounce bottle of crystal noir OODA toilet that retails that's for around $128 but here on the left, as you can see, we have one of our sellers listing it around 50 ish dollars. Your initial thoughts must be, oh, is it fake? Or did someone steal it off a truck? Now we actually work with sellers who can offer us their best pricing and stack it with their platform discounts to ensure that their customer finds the best value for the products that they want. On our platform, we do not accept any sellers who can't provide brand authorization from the brand themselves or purchasing invoices from an authorized distributors. So these products are entirely legitimate, and this definitely could be you, if you guys have a brand of your own that would like to kind of sell on SHEIN and really kind of diversify and expand your guys audience over to the Gen Z. You're probably wondering, why? What if my brand isn't as large as Versace or coach it? Well, here we have up and coming brands on the platform as well, as you can see here we have training Tiktok brands like Patrick Star beauty of Joseon, which is a major K beauty brand, and TOCOBO. These are not as popular here in the US, but they are solely on the up and coming, right? They're not owned by one of the major parent brands, but we do offer opportunities for up and coming sellers to really who have established themselves on other marketplaces, to also have that visibility on SHEIN as well. We encourage brands and sellers to think of SHEIN marketplace more as not necessarily their core business, but more or less an extension to that core business, and really a great way to get visibility to an audience that they might not have tapped on on Amazon or Walmart. So

Speaker  330885:20
apologies. Having little

Speaker  333513:36
apologies. Everybody having a little technical difficulty.

Speaker  335769:36
Hey, Belen, what do you see on my screen. Just curious.

Speaker  339696:00
Hello. Sorry about that, guys. Let me reshare a little bit. I'm

Speaker  343381:20
sorry about that. Guys, slides weren't clicking to the next one. Let me relaunch it for you guys. All right, I think we're back in action. So apologies about that technical difficulty, guys, but what does that mean? So for all you guys, well, this is part of the job that I have to tell you guys a little bit, but I hope you guys don't mind what that means. Hopefully contextualizes a little bit about what what I'm talking about in the sense of these marketplaces. So here's a quick sponsored out of the portion of the call. If you're looking to grow your brand faster than ever, SHEIN is one of those marketplaces where you definitely need to be the global shopping destination that puts all your products in front of millions on ready to buy customers on SHEIN marketplace, you just don't get a storefront. You get an entire growth engine. We're talking about customizable storefronts that showcase your brand on your way social media, social media placements that put you in front of millions on YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, Tiktok, the social media. We have it digital ads that really drive conversion, not only through email followings and but campaigns as well externally, outside the website. And if you want direct engagement, we have app push notifications, targeted email marketing and even live streams to connect with shoppers in real time. SHEIN marketplace gives brands the tools and the audience to give the visibility to scale fast, really, in all in one place. Thank you for allowing me for that quick add. But what does that mean exactly for you guys? Essentially, right. How do you guys get started, as far as getting on marketplace, if you're not already available, one easy thing, way I really like to think about, and you guys already probably know this is leveraging the different ways you can put your products onto the platform. As I know specifically this is tailored for SHEIN, as you probably see here, but it's a good visualization, as it still really holds true for most of the marketplaces that I've worked with, at least, or at least it should with a new marketplace popping up every day. Third party solution providers are also popping up everywhere. They make it really super easy to plug and play all those hours and dollars you spent making your Shopify worth quitting your nine to five job right, not only at SHEIN, but other marketplaces are investing heavily into these partnerships to make your getting your store and these products up and live so they can make money off of you, and you can make money as well, right? It's a give and take symbiotic relationship with that being said, how that benefits you in some of these ways, is these position providers have had, have contracts with these major marketplaces already, and at times, they offer you better rates than if you were to reach out on your own. I recommend taking advantage of these gold rush age of marketplaces by starting to plug in your Shopify, your WooCommerce, or whatever it is you have set up for your DTC website to maximize your business visibility everywhere you're everywhere else that Google Search cannot right. The way these marketplaces are set up are definitely pay to play. So yes, you will have to buy a referral fee from us and many other marketplaces. And yes, you will have to pay X amount of dollars for per SKU, per upload, but at the end of the day, the benefits for places like SHEIN, tiktokshop, Timu, whatnot so forth, is set it and forget it. These marketplace will not take $1 from you until you make $2 off of that, meaning you can have your inventory sitting up on a marketplace, and once you have it listed and ready already set up, sales are being made passively while you focus on your core business, on your DTC, or even your retail brick and mortar, and your inventory will not get pulled from your online website until from these other marketplace channels until a sale is made. And what makes it dramatically easier is due to the fact that everything is all set in one place, right, with everything connected to your Shopify. Inventory management, in theory, should be massively convenient if set up correctly, so that way, you have one single source of truth point from one warehouse to avoid any inventory allocation hiccups or crossovers or overselling, right? So unless you want to do what we have right here in the middle of a custom integration and pay engineers to connect custom endpoints between your engineers and our engineers, or whatever marketplace engineers, I recommend utilizing any Shopify connection as it will save you not only a a bunch of money, but as well as time, and as we know, time and seasonality is really important on these marketplaces when it comes to brand products. So we want to be able to focus on minimizing the amount of time for setup, and rather focus more or less on getting your products ready to go when there are marketing promotions and campaigns, so that way we can drive traffic and availability to your product. Specifically with that being said, we they try to make it as easy possible, and we want to get it as easy as possible for you guys. So that's that's kind of how it goes. And looks like my last slide was accidentally deleted, but that actually brings me to the conclusion of my little presentation here, I'm happy to kind of discuss a little bit more, if you guys have a little bit more. Little bit more questions. At the end, I was supposed to have this last slide saying our email to kind of reach out. But yeah, if you guys have any more questions, please reach out to us at partnerships at SHEIN. SHEIN group.com we're happy to kind of help assist you. If you guys have any qualifying questions, I will be honest with you. At the moment, we are only accepting certain sellers onto the platform who meet a certain criteria. With that being said, we're happy to discuss to see how we can try to make it work if there is some sort of alignment there for you guys. But regardless of the point, whether it be SHEIN, whether it be TikTok, whether it be temu, whether it be Walmart, Amazon, I think the point here that I really want to drive home is due to the fact of getting on these marketplaces really early on is kind of the key driver for a lot of new and emerging businesses that we see in the modern age. Right? We see even AI capitalizing on these opportunities, and the amount of calls we've even gotten here where an AI company wants to work with us implement their new, I don't know, try on tool or leveraging ways to streamline our work operations. Technology is definitely there when it comes to improving the marketplace. And the last thing you want to be is the last person jumping on these marketplaces, while others have years of experience already and years of sales history, performing on these marketplaces while getting left behind. So although the perception now is that these are value, quote, unquote value, fake marketplaces, eventually, all marketplaces are striving to be what we consider the next Amazon or, if not, being the next SHEIN, TikTok shop, Timu, whatever you want to be there early on as possible. So that way you have a good record and good reputation with a lot of these marketplaces. So that way when it comes time to you to really perform on these marketplaces, you're not you're not left behind. And that's pretty much what I got in regards to what share with you guys. I'll guess. I'll pause right there, if anyone has any questions for the last five minutes or so,

Speaker  457285:20
all right, never. No questions is fine with me too.

Speaker  458885:20
No questions. Is good too. It means you are really clear. Okay, thank you all so much for coming today, and we can leave the email here. It was, partnerships, partnership or partnerships, parts,

Speaker  462938:40
Cindy, do you? You know, have the email that we have available for them?

Speaker  464112:00
Partnerships with an S, with an s at it's a SHEIN.

Speaker  466336:00
It can be@shin.us

Speaker  467216:00
Okay, perfect. I just left it there in the chat, in case you need to reach out to them for any reason. Thank you so much, and looking forward to seeing you soon.

Speaker  470773:20
All right, thank you everybody for taking the time today.

Speaker  471797:20
Thank you guys. Bye, bye. Enjoy the rest of the good day. Bye.
