GMT20250110-210621_Recording
Date: January 13, 2025

Speaker  00:00
This topic.

Speaker  688:00
This topic is, obviously, you know, not financial advice. Just don't want to get myself in trouble or anything like that, and it's very high risk. I mean, this is, you know, if you're a responsible investor, and you know you're looking for responsible, you know, financial suggestions, this is definitely, like the worst meeting for you to to take seriously or be a part of. This is very speculative, very momentum driven. And, you know, I mean, it's, it's very hot right now. So, just as a little background, I think, I think this cycle, these mean, coins always have the cycle. There was a big one in 2021, during COVID. There's a big one now, mainly because kind of this administration, you know, after Trump was officially announced as the winner, this administration is very pro crypto. So it kind of started this new super they call them super cycles and the meme coins. So that's, that's what started now, and Solana is kind of the leader in the past, was Ethereum now. Now, Solana is kind of the leader of these coins. That's, you know, and how they choose the leader. The leaders really, where all the liquidity is coming into and a lot of the liquidity is coming to Solana coins now, uh, Ethereum gets a decent amount still. So some people still trade Ethereum coins. There's like a new one, hyper, hyper liquid or something that people started trading, trading coins on there too. Uh, I'm no expert in those. I did some Ethereum ones in 2021, that was the leader of that gun. But I've been mainly doing Solana ones and just, you know, this credibility in my P, L, since I started doing these Solana coins for the last 60 days is like $400,000 I'm up $400,000 so that's kind of like my knowledge base. I do feel pretty confident in, you know how I analyze all of these. But also super cycles, usually. And meme coins, they have about a four to six month lifespan. And since this started around November, so we have November, December, January, we're con we're coming close to the end of it. So that's another thing to keep in mind. You know, just you could always look at the liquidity and the volume to kind of analyze how active these immune coins are. But if I, if I had to predict what, how long you have, you probably have another three four weeks to really take advantage of this. After three four weeks, I would say, focus on on the bigger players and cryptocurrency, like Bitcoin, Ethereum. Solana, I don't think those are not going away for a very long time, but this, the Super Cycle it's probably ending soon, even though, you know, we have to see what this new administration says. You know, Trump comes out really hot, deregulating crypto, saying no, no capital gains on any crypto. You know, he says a lot of if he passes a lot of crazy laws, the cycle can last maybe 12 to 15 months instead of, you know, four months. So that's to be determined too. But do keep in mind that in the past, most super cycles, they probably lasted about about four months. Okay, yeah, so that's just a general thing to keep in mind about these and some of my favorite tools to use. So let me share my screen. Okay, I

Speaker  58293:20
have to move in here. I

Speaker  61498:40
Okay, how do I some reason I can't share a specific Chrome tab window. Okay, maybe I could delete this. Okay, you guys see my deck screener? Yes, yeah, okay, yeah. So this is usually, like, you know, I would say the go to you. I usually use it on my phone, not even on my computer, but to kind of analyze momentum and stuff like that. One thing I would tell you always avoid is like this trending, like, anything that's like, usually yellow, trending and stuff like that, people are paying for that. So, as you know, in the in the cryptocurrency community, rug pulls, I would say 95% of anything that's trending or being paid for over here, in this, in this tab is usually a rug pull, so I would kind of try to avoid it. But you could always kind of, you know, you could go to gainers in the last 24, hours, six hours, to kind of see where the momentum is going. So, you know, I that's, that's one way to do a little bit of research. It's probably like my least. Favorite way. A lot of people just, you know, you could browse that screen or get comfortable with it, but that's one of the important tools. The most useful tool that I found recently has been Twitter, actually, well, not Twitter, but like acid dash and Twitter too. So for example, let's say

Speaker  86853:20
which screen are you seeing right now? Because I'm not sure

Speaker  87989:20
we're seeing Twitter.

Speaker  88277:20
You're saying Twitter. Okay, yeah. So there's a page called whale launch right? And their app is better. I just can't share my screen from the it's a phone app. We could download their phone app. It's free. And why? Why? This is really useful with meme coins. It shows you where, you know, they kind of send their alerts all the time. So if you want to see, you know what, what are the big Smart Money individuals, you know, buying in the meme coin space, you could always kind of go through this daily. And I would say it's almost like going to the thrift the thrift store, right? So even, even with this a lot of smart money, sometimes either they'll try to manipulate people, so they'll try to, like, make you buy something just they'll organize together and say, like, hey, let's buy this one thing. Everybody's going to flock to it. So it's not necessary that if, if whales of big money is buying a certain ticker, it's going to be successful. But I would say maybe 20% of these have potential. So if they're buying it, and especially if you see that it's not all at the same time, but you kind of like looking throughout the day people are accumulating this, then you could usually tell that, you know, it has potential. Or a lot of the times, like, I'll give you an example, like citadel. Already know what this is. This has been around for about a month. This is a pretty good project. So this is associated with Griffin. Griffin is an AI project. Citadel is like an AI agent that you know, it's like a hedge fund AI agent. So sometimes you'll see projects that already kind of took off, and they they're called Blue Chips. So you're not necessarily going to have a 10, 20x play, but if you want to, if you want to have some exposure to me, coins that are safe, these are the type of coins. So let's, let's take an example, right? So we see this Griffin whale bought $6,000 worth of Citadel, and it's 31 $31 million market cap. So that's, that's another thing to always approach with these, I would say, anything that's over ten million in market cap, and if it's been around for at least a week, you're pretty safe with that one, like, it's not, you know, it's not going to rock pull where this is going to go to zero. It's already like an established project. And those typically are the ones I like more. I like something that's already been proven established. Because the way I've been playing it, I've been kind of going heavy. I think that's how you win big, like, because if you put like, $100 there, $200 there, kind of try to get, like, find something that will just take off. It's very rare to make interesting amount of money from it. So usually, the way I like to play it, I do like, very deep research, and I try to find something that's already over ten million market cap, and I go heavy trying to do like a six to 8x play. So, like, I'll be happy with a six to 8x because, let's say I put $20,000 into, you know, I feel like Saturday, I can go to 100 million. I put $20,000 into it. It does a 5x it's $20,000 to $100,000 so I'm pretty happy, as opposed to a lot of people with me coins. Sometimes they'll try to find, like, for example, a project like this. I have no idea what this is, over here Hawaii, it's $500,000 market cap. I mean, like, a whale just bought it, but 99% of the time something like this is just gonna go to zero, you know. So a lot of people, they'll be like, Okay, let me throw $500 into this. Maybe it's going to go 100x you know, I'm going to make 50k but I'm not a fan of that strategy. It's more like playing the lottery. And, you know, mid coins, in a lot of ways, are almost like a casino lottery. But there is a strategy like, you know, you could establish a pretty reliable strategy. Where your odds of winning, I would say, go from like 10% odds of winning to maybe like 70% so that's also a rule of thumb. Like, try to go for an established project, and let's, let's run it. So like, let's say this. This looks interesting, right? Okay, was a huge project. It's, it's a $2 billion market cap associated with pudgy penguins. If anybody knows nfts, so a whale, from there, a whale is usually someone that's at least top 100 holder. So a pretty wealthy, or, you know, big crypto individual, put $2,000 into this. So. We can take this. We can go back to

Speaker  161472:00
text screener.

Speaker  162288:00
You search, you search this.

Speaker  164144:00
So we hit on this.

Speaker  165072:00
Okay, so I mean, since they bought it already, because it was, what, 500,000 so already went up 2x So good job to the way of the bought it, they already up two times. You're

Speaker  167429:20
mostly focused on market cap, it seems like. Is that what people pay attention to these days?

Speaker  168469:20
Yeah, market cap, I think, is the most important metric, just because it gives you an idea of how established the project is and your potential for return on your investment, right? Because, if something is already, like, pudgy penguins, like, if you buy Penguin, it's already $2 billion market cap. I mean, maybe you can make a 20% return, right? Like, it's already $2 billion like, how much? Like, how much more can you make? And it's not interesting enough, right? Like, I wouldn't play something like that some, I mean, something like this, right? It's, right now it's $900,000 market cap. But if we do some deep research, and we're like, when we see a tremendous amount of potential, which I really doubt in this case, I mean, 99% chance this is, this is a bad project, but you know, that becomes interesting, right? Because if you go from a million dollar market cap to even 10 million, you 10x your money. So market capital would say is, is one of the most important metrics. When it comes to this, you really have to analyze the market cap is as like you know the initial decision if you want to even research the project, if you if you want to look further into it. You could also see over here on duck, Sweden, when it was created. So this was created two hours ago, a huge red flag, you know, really fresh. The possibility that this goes to zero right now is like a 90% chance, like, super risky, small market Kat. So if you want to dive further into, like, seeing what happens over here on the top, you could paste the contract address. This is the contract address, and then we could go to bubble maps. So bubble maps, it kind of gives you an idea about insiders, and I can send all these links later and in the chat, so you want to put the address in bubble maps. Oops, oops. We came and find it because it's so fresh. But usually, like, after two, three hours, it should appear there. But bubble maps, if we take a different example, let's say like, LLM like the one I was just investing in, large language. Yeah, that's it okay, like this one I was investing into it. So, um, you kind of get an idea of how rigged the project is, because you see, you see the holder accumulation, and it's usually a really big red flag if you see huge, colorful bubbles that are connected to each other, because that means it's a group of people that are manipulating the supply, and they're just basically distributing it across like hundreds of different wallets, but they all own the walls, right? So it might look like the distribution is healthy, but in reality, it's probably gonna, it's gonna rug on you, because if someone has a huge part of the supply at any point, they could just, you know, sell it all, and your position is down 40, 50% but this is an example of something with healthy distribution, because, like, when you look over these bubbles, if you click on it, the blue Bubbles is less than 1% of the supply. This is half, half a percent of the supply. This is a point 3% of the supply. So these are the biggest accumulations. You know, when you combine all of them, they have about maybe two and a half percent of the supply. And this is a huge project. So, you know, this is something that I was making a lot of money on in the last few days. And this, this was a big metric for me. I wanted to make sure that the distribution was kosher. You want to make sure no one is manipulating the holding of the of the project. So bubble maps is one of my favorite tools for that.

Speaker  228912:00
There's also another one called holder scan.

Speaker  229877:20
So holder scan

Speaker  230533:20
is another very important metric. So let's see if we can actually pull this new one that just popped up. No, usually, yeah, and any new project, if it's less than, like, five hours old, you probably came and find it here. So that was a bad example to start with. But if we go to, LLM, yeah, here, so this is the large language model over here, you could kind of, you kind of get an idea of, like, what's happening. So this is pretty healthy to me, right? Even though there is a drop down recently, which is a little bit of red flag. I mean, it's not a huge. Drop down. But since this, this whole thing was initiated, um, you kind of like filtered by different things. You kind of see that here, this was the eighth, the ninth, the 10, like, yesterday's the 10th. So you see that the holder count overall is growing at a healthy amount. So when you combine those two things, when you look at the bubble maps, and you look at the holder scan, so if the distribution is kosher, if the holder count is pretty steadily going up and with no significant declines, I mean, you might want to keep an eye on on this, something like this, because once you start seeing a little bit of red, you want to make sure that it's not dropping down rapidly, because if the whole account is dropping down rapidly, that means liquidity and momentum is slowing down, so it becomes a riskier investment. But those have been two pretty good tools for me to make sure that, you know, I'm minimizing my risk by investing in a certain mean coin. Yeah, so I think those, those two things have been like the most widely used parts for me. Going back to where am I sharing? Okay, going back to x so, yeah, I would always go through whale watch if you really want to find a momentum play and like, seeing, like, you know what, what's being what's being invested in now. And as I said, download the app, because the app has an update like every second, basically, of like, what they're selling, what they're buying. So it's a lot more detailed. It's a free app, acid dash. But let's take another example, right? So let's say you're looking at this one citadel. So even this one is interesting, right? So this was already 14 million. So this is something that I would personally be like, Okay, let me check it out. It's 14 million is already a lot of momentum. You also want to see who's investing. So this is kind of like a general knowledge, but a AI, 16 Z, that's the largest, I think the second largest, AI project on Solana. It's like 1.5 billion market cap. So if you have a whale from a very trustworthy project, AI 16 Z, putting $20,000 into a pretty new coin, it seems like 14 million market cap limbo. That's interesting to me, because that means smart money is buying it, and it's a fairly new project. Maybe this is a five to 7x play. So if we go back to let's go back to deck screen.

Speaker  281509:20
Let's see what Limbo is,

Speaker  282357:20
okay, kind of tell this is like an AI agent or something. You could also read about the projects here. So when you go to duck screen, you kind of want to read about it, do your due diligence. You want to see the chart history. So filter by like four hours. When was this launched? Oh, this is old. So this is one month old, interesting. So this is an H project, definitely not a scam. So you know right away, you know, it's been around for a while. It's not a scam. You want to look at the volume. The volume is very important, too. So we look at the volume here, and this is, this is not great to me. So this is kind of a red flag, because 1.3 million in volume is fairly low. Because, like, if we go back to, like, alum that I've been trading the last few days, and you look at the volume here, 56 million, right? So this tells you there's an insane amount of money coming in and out of this project. And so that means it attracts, you know, attracts more money. It's, it's trending, because a lot of money is going in there. People are talking about on x, it's getting a lot of attention. So volume is very, is a very important metric to if, when you're deciding to invest into a project. So going back to the other one, which was, what was the name of the other one? Was limbo. Okay, yeah, so this is, this is a red flag for me, very low volume. And you kind of see the green candle here. I mean, I don't know if you guys are good with charts or anything. I think this ring candle was mainly good filter here. Also like purchases with USD i Yeah. So it was probably this, this guy from Ai 16 Z people have been investing into it in the last hour. So something is happening here. I mean, obviously there's some kind of new interest in this. It's been kind of flat until here 2025 it picked up a little bit. So if you want to find out about more, like what's happening, you can literally go here, search on Twitter, search limbo. And you guys still you see, you see x right now on your screen. Yeah. Okay, all right, so you took. Really want to see the top posts first, because that gives you the most engaged ones. That's how you do your due diligence to see what's going on. There seems to be some interest. This seems like a gaming AI project, which is very popular right now. These are older posts. This is December. This is from two hours ago. Let's see, this is like today's game, which this is showing you, said, limbo. I think they will Okay, so this is, this is speculative. This people are anticipating news today the game, which is a big publisher, 200,000 followers, someone is expecting big news to come out about limbo, being an AI agent. So, you know, that's how you start digging. Like, you know, why are these whales buying it? To give you my personal opinion, I wouldn't buy something like this just because it's, like, it's this is, like, highly speculative. People expecting news low volume. It's been around for a while, so I don't know how much more money you can make, but I guess if the news is going to be groundbreaking in my 10x but I wouldn't feel calm. I wouldn't feel comfortable throwing like $20,000 into a play like this, just because I have no idea what's going on this. This is an ad, by the way, so don't think I'm searching anything like this, but, but, yeah, so this is an example of something I would invest in. It's, it's very kind of like speculation, not, not something that I would consider. So if we go look at another one, well, watch, okay, so not another AI 16, Z, again, very low market cap. So, I mean, let's see. Okay. So listen, $1.39

Speaker  347610:40
million market cap. Let's see what's going on here.

Speaker  349402:40
Can't even find it.

Speaker  350618:40
Listen, no,

Speaker  351978:40
this is a red flag for me, because it can, can fine. Is it this one? It doesn't even have an image or anything. It seems to be this one. Okay, yeah, so 1.6 million. It was launched 16 minutes ago. Huge red flag, you know? I mean, if something is like so fresh, the chances you're going to get rugged, those are going to go to zero. Is like, so high that, you know, you're just, you're in the casino, you know, you're just, like, you're literally playing, what are like, the requirements

Speaker  359205:20
that you're looking at right now, like, pair created market cap volume. Like, what right does that kind of make sense to you? Yeah,

Speaker  361781:20
so, I mean, the very first thing, obviously, you want to see the market cap, and it's going up. Now, people are a thing into it. So there is some kind of momentum going so market cap, first, you know, you want to make sure that, you know, there's enough money volume. So market cap volume, you know, this one already has more volume than the previous one. We looked at 3.5 million. You also see the trades live going here. So you kind of get an idea of, like, how active the volume is. Um, it was care created at six man. I want to see how long, how old the project is. This is, like, super fresh. I have no idea what's going on here. I mean, this could be, this could go to zero, like the next five seconds. I wouldn't be surprised. So this is, you know, that's when I would kind of dive in and see what are people people saying on x. So we'll go back to X. What are people saying about Listen, Okay,

Speaker  377077:20
listen, even this guy's like, high risk,

Speaker  378085:20
yeah, 65 pressure, yeah, 65% chance of a rug, yeah. So something like this, I would avoid, yeah. I mean, unless you're trying to, like, really take a flyer and, like, oh, maybe this is, this will 100x let me put $100 into it, if it's 100 if it's an 100x plane, maybe. But this, like, this is very suspicious. Like I was saying, this is, like, a huge red flag. I have no idea. Red flag. I have no idea what's going on here, and I'm gonna avoid

Speaker  385584:00
it. Yeah. Do you set any limits? Or, you know, trailing stops? Or, you know, you buy these things and you're like, Okay, do I have to stay up all night waiting for Oh yeah?

Speaker  388384:00
Or, yeah, so, yeah, so another thing, yeah. So you go on juke.ag. If you guys haven't traded these, so droop.ag, is my favorite. And yeah, over here you could do a limit. So let's say you like you're buying something. Like, I don't have much salon in here. I fully cash down. I'm in Bitcoin now. But let's say I do want to buy this, listen thing. I mean, push its and giggles. Let's buy a little bit of it. Probably going to lose all my money, but whatever you whatever. So you do, yes, you do look. You could do a limit order too. You could do a limit sell. So, I mean, let's just, let's just buy it, I guess. So you search the contract address. Obviously, there's lesson, let's just put whatever.

Speaker  400416:00
I mean, that's probably too low, but

Speaker  402096:00
okay, let's buy $9 this thing. Are you guys gonna see my password now?

Speaker  405456:00
Okay, I came and buy because, you know, sometimes when these coins are so new and so fresh, there's a huge price impact to it too, just because, like, there's not enough liquidity, so you, you have to cover, you know, a 10% difference. I'm just not going to buy it. Doesn't make sense. But let's say you were, were to buy it. So let's say you could buy just as a swap. You could also limit by it. So you could set a limit, and once you own it, you could also set a limit to sell it. So I've actually been doing that with LLM in the last two days, because it's been heavily bought by Asia, like, I think, like China loves that, that project, more than anyone. So it's been skyrocketing, like at three in the morning. And that's why I've been I've been buying it. I've been setting like, limit cells. So I actually had I hit two limit cells, like, while I was sleeping, so I didn't have to worry about it. We could do both. You could do like, a limit cell at a high price, at a low price, so you protect it. But yeah, you would use Jupiter ag for that one. It just connects with your with your wallet, so

Speaker  421760:00
that makes sense.

Speaker  422933:20
Okay, um, yeah. I mean, this is, this is kind of like the rundown. I think the best way to do research is through acid dash to see, like, what the whales are buying. I think there might be some other ones I forgot. Like, so like, which ones are the other ones that, I mean, this one is my favorite. There's a few other ones that kind of track the big the big buys. You could follow what they call KOLs. You know, these, these people that are kind of like influencers. So in my case, like this guy, and where's this guy? Him? I this guy? Okay, so that, like, you follow people like this, basically that, you know, I mean, they're constantly, I could share some accounts, but they're constantly, kind of, like tracking the projects. You could join their telegram accounts, even though a lot of them, you know, they're just pumping dumps. Obviously there that that have an interest in it, a personal interest. There's ways to do research like that. But my favorite has been acid dash with the with the whale watcher. And now, right now, I mean, I don't know if we can do a real life example. I

Speaker  443578:40
Oh, yeah. I mean, this summarizes

Speaker  444154:40
double your money in 10 minutes.

Speaker  445498:40
Yeah, I would have to replenish my wallet, because I've been, I've been in the trenches too long. I've been trading these too long, and I don't want to lose my gains, so I just put everything in Bitcoin recently. Um, but yeah, if anybody has any questions, we could do some Q, a now think I think that covers it for the most part.

Speaker  451824:00
So do you have a are you doing just limit cells? And how do you decide where to set yourselves at or do they have, like, trailing stop loss? Like, every time it goes up, it resets the stop

Speaker  455253:20
Yeah, I've been, I've been very, pretty responsible with it. I've actually been mainly, like, tracking it and like, because I rarely buy a project that is gonna, like, just go to zero, because I you kind of, like, the more you do it, you get an idea, like, what's, what has the momentum and what is, could be a scan, but it's probably advisable. And it's advisable every time you invest to to have a limit, like maybe a 25% draw down, just put a limit cell. Or, you know, if you three, 4x your money, five, 6x whatever, whatever you're satisfied with. Maybe just limit sell that as well. Um, but I personally haven't been doing it that much.

Speaker  466096:00
Yeah. What's the average time that you're in a trade for?

Speaker  467648:00
Yeah, so that's that's an interesting one. So when I started earlier on, when it was like, really picking up momentum, one of my best trades was actually this guy, Griffin. So I with this one, it was like, also I saw the whales were buying it, and then it was more like research that I was doing. So if we look at Griffin, and I wish I just held on to this one, probably the whole time, because I got into this one, it was already pretty high. It was like $40 million market cap when I got into it. Like was December 15, finally, something like that. So if we look at the chart, so like nothing was kind of happening in the beginning, when it was when I was starting off, and then, like around this time, I think it was like. When did I get into it? Yeah, looks like somewhere around here, maybe a little earlier. So over here, I started noticing that, you know, whales were buying it, and I was doing research, and I noticed that the co founder of Solana totally on Twitter, he kept endorsing their product. So I think Griffin was part of, like, AI hackathon that Solana hosts, and the co founder was, like, in love with our project. He was, like, a big fan. So that's when I started, like, accumulating really large positions. So this project that probably held the longest, I remember, like, I was buying a ton of around here, and then it was kind of like going sideways. No What? Zoom in a little more than this. So if we go back
