MDS Large Catalog Sellers Monthly Call with Nick Amos
Date: December 08, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Is that helps us with the Cliff Notes.

Speaker  3952:00
Hopefully we're not the only ones here.

Speaker  4624:00
Hopefully not. I have six people who said yes, but I don't know, maybe it is like too December ish, too. Everything is so crazy right now, everywhere, I guess I

Speaker  11898:40
hopefully we have some people, because it's not, if not, it's going to be so sad. I really want to hear what Nick has to say. Oh, here we have a couple. Yeah, we have some people. That's good. Do

Speaker  19312:00
you have some sort of presentation Nick, or is it just you talking?

Speaker  20416:00
Yeah, I do. I was able to throw together a presentation, but, you know, obviously gonna expand more on certain parts than others, and of course, happy for it to be, you know, pretty open, open conversation, especially if it's a tighter group, then I don't see any problem with that at all. Amazing.

Speaker  25109:20
Makes sense. You can wait for just like two more minutes, and then we can get started. Have you been working with Matt for a long time?

Speaker  29004:48
Yeah, it's coming up on, I suppose, two and a half ish years. Matt, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  31612:48
Worked with Adam from better media, six, six months before that, not much before that. And then, yeah. So yeah, I think we're, I think we're closing on three years in total, two somewhere, two and a half, three years. Good times, good

Speaker  37605:19
times, for sure, Matt's Matt's pretty much seen my my upbringing since I Kat first started kind of more on The Apprentice side, working under another colleague of mine who was already working with Matt as a partner. And then eventually just the role kept evolving and was able to take over more and more. But yeah, amazing.

Speaker  45034:40
Let's just get going. If you can turn on your cameras, everything will feel so much better for everyone, mostly when it's a small group. Thanks, Lee, nice to see your faces and I can start the recording or to the cloud. Okay, welcome everyone. Thanks Matt for moderating this call, and thanks Nick for coming and showing us a couple of tips and tricks for large catalog sellers and apps and that kind of thing. If I'm not wrong,

Speaker  54997:20
yeah, yeah. Happy to be here. Thank you, Matt for inviting me. It's It's great to meet you all. I can go ahead and share my screen here, if that's all right. And I did put together a little presentation to kind of walk through, but just a second here, making sure you guys can all see this over here.

Speaker  61306:40
Looks great, wonderful.

Speaker  62074:40
Yeah, so Matt invited me to come on and chat with you guys, specifically on advertising at scale or just really kind of the the complexities that come along with it, and how I myself like to look at advertising a against a large catalog on Amazon, specifically before we get into things, I do want to introduce myself. My name is Nick Amos. I'm an advertising specialist from better media. Better media is an agency working with brands and partners across retail media networks. We are a retail media specific advertising agency, so a lot of the ins and outs that come on search, not only on Amazon, but across other retailers and as well as the programmatic side of things, talking more about the DSP, I myself am more of the in the weeds type, tactical executor guy, specifically on the search side. We do have a team who specializes in DSP, and of course, we work with partners who do run DSP, but my myself pretty focused on search. I am based out of Greensboro, North Carolina, and I live here with my fiance, and we have about 20 to 25 pets, ranging from cats to fish to a bunch of other reptiles and stuff like that. But again, happy to be here exciting times. And I did put together a little bit of just topics of discussion that we'll cover with a little bit of christmas flair here, as we are, you know about about two and a half ish weeks away from Christmas. But some of the main topics that I will walk through today, and I do want to preface again, if there are any questions or comments as we're going along, please feel free to butt on in here. But some of the main topics that I wanted to cover are specifically some of the core pain points that that we see either from the brand that we end up working with or from ourselves, as we're coming into an advertising account that does contain a large catalog, a framework for strategy and execution, and, again, pretty high level. But we'll get into more of the specifics. I want to hit on automation a little bit, depending on the size of the brand, or if you're already working with a partner or not, you may or not. You may or may not be using some level of automate, Autumn automation within your advertising framework, in the systems within and then I do want to hit on creative a little bit in terms of how can creative be a performance lever. Amazon has been pushing more and more so on the importance behind integrating creative, whether it's through imagery, through video, especially, and some of the tools that they've released over this year. And then also we'll hit on reporting at scale as well. And at the end, of course, we'll have plenty of time for an open Q, amp, a as well, but any any cause across the top before we dive on in to some of the core pain points that I will see, or myself, or as our agency will see, as we're entering maybe a new brand with, again, a pretty large catalog. Go ahead and proceed here. So we'll start off with the pain points. And again, I do want to say, you know, sure, there might be pain points, but you know, with that, there is also, you know, opportunity line there. So some of the things across the top here is, you know, it from an advertising lens, it might be, you know, a little frightening to come in and have 1000 2000 3000 plus ASINs that you might be dealing with. But nonetheless, a lot of the large brands, or say, catalogs, that we work with, they don't necessarily fail because the products are bad or that the advertising tends to perform a little bit weaker, but from a super high level, one of the most important things for us, especially when it comes to a larger catalog, is the structure within the account when it comes to campaign naming or having goals at the sub classification level or a sub brand level, these things become more and more important to understanding where your investment is going, understanding KPIs, maybe at the product collection type or at the sub brand level, And then again, how structured and efficient can all of your structure really be? And that really comes down to campaign naming, using portfolios within ADS console to keep everything as concise as possible. And then when it comes to scaling more efficiently, this really does require systematic organization, high intent prioritization, and not pushing every single SKU within the catalog equally so. Again, at the top here, there might be 1000s of SKUs, but we all know a pretty famous kind of role. And thing to continue thinking about is that 8020 rule. What is that 20% of the catalog driving 80% of revenue, 80% of outcomes that are happening. So when we talk about, you know, again, maybe 1000 to 2000 SKUs, what are those top maybe 100 to 200 that are moving the needle, that need the highest, the highest level of, you know, monetization at the advertising level, at the organic level as well. And then, what are the specific goals when you're talking about maybe your high tier products, your mid tier products and the lower tier products as well. You know, we can't treat every, every product classification within a within an account, the same way that we can, you know, again, those high tier products and maybe your low tier we need to have different goals against those. So another thing here is that we want to focus on demand led advertising. So similarly, if you do have a massive catalog, there could be different seasonality trends, different times of year, whether that's micro holidays that come, if q4 just happens to be, you know, your strongest quarter based on seasonality. Seasonality is certainly amplified when you do manage slash advertise against a larger catalog. You do need to know what matters the most in this month, because as you're going from, say, q2 to q3 or from July to August, your top SKUs may change. So staying on top of that and being able to proactively adjust and again, coming back to structure. If everything is as structured as possible, then that allows you to be more proactive versus reactive. So additionally, if you're naming conventions, and this is more specific to campaign specific, if these are inconsistent or you can't necessarily tell what is happening within each came campaign at face value, that may hinder you a little bit more, and again, make you to be a little bit more prone to reactive adjustments. So when you're organized and you if you know, you know q2 is going to be a very strong period for a certain subset of your catalog, then being able to start increasing bids and budgets there, and maybe decreasing slash phasing down across other portions of the catalog that might tend to get a little bit softer over a certain period, organization becomes more and more key to to allowing you to scale as efficiently as possible. And then ultimately, the opportunity cost of poor structure is pretty clear if you know, if you're restricted to to not being able to scale up certain products that are maybe becoming more high intense based on time of year, then that that risk of not having that structure in place becomes, you know, more of an issue depending on your specific goals. So before we dive into the next section. Are there any kind of call outs here on just overall pain points, or maybe something else that I could elaborate a little bit further on?

Speaker  183573:20
Nick, maybe you're going to talk about this. But how do you recommend, like, what naming structure conventions do you recommend?

Speaker  186165:20
Yeah, that was definitely part of kind of the foundation, which I think will be somewhat in this, yeah, foundation part of this, you know, pretty high level. Again, this three layer framework that I kind of want to get into, first of all, foundation. And again, this is pretty specific to the ads account. Then we'll get into prioritization, and then look a little bit into the marketing funnel as well, in terms of what are each goals of of your campaigns relative to the marketing funnel? And again, maybe, how do you think about that based on your catalog and specific skews that need pushed a little bit harder, maybe from an awareness perspective, and then also maybe at the bottom of the funnel, more from a conversion style. But as we get into this, and as as Matt just hit on right there, naming conventions are pretty much going to be your operating system from an advertising perspective, especially when you have a large catalog. And again, what I think, what I said towards the towards the start of this is, if you can't tell what is included within that campaign at face value, and what I mean is, right as you load up ad console and you have your full campaign list. If you're not necessarily able to tell what is in that from a product family level, from an ad type level, from a match type perspective, the overall objective of that campaign and the marketplace, if you are advertising across multiple marketplaces, then there might need to be some restructuring done so at, as an example, at better media, most of our campaigns are structured in this exact type right here, where one of the first things in the campaign name will be, will either be the specific product itself or that product classification. We will then list out the ad type so we know if it's, you know, either sponsored products, sponsored brands or display we will include the match type again, because we do want to get as granular as we can and be as structured as possible. So we do technically, or we do look to segment our specific ad types as well as match types at the campaign level. Then we have objective, which could also be strategy. So is this keyword targeting? Is this competitor conquesting? Is this a ranking campaign, etc, etc, and then the specific marketplace again, if you do happen to be advertising across multiple marketplaces, then you should include that in your campaign name as well. So at the campaign naming side, this is how we try to keep things as clean and possible. This again, allows you to make shifts either increasing or decreasing investment over any specific period of time and better understand what is happening within each campaign, ultimately giving you a little bit more control over the spend then if you do have the capability to and depending on how you look at your business at at large, plus within the advertising world, whether you have multiple brands within an account and you want to segment things like that at the portfolio level, or if you want to break things out at the product type level. Portfolios within Amazon ads console are extremely helpful for keeping things more organized, keeping a close eye on overarching performance investments and things like that as well. I did see something went into the chat. Yes, this is a perfect example that that Matt included here in the chat. Go ahead, Matt, yeah, I

Speaker  239322:39
just assumed you probably didn't feel like you could just share random things from our account in the presentation. Maybe not. I put an example from our account that I don't care if people see,

Speaker  242480:00
yeah, that's a perfect example of a campaign nomenclature that we would use across the partners that we work with. So ISCO at the front. That is one of their sub brands, safety goggles. That is their product type. What is the specific ad type? This is a sponsored brand, more specifically, a sponsored brand driving to the store page. What are we targeting? Top category keywords. This is classified as a dominate campaign. So as we get into like the funnel and things like that, a dominate campaign is specifically more so a share of voice push. We don't want we want bids to be high. We're willing to be aggressive to dominate that. That set of keywords, this also includes an AMC audience, so we included that as well. And then dollar sign. BTR is kind of just our little tagline to finish off the campaigns. But that is a perfect

Speaker  255306:40
I think we're reading off of something that we couldn't see. Yeah, I

Speaker  256256:00
think it's right here in the chat.

Speaker  257040:00
It's in the the Zoom chat,

Speaker  258448:00
okay, I'm in the chat. I see the I see the when I click on it, nothing opens up but shot.

Speaker  260912:00
I will. I'll send it in the large seller group,

Speaker  262357:19
yeah. Thank you. Yeah. I agree.

Speaker  263621:20
So more so on why it is important to have, you know, clean naming convention within your campaigns, using portfolios to stay as organized as possible is that the cleaner the your account structure is, the more so ability you have to either, you know, again, push and capitalize on certain times of year, maybe back to school specific holidays, or again, if you need to decrease holistic investment levels over a certain time period, over these slower periods, the more structured you, the more structure that is in Place, the easier it is to to make these adjustments. Otherwise, again, from a bulk perspective, these structured campaigns make it clear where to pull back or where to double down as buyer intent shifts either month to month, maybe quarter to quarter, maybe you need to increase bids across a a, you know, a group of specific campaigns that include a specific sub brand. If your sub if your campaigns include those sub brands, this allows you to do that at scale very easily. Same thing with budget decreases as well. And I will say here at the bottom, clean structure isn't necessarily just a best practice, but it does become a revenue unlock. If you have campaign, naming portfolios and holistic segmentation, consistent within your accounts, then you can diagnose problems quickly. And again, you're, ultimately, you're, you're making adjustments more proactively versus reactively. So we're looking to be able to scale winners as fast as possible. But also, you know, across the catalog itself, have different goals against each portion of the catalog. And in terms of, yeah,

Speaker  290848:00
I don't think we've ever talked about this. Do you do you have, like, a Google sheet or something that shows all of those different buckets, like, so that you know what, like your option of Kat sub categories are, or option of type of, you know, in this one, it was top category keywords. Do you have, like a master reference or something for that that you keep track of? Or do you just do it by looking through and filtering?

Speaker  298437:20
I would say filtering and our internal reporting helps a lot as well in terms of getting a better pulse on, again, high level trends from investment versus paid, or investment versus organic, and some of those trends as well. Are you talking more on, like, the search term level? Matt, yeah,

Speaker  303594:40
so I'm like thinking, right? So in the example you had, it was like, our ISCO brand and then safety goggles to like, Do you have a list of every one like, safety goggles, you know, graduate cylinders be like, right? You know, all of our subcategor categories. Do you have a list somewhere, or is it because of the tool you guys have? It auto breaks that out already, so you don't have to have that.

Speaker  310293:20
Yeah, so at first it's, it's pretty much, you know, downloading, like a master skew sheet, or getting a master skew sheet in hand, filtering out and getting those, those filters in place. But once that is completed, either in the back end or still within a Google Sheet, depending on, you know, kind of like the software that you may or may not have. It's then segmented. So in our case, once we are able to get into the back end and filter everything out and align everything, really, just by grouping all these sub product types, then everything's in place. And then we can, we can either, you know, again, set specific KPI targets at the product classification level, at the sub brand level. Similarly, with with bulk launching campaigns, comes down to that same thing as well. In terms of prioritization. Again, this is going to be another key aspect of this, not only from a seasonality aspect, but also from an evergreen perspective, in terms of, if you don't necessarily see big seasonal you know, increases and decreases within certain subcategories within your catalog, this all kind of remains equal so across the top here and again, pretty straightforward, but not every SKU should get equal love, And it's pretty hard to give every SKU equal of but really focusing on again, that top 20% that's driving 80% of the outcomes, your top sellers, your highest converting products, and then your highest share of voice opportunities, these reserve or deserve the most amount of budget possible when it comes to the low to mid tier side of your catalog, these products need to be run on a lower risk structure. You can think auto campaigns for Low risk, low bid discoverability, overall, low bids. And then if you are running automation, there can be different automation rules set up for your top products, and then again, maybe against your low to mid tier products that don't convert as well, or maybe, again, don't necessarily run as efficiently as your top sellers. Having different structures in place and different rules set up against each phase of your catalog will help, generally speaking, from an efficiency standpoint. And again, in my opinion, prioritizing investment can be based on historical demand curves, again, you already have a better understanding of your top sellers, but when it comes to seasonality patterns, you can use things such as the search query performance report, which is in Amazon's Seller Central, that allows you to deep dive specific subcategories and understand if certain products are going to have more demand over a given time period, or if it is an evergreen category, being able to prioritize those maybe more so than others, you can always take a look at what is your contribution to revenue and tacos, if you have, again, say, 20 different sub product classifications. How are those each comparing from an investment to top line perspective? Are they all out of whack? Is there opportunity where you're you're investing a good amount, but tacos is still low, and you can necessarily, maybe get a little bit more aggressive? Where can you find areas to pull back and then where is there also opportunity to drive Halo across your catalog? There are other tools within brand analytics, I believe, within Seller Central, there's a tool called the market basket analysis, which might show you some of your top selling ASINs. And then what are your kind of your follow up ASINs, where customers may be coming back and purchasing from your brand again, but not necessarily that key asin that initially led them to your brand. There's also AMC reporting, which shows a pretty similar thing in terms of, what are your top five, maybe purchase ASINs, and then what are the ASINs to follow that a customer will ultimately convert on as well, something I like to specifically look at, whether it's from a month over month perspective, quarter over quarter, and then definitely, year over year as well. Are bucketing maybe your catalog in some tiers like this, where, where are our highest traffic, highest converting products? What products are pretty high traffic, but are low converting. And then, from an opportunity standpoint, where are some of our low traffic ASINs, but ASINs that are converting really well? And then, where's our low traffic, low conversion? So if we have a bunch of high traffic high converting products, that is great. Ultimately, what you want to look for are potentially these low traffic high converting ASINs that again, if they're low traffic, maybe they're not getting a ton of investment from an advertising standpoint, but we have reason to believe, you know, from a conversion rate level, that these are going to be high converting products, and that we can get a little bit more aggressive on them. And in tandem, some of our high traffic products that might be converting a little bit lower, say, lower than the category average, or lower than the account average, those are products or product classifications that we can pull down investment on. And then lastly, prioritization isn't necessary static. We want to keep things as fluid as possible, especially based on time of year. So you know, hypothetically, again, your top 20% of the catalog in q2 isn't going to be the same as your top 20% in q4 you need to revisit priorities and then adjust spend allocation as as needed, but this ultimately comes back to that structuring. If we have a bunch of campaigns that are spending a ton, but we can't necessarily see what's happening inside of them, that we need to be able to pull back and do some restructuring to better understand where investment is going. Any questions there? I Good deal. And now I want to jump into the marketing funnel a little bit in terms of, again, we've talked about the structure, but how can we look at the catalog from a marketing funnel perspective? So as most of us are aware, I'm sure, when we're looking and talking about the marketing funnel, it starts at the top with our awareness bucket. These are the customers who, again, maybe aren't necessarily an aisle yet, or they are not aware of your brand. This is going to be that largest pool of audience that we can technically target. And then as it moves down, we get customers who are in the consideration phase. These are the customers actively browsing the category and considering their different options. And then right before conversion, we're getting that, you know, really kind of that tail end of the consideration phase, a lot of purchase intent and evaluation. And then we ultimately get to what we're all looking for, the conversion. And then if we did have it included here, the last sort of phase of the funnel would be from a loyalty perspective, and keeping customers in your brand. But I do want to talk in terms of some of the specific tactics and overall kind of objectives when we're talking about different stages of the funnel. So when we are talking about upper funnel, certain things that that you might want to do again, and these could be again, largely, probably that top 2020, ish percent of the catalog, but you can think broad and phrase match targeting. Again, auto, auto targeting, sponsored brands, sponsored brands, video on category keywords, and then additionally, if you are using DSP, some of that more prospecting and contextual targeting to fill the the marketing funnel, or your your your biggest audience up here, so that we can ultimately continue getting in front of them in these stages and then ultimately get them to convert at the bottom of the funnel. So when we're thinking about upper funnel tactics, we want to again expand that funnel as much as possible at the right time, so you understand when your peak demand times are, but maybe it's a micro holiday, such as Father's Day, Mother's Day, or Valentine's Day, of course, getting into q4 and then any pre tentpole events, say for July Prime Day, that's when you want to reach and tap into that awareness bucket as much as possible. And when we're talking about upper funnel, the KPIs differ drastically from an awareness play versus a conversion play, but when we're talking about upper funnel, we're not necessarily focused on driving conversions or return on ad spend. It's driving the biggest amount of reach in front of qualified audiences as possible. So a general rule of thumb is that upper funnel becomes more and more powerful four to six weeks out before seasonal demand hits. So you're trying to generate that demand before, ultimately, can driving conversions, maybe during that deal period, or when your peak demand time comes. As we talk about that consideration phase, that mid funnel, sort of timing we're talking about phrase an exact match against sponsored products, sponsored brand, sponsor brands. Video, maybe we start leaning into more category targeting or contextual targeting on the DSP side, as well as competitor conquesting when consumers might be actively browsing an entire category and filtering through different options within this is where category share shifts dramatically during seasonal peaks, customers do compare a lot, especially over the gifting season, and this is where your competitors are also going to be most active from an advertising perspective. And then as we get to that bottom of the funnel, we're talking about finally converting those customers, as well as driving rank. Now we're talking exact, exact match sponsor products, again, going after the category. And this is where, again, as you get into those peak moments that you really want to be able to understand from a structural perspective, what campaigns are most focused on, on driving those conversions, say, as you get into Prime Day, so having the structure in place against your catalog allows you to to be able to scale up efficiently and make budget shifts at the at the funnel, at the funnel side, as you get into that that time period as well. Any questions before we dive into some things on automation.

Speaker  471701:20
Wonderful. I do want to hit on automation a little bit, just because it can be more important, especially as again, you have a large catalog that you're advertising against. So ultimately, again, more so for these large catalogs, what we're looking at is to really, you know, of course, not, not fully limit automation at all, but continue to have as much control as you can for that top 20% so what we like to really look at automation for is those incremental bid ops across the account, adjusting your efficiency thresholds per product type or your sub brand, or if, say, you have a new product launch, being able to give a little bit of leeway for some of those new products or product groups, and be willing to have a little bit higher of an ACOs use automation for search term discovery, of course, again, all of those long tail keywords that are coming in through auto campaigns and things like that. We do want to continue collecting as much search term data as possible, but we don't want to necessarily automate our strategy. We don't want automation aggressively changing any of the bids and budgets against, again, some of those hero hero products, those hero campaigns, because it can ultimately, kind of hinder our visibility as we're leading into peak events or based on the time of the year and seasonality can break poorly built automation. So you need is, you need automation rules that follow demand curves and don't necessarily go against them. Again, as much manual control as you have over your account from the bids budgets and investment level, certainly the better. But again, of course, we do want to use automation as much as possible, but when you're thinking about again that top 20% of your products, then as much manual control that you have the better

Speaker  503109:20
Nick so I know you guys use specific stuff in house for automation, for third party softwares, I guess in your experience, would have been the best for automation, like day parting or different things like that.

Speaker  507818:40
Yeah, certainly day parting, depending on again, if you have the data presented to you that does show you know specific times of day or specific times of week perform better, then that's definitely a good use case for automation. I would say bid ops in general, across the account your blanket bid ops that are happening. But again, very small adjustments are always good. But what? Again, just steering away as much as possible from any sort of automation being willing to kind of knock down investment across your core products, especially if you are leading into, say, Prime Day or into into T 12,

Speaker  519509:20
would you so thinking about, like the tail of your product line, right where it's never really going to get the full attention paid to it, like the very the bottom, Say, bottom 50% right of not of your revenue, but of your catalog, from a negating standpoint, or, like, even with some controls in place. I guess, do you see any software that would make sense to automate the bottom portion of that where the risk is somewhat low, I guess, yeah, definitely.

Speaker  529167:59
I think more automation against that bottom 50% the better 100% from an efficiency standpoint, if they're, you know, if there's room to balk negate, then 100% be more aggressive with certain KPI thresholds across that bottom 50% you want you know that bottom 50% to run as efficiently as possible, or maybe you're willing to be more aggressive with visibility for the top 20 to 30%

Speaker  537461:20
now I do want to jump into using creative as a performance lever, and again, really, really honing in on that 80 20% Amazon has been pushing creative more and more heavily coming out of Amazon accelerate back in September, they unveiled some things with the creative studio, which is a relatively new tool within Amazon, and then even at unbox, unveiling more and more things, maybe centered around sponsored products. Video, so leaning into creative is becoming more and more important. It does become more and more overwhelming, especially across a large catalog, but as much as possible and again, really, really focusing on that top 10 to 20% when it comes to creative, if you're not running sponsored brands or sponsor brands video at all right now, then that is an absolute opportunity, especially for at least your you know, Top Five 10% if you can, especially when it comes to seasonal, seasonal times like Christmas, leaning into holiday imagery and things like that can help drastically in terms of increasing your click through, rate resonating with customers, driving higher conversion rates and things like that. So one just quick tidbit here is that seasonal creative will you know always be that evergreen creative in most categories, again, if it's gifting season using holiday gifting imagery, which, again, Amazon's tools allow you to create these images pretty quickly. Same thing with video leaning into that will will ultimately aid overall performance. And again, Amazon is prioritizing creative first placements. It's becoming more and more of a competitive advantage, not just necessarily a checkbox. So we still do see brands out there that have yet to even lean into sponsor brands video whatsoever. And that could be, again, that they just don't have the capabilities to maybe create a video. But again, there are multiple tools out there, largely, you know, produced with with AI, that are becoming extremely, extremely useful in being able to generate creatives in a very quick amount of time. I do also want to emphasize, again, not advertising specific, but the store pages that you have connected to your brand. When you start thinking about using more and more creative, especially through sponsored brands and sponsored brand video, if you can drive customers to a clean store page where less and less navigation is really required, then that's going to ultimately help your customers convert a bit faster. That can help drive AOV if you have complimentary products on your store. So really, really just focus again, showcasing your top sellers and complimentary items. If you have yet to lean into sponsored brands or sponsored brands. Video, highly, highly recommend that you do again using some sort of creative generator, if, if needed. But creative can really, really, really become your your differentiator when you can't necessarily outbid your competitors. Again, leaning in and using some holiday flare within a custom image right now can, can really, really attract prospective customers out there. And then, in my opinion, when we're talking about either sponsored brands or sponsored brands video in comparison to sponsored products, which, again, will probably always be that that top utilized ad type, you should still see similar performance metrics across each ad type, especially from a conversion rate standpoint. If you identify some top converting terms out of your sponsored product campaigns, you should double down with sponsored brands and sponsored brand video if you're not already dominating from a shared voice perspective, and start increasing your overall visibility there, but relevancy based on the items being promoted within the ads, your ad copy, The specific creative and time of year will ultimately help overall performance. So being as structured again and using relevancy as kind of your north star when it comes to creative really, really can aid again, whether it's pushing for share voice increases or just overall visibility over a certain time period. And then lastly, I believe this is the last section here, is reporting and budget control. So again, something that at better media, what we like to do is, you know, as we're first coming into an account that might be a pretty large catalog is really get everything as segmented as possible. We need to be able to understand performance again at these product families, not necessarily individual ASINs, in order to drive the proactive budget shifts. So have an understanding of what specific product collections are in your account from an advertising lens, maybe it's again, product type or sub brand, and really, really focus on based on your time of year, monitoring your time and budget reports, monitoring that performance by segment, and being able to push and pull accordingly based on those KPI trends as well as demand trends as well. So some additional notes in here is tracking Share of Voice and rank across your top 20% of your hero items and again, revisit this, you know, based on maybe a monthly or quarterly level, but looking at q2 versus q4 performance or spring versus winter, pre and post tent pole, these all give you kind of a A high level understanding that should come from a reporting standpoint, looking at those time and budget reports, we don't want any, you know, Hero campaigns to be capped out during peak weeks in a peak season, and again, weekly checks help with this in the budgets tab, campaign nomenclature. Nomenclature will help you, you know, proactively scale those correct campaigns that should be staying in budget based on that time of year, and then better understanding and monitoring your performance by segments. And again, the segments ultimately come down to maybe the funnel type or that specific product classification that you do have in place, but at the end of the day, scaling large catalogs on Amazon, in our humble opinion, really comes down to these three things. Is just being as structured as possible at the campaign level, at the account level, as much as possible, being pretty ruthless and prioritizing where your spend is going at that top 1015, 20% versus the rest of the catalog, and being having that seasonally aware funnel strategy in place too time of year becomes more and more important when you do have that massive catalog, and being able to make shifts towards certain product types and away certain product types over any given time of year is what's going to allow you to continue scaling as efficiently as possible. But I think with that, we have our Q A section. I

Speaker  649861:20
already asked a bunch of questions throughout the time, and I pester you constantly with questions. So I'll let other people ask things. If they have anything,

Speaker  654538:40
I'll ask something. Is there any off the shelf software you're using for man that you found that worked well as large catalogs.

Speaker  656735:59
So tools, I was gonna say, we're largely looking at our own internal tools. Beyond that, I would say, are you talking about maybe, like from an automation standpoint, or like a specific

Speaker  660848:00
I'm asking it very broadly, just to let you kind of experiences. Because, you know, that's one thing that large large sellers, is a lot of tools work great until a large catalog enters the chat, and then they just should all over themselves.

Speaker  665653:20
Yeah, we do run again. From an automation standpoint, we have our internal tech that handles a lot from bid, automate bid, automize optimizations, you know, being able to launch campaigns at scale. Reporting wise, everything's in house as well, but not necessarily, you know, beyond some of like the search term scrapers and things like that, I haven't necessarily heard of other tools, just because, again, the brands we work with ultimately do end up using our internal tech Nick.

Speaker  674176:00
Didn't you guys used to use something else before Dustin created the I thought you used one off the shelf sellers historically, or maybe that was pre you, but

Speaker  677216:00
might have been pre me, I think reporting wise Looker studio was there for a second. I think we've, we've dabbled with pack view reporting as well.

Speaker  679909:20
I thought pack view, that's, that's what I was thinking of. I thought at one point you guys were using pack view as the back end. But maybe that was like a long time ago.

Speaker  682309:20
And I think that also was largely for AMC as well, but now Amazon, again, has made it, you know. So every, every brand, is able to have their AMC instance and things like that, which is great.

Speaker  686122:40
So do you guys ever like, I guess this, this question is interesting, because do you ever test other people's like, off the shelf software to see if it could, like, understanding that, you know, your internal tech is fully customized to you guys, but like, it's like, I don't know, like a restaurant doing investigative work of the other restaurants In the area, right? Like, what does, what does this automation software offer that would be interesting to use and or offer to folks, or something like that,

Speaker  696789:20
I'm sure, like our tech team, as in, like Dustin, I'm sure he does, and just with people in the space, go back and forth with, what are you doing? Like, what are we doing? What like? What are the gaps? But we ultimately rely on feedback from the team, because we're the ones who are really in our internal tech the most, but as well as our clients too. I mean, if there's feedback that comes, whether it's we were used to this now we don't have this, then, I mean, we do as much as we can to provide that, but I don't necessarily look to any other tools, because, I mean, they all cost money as well for the most part, so I don't have, like, the logins for Those.

Speaker  709040:00
Nick, I got a question. Yeah. Yeah. Nick, great presentation. Thanks a lot, man. My question I got is, in our company, we run inventory based kind of marketing if you're running out of stock, like, obviously, everybody's running into issues. My questions would be this, so would you recommend day parting, when you kind of running out of stock to focus on a highly converted hours. Do you guys do bid management, or would you rather do like budget management, when this kind of stock issues arise? Right? And second question is, we do use scale insights on 20% our catalog and 80 is managed via bulk files, talking the manual way. Maybe you know the tool a manual way to do the parting as well. So because in scale insights you have to pay for, you know, for each asin you try to automate. If we do an 8020 you know, 80% of the ASINs are not automated via scale size. So I'm just looking for ways to save money and still do date partying on. You know, 80% of the catalog. Yeah.

Speaker  728645:20
So at our agency specifically, we look to steer away from day parting as much as possible, because we focus so much on this campaign structure and things like that. So then we can rely more on budgets at the campaign level. So if you do have, you know, products that are getting low on stock, being able to identify them within the campaign naming should be, you know, be able to you should be able to decrease those budgets as needed. So if Matt was to tell me, like x product might be, you know, running low on inventory, then we could go in and slow things down at the budget level. I do think that Amazon has unveiled, and you're probably aware, is like the day parting tool within Amazon ads console. However, it only lets you go one way, so you can only increase over a certain time period, but you can't necessarily decrease. I would still focus on, you know what you're doing via bulk for sure, and then, in tandem with that, if you're able to use the tool that's right within ADS console, then you know, use that as much as much as possible, but you might just have to be super specific with the campaigns that you're selecting in there.

Speaker  748762:40
Okay, okay. So another question, I'm just going to challenge you on the idea, I don't know if this allows, allows, so let's say I'm running out of stock, right? Why would I want to cut the budget on a decent performing campaign, and then why would I just let the campaign run when the optimum hours for my products in terms of conversion, right? Why should I spend my budget outside a good conversion hours and then let it all kind of like even out versus doing a day part in from, let's say, seven in the morning till seven at night.

Speaker  759829:20
I would rebuttal with the fact that if customers are clicking on your ads, they're ultimately interested. You know, regardless of the time of day, that's the point of of ads, you know, is to get your product visible under relevant keywords. High intent keywords, really, if we're talking about search, this is, this is high intent advertising on Amazon, if customers are clicking regardless of the time of day, then they're they're interested. You know, they might not convert at 7am but if they're clicking and potentially adding to cart to convert when that peak conversion time is then, then it's quality traffic. You know, you should have faith in your your advertising going against the right keywords and things like that. If you're bleeding spend against the irrelevant terms, then sure, but if you're driving traffic on high intent keywords, regardless of the time of hour, then it's quality, you know, engagement, it might just not convert at that exact time period, but you can also, if you have already looked into it, have you looked at like your time to conversion report for via AMC, have you dug into that at all?

Speaker  776981:20
AMC, but we build our own like, you know, we pulled it regular, you know, years and years ago. We have all the data in terms of campaign performance, and do we do have better conversion from seven till eight o'clock at night, right? Yeah. I mean, you know, 80% I mean, probably 70% of the shoppers on Amazon are female, right? And I've seen my girlfriend, my ex girlfriend, shop at night before she goes to bed, go on Amazon, click and scroll and La, la, she would never buy anything. It's like a therapy for her, right? So I think it's better to place an ad in front of the, you know, female or potential customer during lunch time or like morning time, when they have a clear head and when they can actually convert, have a high chance of conversion. I understand what you're saying. There's also, you know, we only have seven days of attribution, right? What happens after seven days? Better now, but a lot of those sales that keep coming in the one

Speaker  791461:20
thing I've heard, and so I challenge Nick and Adam before that at better media a lot on this, because I, I do think there's some validity to especially like very, very late at night where you're getting spend and like, it's especially for some of our product categories at the end of the day, though, the thing that got me and I don't, and maybe the AMC report would be able to tell this is the way that the attribute the like, just because you're converting at those times does not mean the person clicked on those ads at those times, right? So, like, someone could have clicked on an ad and got an attribution from 5am the day before, but you converted it in the evening, right? Like you converted between seven and eight because they actually still saw the ad at that point in time, it may be at its current never bought it. So, like, the conversion metrics aren't necessarily based off of what time they clicked on it originally and saw the ad. It's the time that they actually bought it. So they might buy during that time. And I think actually, the Amazon's tool actually the their built in functionality actually better mirrors that, of like, if you have a lower bid and then just ramp up the bid during that super optimal window, so you're not getting rid of it outside of it. You're like the person who's looking at it, like, three o'clock in the morning. I don't care as much about them, but if they do click it, that's great. Versus during that peak, those peak Windows cranking up the bit. But yeah,

Speaker  817488:00
thank you. I have a question. Nick, this is Pete. So what? What kind of inputs Do you like to get from your customers? I mean, the like, you know, an obvious one is the inventory status. Do you have a good way of in taking information from the customer so that you can make the most efficient use of the of the time that you really are together on the phone and kind of related to that question, do you usually meet with the customers every week, every other week. How do you what takes place in those meetings? And kind of, what's your operating system in that? In that sense,

Speaker  830362:40
yes, in terms of what we like to take in, you know, sure, like inventory wise as well. But I think the biggest thing as maybe we're first partnering with a brand is that kind of what you're getting at too, or just over time, over

Speaker  833984:00
time, yeah, over time, like, for instance. I mean, we have profitability down to the Ian level. You know that we're trying to share, we're sharing, obviously, our inventory positions, strategic, where we're going new launches, and just making sure that. I mean, I try to do it all through Google Sheets and just go, Hey, here's what's coming up. Here's our calendar. Here are things you need to be watching out for. But I haven't found, I mean, the partner that we're using right now is really good, but I don't feel like that. They really have a great in tech intake mechanism and a way of just like I'm pushing the information rather than coming to us and going, Okay, if you have this, I'll use it here. If you have this, I'll use it here if you have this. And so it's kind of like it has to be a good push pull type of arrangement. So I'm just curious as to how you how you structure that over time. So yeah, I know at the beginning there's a lot of startup and like, you know, it's forming, storming, norming, whatever you want to call it. But at some point, you know, maybe six months into a year of this, you're you should be rocking and rolling so that they basically, you see inside, you know, Matt as a customer. You know, you see everything as almost at the same time he's seeing it. And the strategy is really clear, I'm guessing. So go ahead with that. That's more bad.

Speaker  854101:20
Yeah, prioritization, whether we get that off rip or whether that comes, you know, six months down the line, we're ultimately going to want to test and learn across the entire catalog, but we're ultimately also going to identify, again, that top 25 to 30% pretty quickly. But also, when does that 25 to 30% change? And why does it change? So again, in in I guess Matt's instance of, you know, laboratory supplies and things like that, we understand when the peak times are. We understand when the peak product collections are and things like that. But understanding from Matt, what are the specific goals, maybe per brand or per product type, over this given time of year. Do we want to necessarily be more aggressive in any certain area? Do we want to be more profitable in any certain area, taking all that info in and executing on it is, is what we try to push for that.

Speaker  868832:00
But how do you, how do you do it? I mean, because that is the large opinion, that's a large catalog bottleneck, right? If you got 10 products, no problem, a half hour you talk through each of the 10 products. When you got 2500 products, you need a way of mass intake and seeing, well, in this month, it was I used that Dmitry was good. Now it's going down like it it feels like it's got to be really dialed in, so that you're using that half hour of talk time in the most efficient manner, and everybody's kind of come in, yeah? Assignment, right? Like, this is where we're at. We don't have to re discuss, like, you know, asin number 24 you know, that kind of thing. So I'm curious as to how you deal with large catalog supplier customers that that make it very efficient,

Speaker  880528:00
yeah, because the last thing we really want to do is get on a call and talk about inventory, you know. And it's not necessarily my thing to, like, I don't want to have to worry about Matt's inventory all that much. But if there's specific, you know, things that are happening, and then we'll call that out. But we just want to talk through product level, product category level performance.

Speaker  886437:20
Yeah. So, yeah. So I guess I can describe our weekly or bi weekly calls, if that would be helpful, because so Nick usually summarizes what the performance was over the previous two weeks, anything so he has a list of like things he's noticed, and he wants to ask follow up questions about sometimes you notice this is embarrassing. He notices things about our catalog before we do other times, there's things that he would have no idea about, right? Like we were adding a new line of chemicals, and he needs to be aware that that's coming. And then he, in a loving and helpful way, asks us every two weeks, when are those coming into stock? And then he had it like, we go through the key like anything from our end that's upcoming. So it's like a bucket of his stuff, a bucket of my stuff, or our stuff, and then anything kind of like outstanding from the last meeting in the be so now we're, it's, it's gotten far enough where, in the beginning it was working through chunks of the catalog. So it'd be like, Hey, I'm going to build out the sponsor brand campaigns for glassware or beakers or clamps or whatever, and now we have so many of them that it's a lot more of just, I'm assuming, more bid ops related stuff. And then, like, I get the notification of new sponsor brand campaigns all the time. Like, he's just slowly working through our entire catalog to get coverage, and then updating and and doing that stuff. At least that's my perspective of it. I don't think the well he does ask the question like product launches. You know, anything you need to focus on that anything else I need to know. I think we probably could have a more robust list of questions, but at this point, I kind of know the things that he would want to know, and he knows the questions to ask. But I think, probably, honestly, the biggest gap we we we have, is we don't have a great way, an automated mechanism to say we're running low on this product and to, like, cool off ads in mass, because it's like, honestly, our, if you look at our top 500 products, it's like, like, it's just not even, I do think that they're, they're like, you know, I think I've shared this with Dustin on their tech team, of like, an automated way of like, all the info is in Seller Central To be able to in an automated fashion for FBA, it offers at least, like, scaling back budgets or bids or something as you're like, hey, you're down to 10 days left. Slow it down right, because there's absolutely no way for for Nick to manually do that. But that's probably, honestly, like, just full transaction, that's probably the biggest place that I could see for a large catalog, that there could be improvement.

Speaker  935381:20
Yeah, now that's kind of where I was headed to is just that you you want to just share as much as you can in a in a very efficient manner, so that, and like you said, my data changes too, whether it's seasonality or inventory comes in, or whatever, a new product launch, and it's like, I don't even want to really, necessarily talk about those things. I want kind of the homework assignment to be that when they get into the room, you know, within reason that everyone's on the same page, and then it's like, okay, we don't need to discuss the data. We need to discuss the strategy. The data has been there. You guys have looked at it. We know where we're low on inventory. We know where we're going to be launching something in January. Here's what the keywords are for it, and that it's easier said than done. I know that I'm in the same boat. I mean, I have all this stuff that I'm trying to put into a way that's shareable without overwhelming. And it's so it's, it's it's, it's hard to put it together, but that's where I'm I'm trying to get closer and closer to it every every month or two.

Speaker  953525:20
Yeah, I mean, I would say we live in in shared Google Sheets, shared Google Drives, in Slack, going back and forth. I mean, I think like Slack, quick updates on on inventory or new products, is great, and then use your face to face time to really talk about execution.

Speaker  958458:40
Good. Thank you. Yeah.

Speaker  959658:40
And Pete, I don't know what software you guys using I just noticed there is a way to shut off the ads completely, or have a like a manual, automatic, automatic way to control the ads via scale insights. Once you run a low you can set the threshold low for the product inventory level. Well, it'll shut off your ads if you really run it low. So scale insights and do it automatically, if you talk in automations on new ads. And then we also do Google Sheets, and then we have the inventory manager going through all the positions two times a week. And then then we tweak the ads based on her recommendations, you know, because you can never be perfect. Go up and down,

Speaker  970709:20
yeah, but like, even if you raise prices or something like, if I were to raise price, or I issue a coupon, or I want to do something like, it should just be flow right over to your partner, your ad partner to go, oh, okay, I see he's now got a coupon. So maybe I should cut back on ads, because it's going to convert better anyway, with a coupon, like that kind of stuff, where it would just through automation, you could just say, If caught, you know, if coupon and price went up, then do x, just set these rules, and then it's, and then it's, and then it's for you to, you know, translate that into an advertising campaign. But, I mean, that's maybe Nirvana that ever, ever happens.

Speaker  981760:00
Yeah, I think a lot of this stuff Amazon could easily build into their their tools, but they don't have an incentive to do that.

Speaker  983957:19
No, they have no incentive. They want to

Speaker  984917:20
make it No, right?

Speaker  985317:20
They want to make it as sloppy and muddy as possible. So you just spend money. They don't want to make it efficient at all.

Speaker  986810:40
Well, then it also creates a network of like, a whole ecosystem around ads, which makes it bigger and better, not to not talking crap about your industry. Nick just it's one Amazon wants to make money, which makes sense. So do we? Well?

Speaker  992879:59
The other, the other problem with CPC on Amazon is the China sellers with no budget, have given all of Amazon management a false sense of what sellers can actually afford for ads, and they are dependent on that. If that goes away, their stock price can never recover, so they are scared shitless about happening.

Speaker  999669:20
Thoroughly depressed. Thank you. I

Speaker  1000149:20
laughed. I laughed today. On a side note, I laughed with a I got the email from Amazon saying, Hey, what is it? The the, their, their, their excess sales program. Like, hey, oh no, yeah, the refund thing, hey, you know they're really pushing this Returnless system that they've got. You could set your price at whatever you want. Yeah? I mean, that is just ripe for fraud. Like, I could just see that. Like, just tell us what, what it will take before the customer doesn't have to make a return. And we'll set that. And then it's another one was, like, you have too much excess, and are you getting back returns? Too much? Like, we'll sell it for you. You know that a whole and I'm just like,

Speaker  1012576:00
liquidation, yeah. No,

Speaker  1012864:00
liquidation, yeah. Just ah.

Speaker  1013824:00
Anyway, well, their lack of an accurate inventory ledger proves that they don't know where anything is. So that's that's the bigger issue is they need to roll out the accurate inventory ledger, because they don't know where anything is. They have a good estimate.

Speaker  1019445:20
I Nick we could do, but take one thing away from this and actually implement it today, just one act, very specific, actionable thing. I know we're over time, but what's the one thing you think we should do?

Speaker  1023594:40
No? Um, trying

Speaker  1025744:00
to make it a good one. I mean, I already said if you weren't leaning into holiday creative, I mean, this last week to 10 days is a great time to at least test it for your top mover across you know, any specific ad type, specifically sponsored brands or video. But I would make a good effort once you get through, I would say the end of q4 here is to really download a business report by child and maybe filter and make those groups of what are your high traffic, high converting, high traffic, low converting, low traffic, high converting, low traffic, low converting. Identify those different subsets and see if you have any immediate areas of opportunity for low traffic, high converting products to boost up investment there. And on the flip side of that, if you have high invested in products, but they're low converting, where can you shave some spend off there. I think that's my biggest thing with with the large catalogs, is there's always opportunity, you know, even in those mid tier products, to maybe be a little bit more aggressive and and win a little bit more. And I think that's ultimately, maybe the advertisers, you know, job to get in there and identify certain areas to to win more on certain segments of the catalog, and then maybe work with you as the the brand owner to improve the PDP or something like that. Anything else for Nick Cool? Well, I'll follow up. Yeah, I'll follow up. Matt. I I don't know if I'll be able to email it to like everyone that was here, but I could email it to you, yeah, and share it out. But of course, if there's any questions from any of all over the over the coming days or months, you know, feel free to reach out to me or anyone else from the from the better media team, we're always open for a conversation.

Speaker  1057120:00
Sweet. Thank you, of

Speaker  1057696:00
course, amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you all. I hope you can share the presentation with me, and I can upload it to the app and any other resource that you have, you can also send it over, and it'll be added there. Wonderful.

Speaker  1061973:20
Well, I appreciate it. Hope everyone has a good rest of your week and happy holidays. Awesome. Thank you.
