APAC Chapter Monthly Call - Bali Mastermind Takeaways
Date: October 27, 2025

Speaker  00:00
I'm going to just approve. This is our note taker, and then the other ones, I'm going to leave them out.

Speaker  2480:00
I'm like, wow, we have, we have a lot of people already on but then I'm like, note taker and note taker and note taker, note taker,

Speaker  4208:00
so annoying when we when we are when we send the actual calendar invites. When we start doing that, we're going to have even more note takers, because they will all join just automatically. But I just accept ours control over what we have. And we decided with the John. Is John gone? Oh no, here it is that we're going to hate Jessica to have these calls only be recorded and available to your chapter, and they won't be available anywhere outside the APAC chapter, know the actual calls or the video recordings. So you can say anything you want here.

Speaker  17488:00
Yeah, pretty cool. We got that exclusivity, so their goal is to make everyone jealous. So they have to move to Asia, and then all of a sudden, there'll be 700 members here, and then there'll be just a few people in Boston and like in LA or New York, and they're and they're and they're going to be so jealous, we have to wake up at 2am to join these calls.

Speaker  23525:20
It's kind of a not so hard time

Speaker  26005:20
west coast, like it's not that late. No.

Speaker  27571:12
So they could, they could try to sneak into our calls now, which last week, last month they were allowed to.

Speaker  29298:40
Yeah, they are not anymore.

Speaker  29986:40
No. Kick them out.

Speaker  31986:40
Wait another minute, and then we'll get started. Yes,

Speaker  33344:00
hi everyone. Hi, Jesse, lean Scott, I can't see anyone's calling. Hi, how are you all? Hey, Ji, hey, I don't know if there's anyone else. I can't say I'm not trying to ignore anyone. How anyone. Say hi. How is everyone? Good? Good, good.

Speaker  40453:20
Scott, your video has a red flicker thing. Yeah,

Speaker  42645:20
I've got this like, adapter to it's like our old Mac monitor, and it's just, like, runs the USB C, and depends what software I'm on, whether or not flip flickers.

Speaker  45162:40
Yeah, I had that problem maybe a year ago. Oh, really, yeah,

Speaker  46682:40
didn't do it on my old MacBook, but my new MacBook doesn't, doesn't like it. So, yeah, I'm just sort of running this monitor into the ground before I upgrade. It's actually got to crack through it, but I really like the monitor. I don't want to,

Speaker  51296:00
yeah, let's start a GoFundMe. Let's get this guy our monitor.

Speaker  53781:20
It's a great monitor. It's actually, I want to hold on to it just the cost of replacing the glass. It's like, not even worth it. So, yeah, no, worth

Speaker  55557:20
it. Yeah, yeah. Well, this might end up just being our Bali.

Speaker  59381:20
He's Sau, Hey everyone.

Speaker  60730:40
Hey Brian, oh, he's not here yet.

Speaker  61514:40
Bali, seems like forever ago. Don't you think it does?

Speaker  62490:40
It feels like it didn't happen. It's like you today,

Speaker  65008:00
I saw some photos. It looked like so much fun. So it

Speaker  66672:00
was a very well run event. It was really good. What is Eric? Yeah, that's our game. Guys, welcome to today's episode of Where's Eric?

Speaker  73605:20
Conference? Back? You?

Speaker  76634:40
I was hoping we get some people that didn't come to Bali to join. Maybe they're sorry.

Speaker  79210:39
I'm going to share the link in the conversation just in case.

Speaker  80304:00
Yeah, make a watch replay anyway. This will be fun, because the event was so good that I felt like, what could really help is having a kind of a recap and see where people are at. And in case we had a lot of people that did it come to the event, I was going to, we're going to do the formats, which we can still kind of start like that, but if it's just us that went to the event, we can do more. Everyone can share their top takeaway, or what they've been working on, and that way, we kind of feel like, okay, we got all this information, and then we can kind of root for each other as what is our next step. One thing about I

Speaker  93226:39
shared it before, but in America, we have so many e commerce events. As you get more and more, you take them less seriously, and at some point they kind of become just hangouts with, like your friends, and maybe you meet someone and get, like, a tidbit or some idea. But one thing I noticed was how serious everyone was from last hearing about last year's event, and then how much they've been working on their business or transforming things to this year's event. It felt like, Oh, this is like a really like us. It made me feel like it's like 2017 again, and it's like this is all a big e Commerce event. So we had 17 presentations. There was a lot of different topics and content with it. Anyone here finished going through all the PowerPoints already? That's the spirit. That's why we do e commerce. We'll have chat, I'm gonna have chat, GBT review and just double check. But I had three people prepared to share. We can have those same three people share, but then after that we can more open it up. I think each one person can kind of share what's been their one main takeaway that they've been wanting to apply to their business. So it was a fun event. As you all know, I'm trying to see, oh, June, we have some people all right,

Speaker  116464:00
and we've got Kat

Speaker  116736:00
cam, all right, okay. So now we, now we have to be a more like a big group. Okay, so we had a very successful Bali mastermind. It was, I've been to many e commerce events, and this was up there, maybe my favorite. And yeah, Jessica, you can take a bow for all the all the hard work and planning. It was fun because a few reasons. The event, the venue was perfect, like everyone's rooms are facing, like the swimming pools. It's like it's made for, like, networking. And the energy was different than a normal American Conference, which is very masculine energy, which is like growth, hack, drive, afterward, club, bar party. And this had a very feminine, relaxed feel, and there was time for connection and massages every day. It wasn't a hard sell for me, when I heard I saw a massage on the schedule every day, I'm like, oh, okay, I can go to this one. But also the vibe of the room like, I think everyone's I've never been at an event where it was 10:30pm and everyone was in their room getting ready for bed. It was a different energy. A lot of people, almost everyone, had families. So it was a different and a different experience, but it was fun. I felt also for an event, it was one of the ones where I connected with people the deepest beyond just business, and that made sharing about strategies and connections that much more real. So it was a really fun event. We had 17 presentations, a lot of content. This call is designed to be our recap, to highlight, to share what happened, our experience. For those that didn't attend, I have a few goals. One is I want to create FOMO so that you come next year. But two is, maybe you can pick up some inspiration or nugget that can help you in your business. And then the idea is that next year we have even bigger leaps and transformations. And people talk about, Oh, it's from that last Bali trip, the last Bali conference. Now this year I'm here, and yeah, we're I think I see potential that the Asia chapter could have the premier e commerce events for MDS, and that'd be pretty cool. The goal is we're becoming the forgotten about, like the stepchild to ah, Psych or Cinderella. We're actually the main character all along. So that's our sharing. I'm going to have three people prepared to share, and they're going to share their experience, top three takeaways, and then the one thing they're focusing on in their business and sharing first. She asked if she could go first. But I said, Of course you will, because you are, I am a gentleman, and ladies always go first. So Ka, you're in the car. You're good, yes, yeah.

Speaker  164576:00
So I went back to work for two weeks to keep my license. So I sneaked out of work to join the call Nice. So my experience was, yeah, what Jonathan said. So I only attended one, the Denver summit last year. And yeah, it was because it was such a big summit, whereas this is a very small group, and so it does make connecting a lot easier. I was able to talk to every single person and almost get

Speaker  175098:40
even remember getting anyone's life story in the Denver Summit, maybe one, and that was it. So yeah, and I had this really bad back pain for a while, and because of of having a massage every day in Bali, the back pain is gone. So I think having a massage every day does treat certain problems. But yeah, so my top three takeaway was the first one is interestingly, Marissa talked about a takeaway she got from last year's event where she used workable to find candidates and then use workable as a filter, like a interview platform, and then post the job on LinkedIn recruiter. So I did that to find a PPC Manager, and I'm in the middle of doing that now. So it's, it's quite interesting and quite, quite amazing. So I posted on LinkedIn. Recruiters spent $20 and got like 100

Speaker  192042:40
how workable is doing the interview process, and I just have to go and watch the interview once they are all done. So that was the biggest action that I did after the the conference. And the second takeaway was Jessica shared about how she found her first product. I found that really interesting. She posted on PickFu, she grabbed a few competitors of a product that she wanted to do, and then put it on PickFu and asked, how would they improve the product? So I did that for all my existing products right now. So it gave a lot of insight on how we can improve our product and also create new versions of our product. And then the third one was a Cheyennes presentation where he's all about making five star products. I resonated with that because I my my brand does not suit Tiktok, or at least I am

Speaker  210560:00
a distraction for me, and also my brand is not that big to to venture out of Amazon yet. So Shyam is all about creating Five Star products and then just he's all Amazon. So when he find new products, he still uses the old school software like Jungle Scout and helium 10 black box filter by three stars and see whether he can make products five stars and then charge a higher price. So it doesn't work for every category. So obviously it won't work for supplements or certain products where you can't make five star products. But his whole thing is about, if he can't make it five stars, he won't even do that product. And he also gave me a lot of confidence to just focus on Amazon, because he used to work in Amazon. He created the he's part of the India Amazon in India team where he started, helped Amazon launch in India. So he saw, he worked in the high level SAS core team, and he saw how they operate, operated, and he had confidence that Amazon is always changing and always improving as well. And that whole thing about, you know, as entrepreneurs, we always go, oh, I want to do this. I want to do that. And it makes the team incredibly frustrated, because it seems like we are not like clear as a leader. And he says, Amazon is the same. They come, they give one project, project to the team, and the next day they want another thing done. The next day they want another thing done, and he has to do all of them and complete them on time. So it, it made me feel a bit better, because I always felt bad that I do that to my staff. But now, now that I hear a big company does it, I I know that we are heading the right way. So that wasn't my top three takeaways. Yeah,

Speaker  243360:00
did you look when you heard his presentation? Yeah, he's just focusing on Amazon, Amazon only. Also he broke my concepts too, like, he sold the brand. How long ago did he sell his

Speaker  246101:20
first brand? Three years ago, I think.

Speaker  246677:20
And then his second one's already at, like, plus 15 million. Yeah, yeah, doing PPC only launches, yeah.

Speaker  249109:20
And he has a team of 10. He has a team of 10 people in India, and he sources everything from China. He's like, I don't want to get distracted by even sourcing from India. I just want to source from China, because that's what works. So that's how focused he is on what works.

Speaker  253786:40
Yeah, I've seen it a few times where, yeah, people focus on, I'm thinking about the book like the one thing. But when you're an Amazon business and Amazon's working, and you have a certain process, just do it again and again and again. Yeah, that was a big takeaway for me as well. Of all the things you got, Ka, what's your one if you had to pick one goal for your business? Now, post Bali, what is that thing?

Speaker  261680:00
I don't have one thing. I just write everything down, and then I go, I go, I go and attack them one at a time. So I guess using the workable to find to recruit people is a very organized way to find new talents and cheat as well. So that will be the one thing. And it's interesting that that takeaways was not even from this trip, is from last year's trip, and Marisa shared on her business,

Speaker  271258:40
right? Thank you for sharing, Ka thank you for joining us and sneaking out of the pharmacy. I did not know you were cheating on Amazon like that, and going back to your old your old gig, you

Speaker  278549:20
Brendan Young's course, she'd sneak out just like this,

Speaker  279509:20
I used to close the pharmacy just to attend calls. I

Speaker  283562:40
All right. Next presenting, we have Sau, tell us about your experience, man, how was conference for you?

Speaker  285658:40
That caught me off guard, because he didn't tell us the order of the size car going first,

Speaker  286922:40
you know, but I want things to be organic and authentic,

Speaker  288352:00
cool. This is super organic. Thanks for letting me, giving me the opportunity to share, I think, in terms of the first question, the overall experience of the event, I think was really, really amazing. That said, to give some context, it is my first in person, like a small group business focus event, you know, let alone an industry specific event, like, which is the specific to e commerce. And I've been to conferences, you know, multi day, lots of people, and this was the first one, and it was a great experience. It was, it was luxurious, you know, we were well looked after. We had food, good food. We had a constant stream of coffee, not just like instant coffee, right? Like coffee from a cafe barista coffee, and we order off a menu, and then we had snacks throughout the day. That's pretty cool. So I think I spoke to someone. I think I spoke to someone about it. I mentioned it. I just felt like a superstar. I felt like kind of a big thing being, you know, look, look, so quite, look, well, look after. We've come in the right mood and frequency to operate at a higher level. So that was pretty cool. And then, like, we also blended work and play as well. So and that created a great environment to, you know, build connections, and now with just a small group of, like, 17 people. So that was awesome. That was my experience, top of mind. In terms of takeaways, more for me, it was more higher level. But the one thing that was like, glaringly obvious, the common denominator was like, everyone needs to scale via hiring, just via team members. So in terms of getting your hiring pipeline on point, you know, fostering a high performance culture in your team, retaining the talent. You know, look and then, you know, looking at where your gaps are, revisiting your org chart and seeing where you can, you know, remove yourself from the day to day operations of your of your business. I think that was super, super obvious. And, you know, that's the takeaway. I mean, I sort of knew that was the focus. But to hear, like, pretty much everyone, speak the same tune or sing the same tune, it just made, made it so clear that that's the only way to scale. It's not to add more work or or squeeze as much hours you can from the day. It's just add more people. That's the best way to

Speaker  328069:20
the second thing was also to mirror what Karl mentioned was chimes, you know, approach to product development via like, creating a great product, you know, via five star reviews as well. That was quite contradicting to my usual approach. You know, when you are starting up, you just want to release an MVP, just whatever. And then just reiterate through to that first product, four stars, four and a half stars, just get it out and get it market ready and push it ready for sale. But his approach is just make, like, make sure that you listen to the customers feedback. And that applies to businesses that post just trying to break through the first product. Or, like, we are in a good privileged position to now, you know, invest a little bit now that you've got some cash flow coming in, I can reinvest in, like, developing that you know, your customers love, via feedback, looking at the competitors, but yet also avoiding being like perfectionist and only releasing a perfect product. So it was a good little takeaway to concentrate on. Because he also quantified the difference between a four and a half star and a five star product, and he quantified that you can sell it at a better margin once you provide it like a you just did a little bit more upfront investment in, you know, creating a five star product. But that was pretty cool. And my last takeaway is just like, it's related to my overall experience. It's just like there's nothing quite like being in an in person event and just like having, you know, other like minded individuals just talking shop, you know, they speak your language. We're all working towards the same goals. And yeah, to me, it's just so, so inspiring and motivating to operate at a high level. Yeah, that's my top three takeaways. Thanks, man. Go ahead, yes. And the one thing I'm focusing on business right now, that's my fault. Yeah, that's just, yeah, just looking, looking to get the right people in the right seats to scale my business things like, you know, practicing good HR, genes, hygiene, you know, Team check ins, fostering a good culture, performance reviews, good onboarding process. You know, that's, that's, that's the one thing I'm focusing on.

Speaker  366234:40
What steps have you taken already in your hiring process? Are you looking to hire anybody, or is it mainly just like going through your processes with your team.

Speaker  368784:00
Uh, yeah, I just, I hired my first full time hire two weeks before the event started. So, like, so I mean that that's already in process. I already had a plan, but it just made me, like, focus it. Like, you know, go dig, dig even deeper and ensuring that, you know, they are still meeting up. They're still, like, reflecting the company culture, just trying to nurture them a little bit, have a little like, bit more check ins and not be so abrupt. If my messages like, Hey, do this. Hey, do that. Yeah. So I'm just a bit more conscious on how you know how I want to how I want to present myself to my team members as well.

Speaker  380778:40
Oh, thanks, man, thank you for sharing my pleasure. It's come up twice now, so for those that didn't attend the event, I can just give some snapshot about the five star one. If I miss any crucial points, just someone just jump in informally. But the idea is that a five star product, in the long run, makes so much more money than a four and a half or a four star product. And his goal then is he just saw a competitor launching products and always doing so well, and they're always top of the market, and even if you have less reviews, if you have a

Speaker  392469:20
market share. And so his goal was just to make sure the products He's launching are as perfect as he can make them. So I went from like getting samples and working out, analyzing reviews, fixing every part of a product that he could think of, to even flying out on the first order. They'll fly out his team member to China, and they'll be there to inspect the order and make sure everything is working well. And even for inspections, he pays extra to make sure that they look over every unit. And those are little things that are they take, like a quite a bit of effort. But if you think about how much effort that is in terms of money, compared to the ROI you get in your business, when you sell, when you scale, and how much a negative review or a defect can hurt a product launch. It was a good reminder for me as well. Eric's been helping or consulting. After the event, we had our little like slum working slumber party and and so part of it was like, Well, did you do this check? Did you do that check, and I'm like, I want to launch my product. It's almost ready. Like, we should do, just do a patent check. Or, like, let's look at the let's look at, let's have the label reviewed. Just double check. And it's a good reminder, because yes, it's like, maybe now it's going to take a couple more weeks and a few $100 more. But what if there is something I one time used a wrong trade name in a product, and then the person had a trademark on it, and so they contacted me, and I had to pay him a royalty for all my sales, so I had to give him 200 grand. And he's like, Dude, you could have just done a 32nd Google check and Jessica smiling, and I'm like, Yeah, Jessica, that's how I teach my students, too. And we just, it's the small things that you can just take that little effort, but then it could make a big return. And I'm just surprised. I thought, like five stars a myth if you don't manipulate your reviews, but certainly, who's doing it? Okay, let's jump to our last prepared person, and that is Scott. Cool.

Speaker  429946:40
Thanks, Jonathan. All right, I'll, we'll try not to rehash too much of the same stuff, but I've got, actually, yeah, I guess similar experiences to Ka and Sau in terms of things I really enjoyed. For context, I was actually at the Bali event last year as well, so have a bit of a comparison that I can make, even though I was not trying not to compare when I was there. But yeah, the location was awesome, super walkable. We could go to the gym in the morning, like Sau mentioned, we were really spoiled with our coffee orders multiple times a day, massages, things like that. So just generally, you get, you did feel quite pampered, which, you know, we only really had to worry about, you know, talking to people. Make sure you're talking, you know, you got a chance to talk to that person. It was very well organized in that way. Also, the fact that our presentations were organized in the morning, just into these short, sharp, little 20 minute blocks, I think, was definitely something you know, that was improved from last year, and just kept the energy high in the mornings and then, yeah, the afternoon could be sort of whatever it unfolded to be. One of those was when we went at being which was super fun. And, yeah, it wasn't a race, but quickly kind of turned to some kind of race.

Speaker  453744:00
Neither Tiger there, I could tell he was keen on racing, so

Speaker  455173:20
be quiet over there. Yeah,

Speaker  457573:20
the high trust conversations that you could have just in the small group is pretty unique, I guess, especially being down here in Australia, we don't have access to a lot of events, so yeah, you can be really candid about your brand and things like that. Just have a lot more context to whatever issue might be talking about, versus a larger event. I really appreciate that. Yeah, and just tons of laughs, like everyone was just had good, good vibes, just generally. So yeah, I thought it was super fun. And some, some real interesting personalities as well, in the mix, like from last year, committed to last year to this year, it's like it was a good, I think about half the people I knew from last year, but then half were new. So kept it, kept it interesting. All right, so I'll move on to my takeaways. Yeah, I think it's funny the hiring thing, because I think that's probably the most universally applicable subject to talk about. So that's what resonated with me as well. I would say, going into this event, even in the in the bus on the way from the airport, me and a few other guys are talking about, you know, what are you hoping to get out of the event? My expectation is always pretty low in terms of something tactical or, you know, a piece of content. It's more about the relationships. But that said I was, you know, I guess, like nicely surprised to be able to take away some stuff from the event that I can actually implement, and even if just one or two things, I think that's, that's plenty. So I think what I write down here, yeah, I think just working towards this idea of having a player hiring system, not ad hoc. Hiring was was really interesting for me, talking to Mario and Fernando about how they've got, you know that they're hiring.

Speaker  491125:20
I have the job open for six months. The job add up for like six months before they even try and fill that, just to make sure they've got a good they're finding the right candidate. That was pretty eye opening for me, because I'll get to the point in a minute, but yeah, I need to do a bit of hiring. So I thought that was, that was a good, yeah, good tip there. There was a bunch of talk around workable, as Ka mentioned, Ka mentioned, I don't know if castle on the call or not. She is maybe, but yeah, she had a recommendation for an agency out of Europe talents boutique that think she's hired for, hired from, for European talent, recommended by Toma, and she gave us some examples of some salary bands for creative manager and Ops Manager, which I'm personally looking to hire next year. So that was really valuable for me. Callum had a cool tip around a thread of reference check where you would, I can't remember the exact details, but yeah, you would basically ask them for a direct report contact at their previous job, even if you weren't going to contact them and see how readily they would offer that up. Which I thought everyone seems to quite like that. That tactic. There was a bit of talk about head hunting and what tools to use LinkedIn recruiter, as Ka mentioned. Ka and I had a funny chat around the types of people she won't hire, which I like, I like sourcing opinions, like extreme, extreme opinions, so I can sort of figure out where I fit on a certain scale. Yeah, Ka had some funny things around. She won't. Hi, I hope you don't mind me sharing Kat and if you're still in the school, but she won't hire moms and a few other things, and she only hires out of certain couple countries. And I thought, thought that was that was pretty interesting. And she was sort of guessing me up to try and hit hunt our PPC Manager, who's currently we're working with through an agency, but she's basically telling me she fits the bill for head hunting. So that was an interesting chat. I probably wouldn't have this chat with anyone else you know at a regular event. So that was quite unique. And yeah, I think I'll just there was a few other things there which I think were interesting, not necessarily applicable to me right now, but Neil gave a interesting chat around Zapier agents and how we might be able to set one of those up quickly. Not something I'm looking to do in the short term, but definitely something that we could pass off to a team member to explore, not right now for me, though. So yeah, one thing I'm focusing on right now, the immediate short term is sort of clearing my immediate plate, which is a couple of product launches for fourth quarter, and I do know this for next year, we're basically just pausing everything to walk a little bit so we can build our team out so we can then speed up again. So that's why I was particularly interested in the hiring related content. I think I just had a little bit of a mindset shift around, well, I just needed to hire this, this role, so I can get back to doing what I like doing. You know, which is more the creative stuff. But I think where I got to after the event was more, no, I need to build core competency around hiring top tier talent and have that as something that we really develop in the business. And like sort of Sau mentioned, that's, that's really the only way to keep the business growing so but yeah, that's sort of, that's sort of my takeaways from from the event.

Speaker  550661:20
Oh, and so you'd say your main thing you're focusing on right now is the higher end part?

Speaker  551909:19
Yeah, it will be, once I get through this current bottleneck of creative related to a couple product launches, which we have a hard deadline of getting life before Black Friday. So I think, yeah, I went into the event knowing this is what our next focus was, but it was just reinforcing for me. All right, cool. This is absolutely what we will be focusing on next.

Speaker  557898:40
Are you still doing the creative yourself? Yeah, yep, it's difficult when you're very good at creative to let someone else do it.

Speaker  561536:00
Yeah, totally. I mean, actually, yeah, my, my, my talk was more about how I'm trying to get off those tools as well. And it was before you got there Kristen. But yeah, that was sort of what I was it is. It's kind of, it is tough, but, I mean, it's got to be done. So that was actually one thing I went into the event hoping to find out was, if anyone has there was a lot of talk about hiring a designer as well, like, who to hire and where do we source these designers from, these unicorn design designers, especially, to try and maybe bring them in either in a part time capacity or so, yeah, and then whether you need a scene designer, or what type of level you need. So that's actually one thing. I went into the event with some questions around, but I found that most people were asking a lot of the same questions as myself and didn't necessarily have the answers. So yeah, maybe that's something.

Speaker  576784:00
There's a guy in Melbourne called Scott Maggs. He's really good.

Speaker  577888:00
Yeah, he's

Speaker  578512:00
cheap too. Yeah, he's pretty

Speaker  579504:00
baby. Just ask him. He's got loads of time.

Speaker  580752:00
Yeah, I can't even afford him. Honestly, yeah, now that was awesome. Such a good event. Like Sau said, we've chatted about this already, a little bit offline, and yeah, I had had a few days in Bali by myself afterwards just to decompress. And

Speaker  587445:20
I I definitely, definitely time well spent. And great to great to, you know, meet everyone in the flesh.

Speaker  589178:40
Did you? Did you do? Did you end up doing a cold punch?

Speaker  590458:40
I went to a couple of different sauna slash spa places,

Speaker  591786:40
and, yeah, do the whole Sunday therapy with the sound and everything, yeah,

Speaker  592911:59
yeah, did, yeah, I went there. It was, it was cool, you know, I went to this one place down at uluwadu, and they had, it was like the Sunday sound therapy, but they had like a live band and couple different spas and sauna set up and cold plunge. It was kind of like being at like a club or a bar, but it was, like, related to being in the sauna. So they had drinks and stuff. It was pretty cool. It's not really like, probably be more fun if you in with a whole bunch of people, you know. But I know I went there, hung out, just did it. And I'm glad I went and went to another one as well, which was on sort of a cliff, face down at Uluwatu as well, which was awesome. No phones allowed there, which I thought was pretty cool. So couldn't take any phones in there. But yeah, it was just a sauna and spa place. Cold plunge. Yeah, it was super good.

Speaker  606554:40
That's awesome, Scott, we'll have to do that next time.

Speaker  607370:40
Yeah, yeah. Could do it was, yeah, I reckon, I reckon I'll be down for it.

Speaker  609344:00
So good. He invited me. He invited me to to attend, and I had no idea what he was saying, so I had to ask chat. GBT, Hey, what is Scott asking me chat? GBT gave me very simple American English,

Speaker  614213:20
yeah, you correct me out with your screenshot. I thought you were just joking, but then I saw my text, and I did have a like, a lot of Yes, like, slang built into it,

Speaker  616437:20
Aussie slang, man, I had no idea. I felt like I was an old person. Like, what are these kids saying? I gotta red check this arvo. I'm skiing, yeah, no,

Speaker  620026:40
it was awesome. It was, it was real nice down oluwatu.

Speaker  621482:40
I also took a couple days after the event. Man, it's something I recommend for everyone when you go to a big event, if you really want to have a shift. I got the idea from Strategic Coach. Which Strategic Coach? They have these ideas like labeling days. Like, some days are your hustle days, some days are your think days. But like, after a huge event, you met all these people, you got all these ideas to take a day and just organize your thoughts, reflect on everything that happened, and make a game plan for yourself. Because for a lot of us families, once we land the airplane, lands back from the event. We're back to being mom. We're back to being dad. We get busy. Next thing you know, like, Did we really maximize everything that we had from that event? There were so many people, so much content. It's something I so a lot of times. Yeah, right now, but I will tell my wife an event is one day longer than it actually is, and I bake in my reflection days. That

Speaker  637194:40
was actually suggested as well. A few of the guys were like, can we just add, like, an extra buffer day on to the end? So yeah, because otherwise, trying to sneak it by the wife can be a bit challenging. That's right. Cool.

Speaker  641472:00
Kristen, what was a big takeaway for you from the event? Anything you've been one thing you've been working on?

Speaker  643296:00
Um, yeah, it was great for me, because I obviously attended the event last year, and I just needed to be fired up again to be honest, like I because I landed, I decided to come to the event. I wasn't coming because of a family issue, and then last minute, I was able to come, and I made the decision at like, five that morning to get on the plane. At 10, I hadn't prepared a presentation, so I was like, I'll just talk about where I'm at. So, you know,

Speaker  652426:40
I don't know what to do. And something that really stuck with me was something you said, Jess around joy. And that's, you know, I must have been meant not to go on the bikes, because I think it was that day when we were there. You're like, you know, the you need to want to do it. And I'm a really creative person. I come up with ideas all the time. I always have, and I need to be in that space again. And my the brand that I have currently is just not giving me that, you know, like, what? I need to take it in a completely different direction in order to get the joy. And so the joy actually means then that I will actually care about or take the time out of my life to build this thing, because I love it, and it's something that fulfills me. And I think it's really, really important takeaway for me. I've just been in a really creative space, back on track with my second brand, and I'm in such a better space, so I really need the reset. Thanks for that. Yeah, I think you were in a very like you said, when you came to Melbourne, very, very similar situation. You know, you were going away, like, Where can I take this brand? I've just researched, you know, all of these and our current our brands, our first brands, are probably in a similar niche. Yeah, it's just, it's just so saturated. It's so Chinese based selling it to us, so tariffy, and, you know, it's bloody water everywhere you look. It's hard to be creative, very hard to differentiate. And I don't want to play in that space. It's not, yeah, fun, joyful. So yeah, actually making the choice. I'd made the choice a year ago and gotten back off track thinking I should do, I should concentrate on my current brand, but it's not working for me, because it's not lighting me up. That's it. So, yeah, I'm happy now. I'm like, engaged

Speaker  682922:40
Whoo.

Speaker  686762:40
Hu got on the call. Linn,

Speaker  687722:40
yes, hi, hey. Linn, Hey, see you. Anything any big this is all just a spur of the moment. But is there any one thing you've been wanting to work on in your business from the conference, or one big takeaway you had?

Speaker  691312:00
Well, actually, everybody's been talking about recruiting and stuff like this, so I actually am considering to maybe actually recruit locally. I had some conversations with people, and there is definitely some roles that I'm really happy to have overseas. But there is so much going on and so much that I want to do that I'm just wondering if it's the right decision to to recruit in some of the countries that we're currently doing, and just been thinking about maybe finding someone even in Australia, and pay them quite a good salary to really try to go next level. Oh, sorry, I think you mute,

Speaker  707712:00
no, I got it. Do you know how you find that person? Are you going to go on LinkedIn? Are you going to get a recruiter?

Speaker  709733:20
I'm still not 100% sure about this, but I think I go on LinkedIn, I've been talking to quite a few people in not just in these type of businesses, but other businesses that operate the same way. Like a good friend of mine, she has a completely different business than ours, but she has a large team of people in the Philippines, for example, I think she has around 16 people right now, and she's hired locally, and it's really, you know, changed her life and the business. So it's, it's hard to know. Like, I'm not convinced that this is the way to go, but I'm quite intrigued to go down this path.

Speaker  722400:00
Yeah, it'll be fun to see I mean, definitely, like, we have people local, but it does help to not feel as low if you could see them in person. You mean, locally means you can actually see them, right, like they're working next year.

Speaker  725573:20
I don't have to see them in person. I had a lot of conversations about this with Callum, for example, because he's recruited for this type we're also an operational operations manager that is literally your right hand. Yeah, it's just because I I don't want to really put things on hold, and I don't want to be recruiting myself because I'm so happy that I'm not doing that anymore in my life. So really, just finding really skilled person and pay them. Yeah, so that's where I'm at. This is my like, that's what I'm thinking about after after Bali,

Speaker  741728:00
I'm happy to have a chat with you after if you want. I do have about eight or nine employees locally, so I think I'm actually thinking about transitioning to all remote.

Speaker  745269:20
Yeah, yeah. I'm

Speaker  745957:20
actually advertising for someone quite senior in like a marketing lead type of role, and I'm obviously trying to headhunt them through LinkedIn and then go through the the funnels that we talked about through the whole Bali trip.

Speaker  750746:40
Yeah. And, and what countries are you looking at? For example, uh,

Speaker  752570:40
look, I think there's great talent in every country. It's just whether you can find them, and headhunting is usually the way for that. At the moment, I'm looking for Malaysia, in the Philippines,

Speaker  755520:00
okay? Because I use the whole workable things. I did it with Marissa. We did it together, so it works. Oh, did we lose him? Yeah, I was just gonna say it works there, but yeah, in some other roles that I've had, I've had, I don't know, maybe I'm crazy. I don't know. They don't have to be based in Australia either they could be based in the US, but it's just finding a higher level, level of talent. Really. I think that's what I'm after. And I would be very interested to go and recruit in Europe, because I know it's so much good talent there, but the hours are just very tricky. And then I go back in thinking how it's going to work to keep people long term. And I know people can jump on the roles, and, you know, like, yeah, they will jump on it, and they will take the job. But if you really want to keep someone long term, I just think it's really high risk. That's where I'm at. And lots of these roles are just not suitable for people. Like, for example, I already have people in Pakistan. But when you go into marketing roles and things like this, it's just not always suitable. So it's definitely a tricky situation. But I'm not talking about like I understand that you have lots of role that you have recruited for in Australia. I totally see what you're doing, but I'm talking about just this one person so to keep recruiting overseas, but this one person that would be working like with Me. So it's just one role, just one role you

Speaker  785552:00
great talents here too, in Australia, it's about finding the right one and putting that 110% it's kind of like, yeah, what everybody wants? I haven't found that in Australia, unfortunately, and for me, it feels like it gives me more work to do to just manage them. So maybe I'm different, yeah? So,

Speaker  792053:20
yeah, no, that's not what I'm after either. But it's interesting, because I'm talking to a lot of people that are not in our industries, but still, that has been, have been managing to find these people. So let's see what happens. Let's see. If I do it, I will definitely keep everyone, everyone posted on the progress. But yeah,

Speaker  799482:40
well, Ji, what was your since you're talking, what was your takeaway, man,

Speaker  801712:00
look, I think many of you guys have covered, have covered the hiring process. I'm actually doing that right now. I've got two roles, you know, in place. So for me, he was, you know, a game changer for me. I'm always on Upwork and fiber and start hiring just people I end up just getting rid of after a couple months. But, yeah, this definitely will change the game and how the business will proceed. Other than that, look, I think many people cover the same thing. I'm just gonna say it. You know, it was a great trip. Was great meeting people. It was inspiring. It motivated me. I think I'll do it again, just for that. Even I'm not really Amazon that way, but I'm happy to just meet everyone and get inspired.

Speaker  815882:40
Yeah, it was great to have you. If you ever get it down, we want to focus on it. But like, I think the way Amazon's getting harder, we have to do more stuff that's applicable across all kinds of businesses. And that's for having, like, driving traffic, conversion, buying traffic. Like, once you learn how to do that, you can sell anything.

Speaker  823029:20
Yeah, definitely. I mean, look, I looked into a lot of the AI stuff. Actually, that was one thing I also implemented into my creative strategies. That is a, you know, definitely something we should all use as well. AI is becoming so much useful, and we should take advantage of it, you know, like the transitioning from the next level is AI will help us to do that. So, yeah, I'm working on myself with my team, and I'll let you guys know next year how I go. Sweet, yeah, he's getting white.

Speaker  836576:00
Jonathan, what's up? Oh, you thought that was my new brand?

Speaker  839301:20
Yeah, it was. I did look into it. It's a quite a profitable business, especially when they selling that. They got brands in Australia. It's called, I think it's a dude wipe.

Speaker  842661:20
Yeah, really. Well,

Speaker  843514:40
yeah. Like, consider what how much they are. They're like, 40 or $50 for a pack of 60, like I buy for my son, but we have, like, a six pack, and they're like 20 bucks, exactly the same thing, maybe a little bit thicker. Who knows. But, yeah, it's very profitable business?

Speaker  848704:00
Yeah, there's a lot of ways we can take it. I won't say publicly how we were discussing it. In the lot of things you can do it. Then let's hear Ryan. You on the call?

Speaker  852448:00
Yep. Hey,

Speaker  852832:00
can you hear me? Hey guys, yeah. What was,

Speaker  854325:20
Sorry, can't hear you, Jonathan, thinking on me, yeah,

Speaker  855525:20
we're just doing a quick ground fire of big takeaway. What was one thing from you, man from the conference that you've been

Speaker  857077:20
working on, I think, I think it's like, for me, yeah, the stuff like hiring and AI, like, I think, like, quite a lot of you guys said that actually, I started looking, or, like, started thinking about, like, hiring from Malaysia after, like, speaking to Ji, just because it's quite near to Singapore, but, but you still get that wage advantage. So, so so I could, you know, still meet with the guys if I need to, but don't pay, like, you know, Singapore,

Speaker  867664:00
and then, like, the AI stuff, like, you know, just seeing what's really possible with those and Like, in terms of, like, the photos and the videos and then, and then, I guess, like the main one was like, kind of like the the in a way, like the basic stuff, which is, like, always, like launching new products to grow. So like, I think, like Linn presentation, where she launched, like, I think, a lot of skills in the last year, which contributed a lot of growth, and then, and also, I think, like, speaking to Sham, who he was, basically, like, launching a lot of product. So I think, like, one of the things that stuck with me said, like, you know, like Elon Musk launches like a satellite every two days. So, so so,

Speaker  885280:00
you know, two months or so, so, yeah, yeah. So that's, yeah, that's probably off the top of my head. Like, that's probably, like, my main takeaways,

Speaker  888613:20
right? Think we have one person here who hasn't shared that was at the event, double checking Jess. I want to hear from you also, how was your experience organizing the event? Take a bow. Oh.

Speaker  892826:40
Marissa is amazing. So it didn't feel like heaps of extra work. I mean, you put in a lot of extra time, but it didn't feel like work, if you know what I mean. Um, yeah, loved doing it with her. For me, I think I enjoy the retreat more because I am part of it, of organizing it and bringing it together. That brings me like again, to use that word, a lot of joy. So, yeah, just loved it. Part of creating this for me, this like, you know, I got back from the retreat and I was thinking, okay, tactically, what did I get out of it? And there was tons of things. Like every presentation I got something from, I learned a new thing, a lot of things, because I'll be launching this supplement brand in a few months time, a lot of the presentations will definitely come into play then, whereas with my toy brand, yeah, kind of as Kristen said, I'm in a bit of maintenance mode there. But like, Yeah, so like, quite a few tactical things that in the future, for sure, will be so helpful. But the main thing for me is that it ignites me. It makes me love my business, love the people, love the network I'm in. And that you can't learn, do you know what I mean? You can't read about that Facebook post. So for me, that's that's priceless. I walk away just with this, like, yeah, Ryan, like all of us touched on it a new motivation, new vision, being around people who speak my language, yeah, and are crushing it, like, $20 million like, and they're just a normal person. I love that. So that was cool. And then all of the side conversations we get home, and Linn was talking about, okay, what does everyone do with your money in air wallets? Like, at times, I have hundreds of 1000s of dollars sitting there, and she's like, Oh, I use the yield account. And I'm like, What? What yield account? So, like, things like that that come from being at the retreat, and then, you know, those side conversations. So that was really cool, yeah, yeah, it was,

Speaker  933520:00
yeah, the I when I got back from the event somewhere, I'm like, Honey, I think I'm a different person. Sometimes I can't I come back from an event like that was a fun event, but I came back that time. I think, I think I'm a different person. I feel, yeah, refresh, recharge, really was a good event. So I'm hoping we can see more people there next year. We won't have to expand it June. We would love to see you there next time.

Speaker  942042:40
Yeah, that would be awesome. No, I didn't, I didn't. It's just our, our busiest period right now. So I'm in the middle of lunches.

Speaker  945456:00
Yeah, that's right. If all of you haven't had a chance to meet June, she's like, one, she's so kind, so sweet, so nice, but she's, she's a savage, like, I take any business topic and she's, like, an expert at it. Usually everyone's like, Oh, I specialize in one thing. Except June, she's a genius at everything.

Speaker  951413:20
I'm just curious.

Speaker  952549:20
It'd be great to we can have a, we can probably even just do a call with you, one of these mobile calls. Just pick your brain. We can, well, we'll be fine is we can have, like, Ask Me Anything with June, and you can just take all your struggles in business, and June is just gonna have an answer for everything. No pressure, June,

Speaker  957290:40
yeah for most things, but not everything. A lot of things cool.

Speaker  959498:40
This was a lot of fun, everybody. She attended up we have fears. Oh yeah, Belen, saying that you also attended the US time zone, mobile calls.

Speaker  963408:00
Yeah, those are good. They're really interesting.

Speaker  964592:00
Yeah, the one with Matt Altman, did anyone watch? That

Speaker  967045:19
was highly Yeah, highly recommend. I almost thought about doing a mobile call for us just to talk about that topic, about using external traffic to launch highly recommend. Check it out, because then we can have follow up conversations. But basically what he does is he buys viral traffic from Reddit, Tiktok and x, and then he sends it, and it's really cheap. So what he does is, I have one minute to say it, but he does a 90% off this product advertisement, and that gets everyone to click it, and then it goes to your listing, and it's not 90% off, just the advertising says 90% off, and that gets tons of people to click on the listing for pennies. And he creates viral traffic from Reddit and Tiktok. And then just and then he says, when he does that, he sees an organic lift on all his keywords, because Amazon has something in their algorithm. Products going viral, you know, give make sure that product gets exposure.

Speaker  983861:20
There was an Amazon science paper on this, I think, in October 2023, and so you're sending social traffic to rank. It is for traffic, not conversion, but it's black hat, so don't use your account. He's actually buying other accounts to run ads.

Speaker  988746:40
True. Yeah, that's funny when Matt Alban speaks. I've never really seen this before, but then MDS has a disclaimer. Many, lot of these strategies are black hat. They're for what your competitors might do and so informational purposes only,

Speaker  993632:00
I was worried too, like the effect on conversions. I don't know whether there's like trash and

Speaker  995488:00
trash and conversions.

Speaker  996128:00
He's not doing it for conversion. So when he's he's just doing it to rank because he's sending traffic,

Speaker  1001109:20
yeah, like, I think you can assume, if it's gone viral, that the conversion rate would take a hit. Anyway, I'm just saying, would it have an impact on conversion rate? But I think the algorithm would be smart enough to know this is viral. It's probably going to be low converting.

Speaker  1005722:40
I asked him, I think his conversion rate is something like point 2% when he's running this traffic and you're running PPC at the same time, and then once you get an overall like reset in terms of baseline sales, then you optimize, obviously, your PPC for conversion at that point. But he's not doing anything for conversion. Yeah, and you will, if you run it on your own ad account, you will get yourself banned. So don't run it on your own ad account. Yeah.

Speaker  1013333:20
Hmm, after I watched it and then I took marissa's presentation, I was like, Okay, I gotta get a Hu to do this for me.

Speaker  1018613:20
This was a fun call. I wanted to keep to the hour, just I know everyone has it blocked off for the schedules. Next month, we're going to have our very own Sean Sau is going to join us, and he's going to go over how he was able to grow his business from eight figures to 25 million through optimizing, I believe his main image the product and how much she does, preparing and researching for products. So it's gonna be pretty good. Anything jump at you or anything, keep the conversation going in the chat. That way we can stay engaged. This is our chat now our mobile call, so we can make it more informal. We can keep talking in the group chat. This will not be shared with other MDS. It's ours. So I'm really hoping that our chance to connect and share we can have some big transformations. Okay, cool. See you guys.

Speaker  1032885:19
Bye. Guys. Cheers. Thank you. Bye.
