9. Anthony Bui
Date: November 27, 2025

Speaker  1360:00
All right, guys, I'm Anthony, Louis Tran I am been around since 2018 I think that's maybe when MDS started 16. That was probably wrong. Then, not too long ago, I paid off my mom's house. I'll pay off my dad's house soon, and maybe I'll get a 911 after that, in 2000 last year, I did about 7 million, but this year, I should be on track to do, I think, 12 million with things. How things are going. I have about 15 team members, all fully remote in my past life, I was in management consulting for just a year and a half before I went full time on Amazon. Since I quit, I did have one SaaS exit, if you guys ever use pixelify me, that was me. Thanks for supporting. Yeah. Okay, all right, so I'm just gonna kind of go over about just some of the things that I'm doing on Tiktok shop right now. This is a screenshot from a few days ago. So I use hive, HQ for Profit Loss dashboard. I don't know if you guys what you guys are using for Profit Loss dashboard, but my my friend for Nano owns the software, so that's why I use it and support him. But I am curious to see other dashboards. I didn't see anyone talk about it. My goal for Tiktok is to just slightly break even. I don't really care about profitability. I see it as a way to build a content engine, right? I think the idea of owning like, if I could have a media company, that'd be really cool. And I think so this is like the second best way to kind of do it, because in the past life, I used to make content for like YouTube, for my own personal brand and stuff like that, but I wasn't sure how to do it for my brand. And I think this is the best way for all of us to actually really do it as a marketing flywheel. And the reason I also want to break even too is because I was using another MDS members tool, expand dot five to kind of see my LTV on Amazon. And I noticed that, you know, some of our products, we have, like, at least 25% of people come back and we have, like, a good LTV. So if I know, if I can introduce people to our brand or product has really good reviews and they'll stick around. So that's kind of my thought process around that. Let's see. Okay, so we're giving away anywhere from like this is another just screenshot from the dashboard. We're giving away anything from 500 to 1200 samples per month. Last month it was about a 1200 normally it was, I think, around 600 but it seemed like it worked better for us. We do have a lower price point product at maybe 999, we are introducing a Tiktok version of it at 499 because I feel like that's what our Chinese competitors are selling at and doing well at. So we're just introducing it skew, just for that, and our COGS is going to be really low to, like, kind of push it on for that. And like, like, I said, the goal is just to get a bunch of views. So off of those, according to this dashboard, we're getting about 14 million views monthly, and then getting 1000 video post is, I don't know if that number is right, so I was waiting for Fernando to get back to me on like, what that how they defined the number of video posts is. But if we're getting 1000 videos a month, I'm pretty happy with that for sure. So and then rough timeline of events. So I started in November 2023 which I think was like the golden age of the Tiktok shop. I leaned on it pretty heavy. And then what happened in like February, is Chinese competitors came in, and they I didn't do the best job of paying attention to Tiktok as much as I should have. And what they did was they did a low selling price, but high shipping price while I was converting everything to FBT, and then so all my stock was at FBT, and I couldn't really compete against, like their strategy. And it, they ended up soaring, starting to, I guess, outsell me, essentially. And that's what happened there? So maybe a mistake on my part for not checking competition as much. And then throughout 2024 after that

Speaker  71333:20
question on that like, what if you guys found like, is that offer you mentioned this? Like, should you offer free shipping, or is it like, lower price, but pay for shipping? We want you guys

Speaker  74197:20
shipping, and we then change the free shipping, and our conversion rate jump up, series price increase, but our products are less like for like comparisons, they're quite unique because they're psyched, but like, maybe in a competitive space you want to learn.

Speaker  77946:40
Friday spoke about this, like on stage at wirecon, and they were saying, like, yeah, when there is no free. Shipping, the conversion drop off is insane. So like, the creators are being trained to only pitch the products when they have free shipping.

Speaker  82496:00
And they're being told that when it's not free shipping or doesn't, you could do, like, free shipping after like, if your cart value is 25 though that's also like a middle ground options

Speaker  85376:00
test, then it doesn't come up as free shipping on the nest.

Speaker  86253:19
I think it says free shipping over 25 though, so it will have that bad dress day, yeah. And then, because of that, I kind of just like, I was like, Ah, whatever. Maybe it was just a Tiktok. Wasn't the thing to pay attention. I was like, I went kind of paying back, paying more attention back to you, just Amazon, and then later in 2025 I was like, Okay, let's just like, at least set the budget at 5k for creators on retainer. I like the metrics that you guys are using kind of better for, like, how much to charge and how to see if they're doing a good job. But for us, the metric that I held my team accountable to is, like, we'll just keep the people on retainer that are giving us two cents per beat. And then let's see, July 2025, we did a bunch of GMV Max stuff. We had stuff go viral, but we let like, really loose on like the targeting, right? So I know some of you guys have talked about, like, for us, we saw a lot of pimple patches skincare, so we went, like, really heavy on, like, skincare creators, beauty creators. And then we I told my team I was like, just try whoever for this like month. And it actually worked out really well for us. Because, you know, it turns out other creators outside of beauty also have pimples, right? So maybe that was obvious in hindsight, but we just, you know, test, right, test, and then you learn. And then we also started taking out more real estate on Tiktok search pages by releasing other skis and other variations, such as like two packs and then different sizes of pimple patches and all of our winning skews on Amazon just moved it over to Tiktok, ran to the hiccup with the updated fees and went unprofitable a bit. So we, like aggressively reduced our affiliate commissions down to just see if the new numbers make sense. And I think right now we're at maybe two numbers with like 10% and then 5% so for us, the videos that work the best, or like these before and after, type of videos. So we sell, like, a lot of different styles of different patches, from like the stars, your circles, your squares, to these little rectangle ones. And you know, for Tiktok to work, you have to have a, visually, one product for Tiktok, but our formula is always like this, like, gunk type of thing. And that's what's been working out for us. I would say, like, none of the influencer partnerships that we have paid for, like, we experimented on like, Hey, here's $5,000 and they'll post. Like, none of those have worked. Like, they're all have been a negative ROI for us, unfortunately,

Speaker  129232:00
as in, like, it's, it's got stuff inside when you peel it off, yeah,

Speaker  130448:00
so it turns white and it like, kind of absorbs the, you know, the juice under your pimple when you after you pop this,

Speaker  131888:00
all this with some foot patches that you put on, and then it goes black at the end of it. And they say it's toxins. But then I was reading it's like the ingredients, yeah, but it matches when it optimizes or something, it just naturally happens

Speaker  135253:19
that it's not that, yeah, smart. It's visually, feels like it's working, yeah? So we're trying to come out with low coffee. This brand, they have a face mask where it turns different colors once it's, like, done soaking into your skin. So I like your idea of like, okay, the new product pipeline should be products that meet some sort of criteria, visually good on video. So that's the direction we hope to move forward with all of our new product stuff. Team wise, I would love to hear more about your team. So just for example, of my team, all these three people that work on Tiktok, they're on the socials team, is what we call it. None of them are full time on Tiktok, but one person is in charge of, you know, creator outreach, approval Tiktok samples. Are you guys still collecting Tiktok spark codes? Or is it automatic for you guys? They're still collecting them and then adding them manually. Okay, okay, I thought that was just picked it up. Anyways, I I feel like, yeah, not all the videos get picked up, so we have to manually request, yes, yeah, we'll do it for you. So I will not Action Man, yeah, still, it's only like, a 30% rate that you're gonna get it Yeah, if they turn on, like, yeah. But not everyone knows to turn on,

Speaker  158570:40
yeah, because sometimes they'll charge a brand like, hey, I want pay me 1000 I'll give you white list accent. Yes, organically working. They don't want it on ads. You want to wait, but,

Speaker  164800:00
yeah, and then, other than that, person customer service, but they also handle for all of our channels too. On her downtime, she's in charge of just like, commenting, engaging with our creators, and, you know, anyone that tags us, and then the creative lead. She kind of does a lot of things in my company, but she's kind of overseeing the other two while working on product packaging or social media and approving like traders that we want to put on retainer. Problems and next steps for Tiktok. For the longest time, like I wasn't really paying attention to Tiktok as much, but I didn't realize you can do multiple products for sample requests is like, back in the day when the bots first came out, you only could choose one product. So now that we have a couple products, I'm okay, like, let's just send out sample quests for all of them, which is going to be good trying to learn you know more about the team structures and processes that you guys we do scale content creation. I have a good idea of it based off of what you guys shared today. So happy to exercise some of that. The Celica one was a tip I gave earlier that I'm gonna test and hopefully be able to report back to you guys on that. See all of our all of our stuff that we post on our brand page never has gone viral with GMV Max only. The affiliate ones have gone viral for us in our experience, testing variations to increase AOV. I realized that because we've been neglecting Tiktok, we haven't gone through like listing optimization, making the things like vertical, checking all of our keywords. Right now, I think if you search up, like, pimple patches and Tiktok shop, like, we should have a lot of real estate on it, but I haven't checked any of the long tail keywords. Are there? Keyword trackers such as, like, healing 10, four, Tiktok. I don't even know if it's important. No, no, okay, but that's something that came in my head. Yeah, I haven't started split testing, like I do on Amazon, with, like, the titles, main images, and just like, just keeping an eye on what CVR is. So that's next to but I do plan on hiring a full time video editor, a landing page editor, to, like, revamp or, you know, Shopify landing pages. And then I really want to do figure out how to crack a code for community with a brand. So I've definitely done it before with, like, a Facebook group. I'm growing a Facebook group to like 25,000 before, but I haven't done it in like, I guess, for this, for my brand. So I think it'll be a fun new project to try to shoot for and then

Speaker  207386:40
content on Instagram and YouTube as well, for

Speaker  208543:59
for the brand, or for, I think that, yeah, the team is like, putting out on Instagram, but not on YouTube. Yeah, we should be, but it's just we haven't really focused on it. So I don't know you guys, at the beginning, we're all talking about how the reps have been super helpful. My reps have been asked, like, I get like, a new one every six months, and then for the account and ad manager, I've tried to build relationships with them, but they all they want me to do is just spend more money, and they're like, lower or I'm like, doesn't make sense to me. That's about maybe my account is just that they I don't know why. And then, oh yeah, I told you guys. I introduced a new price point skew at 499, versus 999, and that one's going really well right now for us. Yeah, so instead of selling 330 count of pimple patches, we're selling 120 count at 499, so that's just a difference. So I think different channels may need different merchandising sometimes to make things work. You know, are to not cannibalize or Subscribe and Save customers possibly. So I don't think so. I think we do like FPT or something. I think that's for 99 I don't know, but I think our products is so small and light, yeah, I probably, I need, probably double check the numbers, but we'll see, we could be Yeah, but I'll see, as a launch, we'll see, yeah. Yeah, probably losing one of that, yeah.

Speaker  238778:39
Oh, that's good. I met someone yesterday. Her name was a man. Then she worked at Tiktok, and I just told her dad, and she's like, okay, like, she's like, I'll switch you over to, like, someone better, and maybe things will get better, so we'll see. Yeah, but like, I feel like all reps, even for like, meta, Google, they've always been like, Kat, yeah. Well, that was my presentation. Thank you guys. You great bye.
