2. Larry Huang
Date: June 13, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
So this is about how to use chatgpt and ideogram, which is similar to me during AI art platform, to generate product packaging and label designs. I'm Larry since end of 2024 I've been in E commerce since 2014 about 1.5 million revenue in the supplement space. Before Amazon, I got my bachelor's in Industrial and Operations Engineering. I was in consulting for a handful of years, and then my first e commerce business was a high ticket drop shipping business that I exited in 2019, and then, fun fact, I currently am trying to be an Olympic weightlifter. So nice not going that well since I'm over the age of 30 and my joints don't work as well. Is that just a dream you've always had? You know? I just got into it after I used to do like powerlifting on my own, and then look at boy lifting look way more fun. And I saw teen China's athletes. They all look just like super, super jacked. Late year, you know, soon after I found out it's mostly because of PDs, forms, enhancing drugs. So, so yeah, I'm not, I'm not looking like teen China's athletes quite yet. So the goal is to use chatgpt. The first goal is to use chatgpt to learn market trends and design concepts in your particular niche. So the example that I'm going to do is a brand new product, so we don't have any product like it, and we're just going to use competitor images to understand the visual trends. So the first thing we'll do is pull out custom GPT. So there's a link here. I probably should have used that QR code, but if you guys have slides, you'll be able to get the link to this custom GPT uses ideogram 3.0 I think when I was there, it was only 2.0 only 2.0 so I think it's going to be even better now and then. Here's a prompt, and you basically ask it to you feed all of your competitors. I put top nine, my top nine competitors main images, so it analyzes all nine of them. Analyze for Typographic Style, color themes, any particular use of imagery, where the locals place any call outs that they use. And then also mentioned that our design should end up being distinct from the competitors, but kind of aligned with the general market. And then the reason I don't put in any mention of product details is kind of only want this GPT to focus on the visual esthetic and layout, because I think the more you feed it other information that isn't relevant, the more it's going to vary away from the actual esthetic design. So after you do that, then you use chatgpt to generate specific design prompts for ideogram. And the goal was to basically translate the trends that you find into actionable image prompts. So for us, I've tested ideogram and mid journey, and I found a video game to be way better. Ideogram can actually do text. Now the journey will have like a glyphs instead of text. Ideogram actually, if you put quotes around, it'll actually show specific it'll translate onto the image. So I think it works great for supplements. I'm sure you could use chat GPT or play around with GPT is in a generator to play around with mid journey to see which one you like. But for us, the diagram was was way better than all the rest. So after you get all that niche information, you get chat GPT to design different distinct directions. So for for me, I did one minimalist, one premium design, one nature design, one high tech, and then another style that that was kind of wild card to just try to match. Try to find, like, a single esthetic of all nine competitors, and then match that. And then, if you want ideas of different distinct designs, you just ask this GPD to come up with it. And then we, you know, it just generates the proper right for you. And you can just copy and paste the right so, like, these are all the design versions. I mean, probably hundreds. So this is just a collection of some of the designs that we used. And we're basically going here, and we're iterating. So you go back and forth, like whichever ones you like the most. You either take those prompts or those images that you really like, feed it right back in, and then you ask it to tweak it however, however you like, until you and then you feed it back into your gram, and then you go through a cycle until you kind of, kind of get ones that you really, really like. And then once you do find something you really like, you start you send it to design and try to manipulate as best as possible and make any tweaks that you need to. And then for optional refinement, um. And you can also feed in your your your brand information. So here's a see, yeah, you upload your best ones in, and then you introduce other product images that you have, and to kind of get it to merge that esthetic. So for us, you know, we had something like this, and then we sent in an image of our few of our other products, and it added this red band because we have red in our logo. And then from the AI concept to the final design, this is how it kind of went Nice. Yeah, it got it got pretty close, not, not exact. Honestly, the AI design concept still looks a little better. Our renderer wasn't as good as rendering as idiogram was. So takeaways. Use AI to research the visual trends of the market to create strong design groups. With the AI, you can get multiple creative directions quickly, and that way you can kind of figure out which direction you want to go on, iterate, find those designs. And then you can also maintain your brand cohesion at the end, if you want to, if you, if you don't want to match your brand design, then you don't use that as part. And then bonus value add. You can use a service like the televi or pick foo to kind of test it and and see which design seemed to work. Well, I think that that's probably one of the best uses for for these services, is kind of like, just have people say, like, not give a reason why they like it better. Just, just say which one they like better. And I think that's probably the best way to do it, because then you don't have to have them think about why. And I think you get the most honest response in the way. Questions.

Speaker  108746:40
So sorry, do you

Speaker  109178:40
use it? Have you used it for, like, to generate secondary images too, or just package just

Speaker  111210:40
package it so far. Yeah, just package it so far, I'm not as good with it for generating secondary image ideas, but what I do use is mid journey for stock images, or like, what look like stock images, and then putting, having a designer put the actual product or or creating the gallery image from it.

Speaker  116912:00
Yeah. Have you tried using chat, GPT. I mean, there are new features, right, create image or something like that. Have you tried using that one? Do you have

Speaker  119205:19
any I have used? I can't remember what version it was. I feel like it was versions for use the image generator. It didn't do as well. I think within the last like, 1/3, two, there was an update to it, yeah, I think it does much better now, but I haven't used it since

Speaker  123898:40
last month. There was update, yeah,

Speaker  124858:40
was using to generate those images. I'm not sure. Yeah, that looked much better than

Speaker  128234:39
it's Yeah, I think mid journey is great for like people, and video game is great for like products. But

Speaker  130271:59
like models,

Speaker  130671:59
it's not as good with with people. It seems to not if you want realistic looking humans, I think your grand isn't quite there mid journey. I think is the best at that that I've seen so far. I'm sure there's other ones out there that I don't know about. Know about, but it's probably the top three, or the top team generates, probably GB teams mid journey right now. I.
