Tiktok Channel Call Feb 2025
Date: February 05, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Want to just open it up to every, to everybody. Being that, this is our first talk, a little chat, since the new year. Obviously, we all dealt with the shutdown that lasted a whopping 16 hours, or whatever that was. I'm interested to hear about your guys's experience with that. You know, what were, what was it like leading up to it? What? What has it been like ever since? And you know, How's everyone feeling about the future of Tiktok? I'm pretty much, I'm almost 100% positive it's not going anywhere. And then, yeah, how's everyone? How's everyone doing with with ads, impressions, sales, having, noticing, notice anything differently. I'd be more than willing to share my experience. But if anybody wants to share how things have been going these, this last 35 days, or whatever it's been of the new year, and less than that, since the shutdown, feel free to feel free to share. Anyone wants to raise their hand or anything. Theodore, have you? Have you? Have you gotten off the

Speaker  19456:00
ground yet kind of paused as the shutdown was bound to happen, and just haven't really picked back up quite enough. So now I've just restarted GMB Max campaigns, but seeing very little traction so far. But I'm planning on adding another product and do another join brand campaign, and I pretty badly need to get a VA on board, because I just can't handle all of the communication that needs to happen. So that's my number one priority right now and then, yeah, just get some units moving. So that's, that's my plan in the near term.

Speaker  30010:40
Cool, yeah, nice, yeah. It is, you know, it is a full time job for me. I basically just hired out everything else, Amazon wise. And I'm focusing on this because for I just feel like this is where it's at. But, you know, it's fun for me. Might not be fun for everyone. How about anyone else? Has anyone else noticed anything different with because, you know, fato brought something up pretty interesting in regards to how the shutdown kind of, like, slowed things down for him, like, maybe he's not as gung ho as he was prior to the shutdown, and I feel like he's not alone on that. There's a lot of people with that same thinking, um, especially when it comes to how much ad spend is going on on Tiktok. Now, I heard that ad spend is down overall on Tiktok, about 30% I've talked to some creator groups or owners of creator groups who said they're the creators are just over it. Now, you know, they you know. So it's not just sellers or brand owners that are kind of feeling like, oh, wait a minute. You know, is this even worth my time? Or maybe, maybe it is still on the docket, but you're just kind of like, what? Well, whatever. I'll take my time. Let's wait for all this stuff to hash out. I have a feeling that that is having an overall effect on the entire marketplace when it comes to ADS, when it comes to creators. You know, less creators means like the creators that do are still creating, are maybe getting more impressions, more sales, and then you have views. I think I feel like views are up. I've also noticed that violations are down. So I'm just throwing all that out there. If anyone has seen any of that felt to any of that, feel free to share. I'll leave you alone, Brooks, while you're still eating, but Rob, have you? Have you noticed any of that? And you and I haven't had a chance to catch up in a bit. But how's How are ads going for you? Did has your row as improved mine has.

Speaker  62490:40
It's pretty similar, to be honest with you. Man, we're scaling up our content accounts, tic tac accounts, Burner accounts, uh, software creation, more slide shows and more videos, driving traffic to Amazon. So we're at about 100 accounts now, so we're focused on that.

Speaker  67504:00
Yeah, I feel like it's working for that too. Slideshows, anything that's not linking and still, um, just kind of gaining exposure, top of funnel stuff to get people over to Amazon. Those views are doing really well.

Speaker  70901:20
Yep, the views are still doing really well for that and driving people to Amazon.

Speaker  72917:20
I mean, when I prior, so like the days leading up to the shutdown, I did notice that Max GMV was starting to perform pretty well. It kind of just seemed like Tiktok was just trying to cash in as much as they could because they didn't know how long they'd be down. And then ever since we've been back up, Max GMV has been crushing it like I was struggling to get I couldn't even spend my budget at. So they always recommend, like, set your row as to this, and then we would also recommend you set your budget to this. I would do that, and then wasn't even able to spend the budget. And then ever since then, I've like, raised my row as and like, every time I raise my budget, it figures out a way to spend it. And I've been, like, getting row as, like, I haven't experimented with, like, trying to raise it, but, like, two, 2.1 2.2 sometimes 1.9 but it's been really good, and a lot of it is pushing my own brand's content, so there's no commission on that. I know you can set commissions now for your creators, but, yeah, it's been, it's been awesome. So I've been, I've been pretty stoked on that. Now we're just trying to pump out more content so see if vaccine UV keeps doing that. Does anyone else notice that Brooks, if you have a second to chime in with, I know you do a lot of ads or take time,

Speaker  95434:40
sorry. I mean, so the

Speaker  96346:40
chewiest food when you're trying to talk? Yeah. So we, you know what? Last time we had a chat, we discussed how, basically, if you just leave GMB max on, it won't try new creative, and that's sort of been a problem. So basically, we flipped over to GMB max. So we, like, did a bunch of our own tick tock ads manager, you know, see, basically did a lot of our own content, you know, probably put like, 100 200 bucks behind every single video to kind of see what was a hero and what was a zero. And then we flipped it into GMV Max going into the holidays. And it was pretty good. I mean, it was, you know, for us, anything that's over, really about 1.3 1.4 row as like we consider a win, and we are consistently spending 123, $1,000 a day through the holidays, which, you know, makes it a meaningful channel for us, because that puts it, you know, between a million, $2 million a year. So it's not nothing, and then that's just directly on Tiktok. You know, you have to wonder what the spillover effect to Amazon and retail and all of our other channels are. So then the holidays went through. Basically, as we got into January, GMV Max just got slow for us again. You know, we also go through DRY DRY January because we're at hangover prevention or after alcohol. So we switched back to Tiktok ads manager. We ran Tiktok ads manager, and it's kind of just right, like we're spending like 500 bucks a day, kind of at our target, like flipping through things, wasting some money, and then we just turned on GMV Max again yesterday, because our thought is, hey, the Super Bowl is coming up and dude, again, just, it's a night and day difference, like I'm looking at it today, we're already at

Speaker  125386:40
500 and spend with the 2.27

Speaker  126266:40
ROI, which is like, so much better than Tiktok ads manager. So, yeah, it's really frustrating is we go through these cycles where it's like, and I've probably gonna be able to push this up to a few $1,000 day of spend. Now what's really frustrating is we go through these cycles of like, we get to pump the GMV Max, and then all of a sudden we have to it like, runs out of creative to work with, because it's like, not testing the new creative, it's like, and then we have to flip it back to Tiktok ads manager, run super inefficiently for two weeks, and then turn it back on the GMV Max and run efficiently for two so we're like, just kind of oscillating between the two. Like, I feel like our lives would be so much better if they let you run Tiktok ads manager and GMV Max simultaneously. Yeah, but yeah,

Speaker  138645:19
they don't. Have you thought about

Speaker  139754:40
with the new content that's not being pushed by that particular GMV Max campaign? Have you thought about just creating new campaigns every week? So you would just shut off? So let's say you're promoting one SKU, let it run for a week. But you know, in that last week, you got 3040, new creatives shut off that campaign and rebuild the exact same one it typically, you wouldn't want to do that with our our mindset how it's been and ads like you never want to kill off a campaign that's doing well. But I've done this. I've just like, I just turn off that campaign, start a new campaign with the exact same metrics, and let that pick up all the new creators, and it will when

Speaker  151493:20
you say campaign, are you saying GMV Max campaign? Are you saying, Yeah,

Speaker  152261:20
well, I set up my set GMB, my GMB Max campaigns per on the SKU level, yeah, yeah. So if you have a GMV Max campaign going for skew a right, and it's crushing it, but yeah, you're right. I've noticed too, that it doesn't pick up the new creatives. Yeah. So let it run for you know, for however long, pause it. Create a new campaign with the exact same skew, skew a all over again. Plug in the same row as goals and. Budget and let that run, and that will pick up the new creatives. Will it really, that's what I've noticed.

Speaker  161776:00
So it will like, because it hasn't settled on what, what videos are the winners. It like retries, the new creative is what you're saying. Yeah,

Speaker  164592:00
I was under the impression, and I could be wrong. I felt like, even if, like, if you got a spark code and plugged it into your video assets, like the GMB Max campaign, didn't even see it, didn't even know it was there. It was almost like they gave it zero and didn't even know it was there. So I noticed that I even asked my ads manager. She's like, Nah, I shouldn't be doing that. But it was, pause the campaign, start a new one, then it sees it, then it starts running ads to it.

Speaker  173082:40
That would be a lot nicer than having to flip back to Tiktok ads. Manager, wasting money, just raising money. Yeah, yeah. Waste Time and Money doing that. Because it's like, man, if we could just have GMV Max try new creative, then it could run efficiently 30 days a month, rather than 15 days a month, or however long we have to sort of spend with Tiktok ads manager to kind of get spend behind creative, to then flip it back to GMV Max, to get it to try stuff. Okay, that's interesting. We may try that. We may run GMB Max until it slows down, which will probably be a week or two, and then I'll try turning it off, make a new campaign with product a turn it back on and see if run it for a week and see if that fixes the problem. If that doesn't fix problem, we'll have to then do the Tick Tock ads manager trick again. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  187642:40
April,

Speaker  188442:40
hey, Brooke, if you're testing this on the ads manager, are you going in when you re when you turn back on the GMB Max? Are you going in and blocking those creatives that didn't perform from ads manager, nope,

Speaker  191802:40
yeah. Because I feel like we're just

Speaker  192176:00
like, we're just like, forcing Tiktok to consider these videos, because it like writes them off way too early. But then you like, force it to consider the videos, and then all of a sudden they start being more efficient. So like, best example is, like, our best video ever, basically got like 300 views originally, and then we put some spend behind it with tick tock ads manager. And then it, like, started doing well, and then we flipped over to GMB Max, and then all of a sudden it was like, Yep, the money printers, like, on. And then that just ran for like, three weeks. And it's like, well, that video should have that video would have never taken off if we didn't try it through tick tock ads manager. First, Yeah,

Speaker  204618:40
Alex, how is it with creators right now? Like, I just have a few creators that they've been putting out content, and it's like 350 views, like, for past month or so. Like, it's pretty bad.

Speaker  208202:40
And this is like talking head content, yeah,

Speaker  209232:00
content, just the Creator. I just overall, I think, like, just Tiktok shop videos are, unless they're, like, super viral, are not being put in in rotation as much as before, like before, like Tiktok would push even in my own timeline feed for you, page, like, I see way less orange shopping cart videos like more like, if it's something, it's usually like aI talking head video now, yeah, so like and driving traffic straight to Amazon, right?

Speaker  218629:20
Yeah. Well, I mean, I know that there are creators out there that are still crashing it right? There's kids out there. And you can see the data in Kat data, or whatever it is that you use. You can see guys that are still getting millions of views, and their GMB is just through the roof. You go and look at all these videos, you can kind of tell that they're all just kind of, they're trained by creators corner or social army, or somebody your first dollar, and they kind of know what they're doing at in the supplement space is kind of where I spend most of my time. So I think it's just all about, you know, you have to have a good creator that just knows how to do it with a really good hook and a good product. And it's just, it's not easy to go viral. When I first started doing this, I was just doing on my own account, and I didn't go viral until day 52 it was my 52nd post that finally hit, you know, so I wouldn't, I don't know how long your creators have been going at it, but there's probably just something wrong with with that hook, that first three four seconds is huge. Are you

Speaker  235610:40
seeing what right now like? Are you using more of the Tiktok shop like actual Tiktok shop videos, or are you just doing interesting hooks and driving sales to Amazon? So

Speaker  239002:40
all the stuff that I do driving sales to Amazon is my. Mostly slideshows. So slideshow the hook is pretty, pretty simple. It's just a still and that first text needs to be kind of attention grabbing. And then with anything for Tiktok shop, where, you know, we're still going pretty light on that just because of inventory issues. But I've been experimenting. I don't know if you guys had a chance to watch the mobile call from

Speaker  246661:20
last week or two weeks ago

Speaker  247461:20
with shoot. I already forgot his name, Bella. What was his name? It was really good. Anyway, he he went over the whole funnel process of Tiktok shop and how creators or brands really need to focus on the top of that funnel, which is mostly awareness, and then, and then your affiliates or creators can worry about the bottom of the funnel stuff, which is basically closing the sale, getting people to Buy. I found that to be really, really interesting, because depending on what category you're in or what your product is, there's a really good chance you have competitors that are already doing top of funnel stuff for you, and you just need your creators to come in and talk about why you why your product. So we're experimenting with that right now, and it's, it's a little early, and I only have a few guys really hammering it, but it seems to be working. So you're, if you're in, like, the,

Speaker  265189:20
if you're like, in the,

Speaker  266005:20
what's that beef shit that the people are putting on their face, like, if you, if you're launching a beef tallow, I would not even worry about running videos trying to tell people what beef tallow is. That shit already has a billion views. Just come in and start talking about why your beef tallow is better. And I think you'll be, you'll you'll see a lot of traction there. The conversion rate will be higher. So you don't even need that many more views, because people have already seen three, four or five videos about this shit, and in the mobile call, the one stat that I learned was it takes 5.6 touches, 5.6 views. Someone needs to see a video about your product 5.6 times before they buy. So I'm just worried about that fourth, fifth and sixth video, and I'm letting my competitors do one, two and three

Speaker  281045:20
there. It's funny. You say that because we actually had similar situation where one of our like editor videos went viral, like a AI slash hybrid video, and there was no product link, but it went viral, and the search bar suggested search was our product name, and when people clicked it, we actually got the little explainer header From Tiktok, and it shows all the creators that have the Tiktok shop product link, and got a bunch of sales from this video to Tiktok shop. And then those creators, I saw, them, like, hop on. Like, create like, five more videos. Because they're like, oh, pump things up. Like, they seen the sales, and because their commissions are pretty high they like, it creates, like, the snowball effect, which,

Speaker  294389:20
yeah, it snowballs, yeah. And then what I really love about the content that's like, basically just selling your product over your competitors, is that if they're really good and other affiliates see that they're gonna be like, oh shit, you're right. Why have I been promoting this part this whole fucking time, I'm gonna go switch to these guys so that that's kind of that's been our strategy the past couple of weeks. And I'm super excited to hit it. Hit it really hard with even more creators.

Speaker  303946:40
Are you still, Alex, are you still using creators corner? Creators? Are you still reaching? I

Speaker  305680:00
never was. I'm in creators corner. So I kind of like just like a Creator as a creator, yeah, so I'm just kind of like staying on top of everything, seeing all the new brands that are coming in on the job boards and all that stuff, and then just kind of, you know, just keeping my keep my ear to the ground, figuring out what, what's new, what's not but the creators that I find are a lot of them are in creators corner. But I don't find them through creators corner. I have a manager that finds them for me. And I'll tell them sometimes, like, Hey, get me some creators corner guys, because we need a we need some new blood in here. And he'll go find them. But a lot of these guys are are in multiple groups, so it's not not a big deal.

Speaker  318522:40
So what are, what are brands doing? Like they're coming into creators corner, and what are they offering? Are they offering? Retainers off the bat.

Speaker  320656:00
A lot of times, yeah, a lot of times it's a retainer off the bat. Because anyone in creators corner is like not everyone, because there are some newbies. But if you come in with a campaign, you know you can call creators corner like tomorrow and set up a call with them, and they'll they'll create a campaign for you. If they want to take you on. They might just jack your product and run with it, but they will do they'll ask, you know, what's your budget? What are you trying to do? And they'll get you, like, a $10,000 retainer budget. They'll hopefully get 10 to 15 guys. Get you a couple guys who are like, 200 300 400 bucks. Get you a couple killers at 1000 bucks. But the idea is, if you go that route, like these guys need to perform that. I think that still works, like, there's just no way. It doesn't right creators corners, pumping out jobs like left and right, and you see them succeed. But I, I'm, I'm really starting to like the idea of just having with the strategy that I just told you about. Like, now social army kind of creators kind of are more effective, or are, yeah, are more effective than what they used to be. If you went to social army and try to get a campaign going with them, all of those creators, for the most part, like have their own personal brand. So, you know, it's like their name and their Tiktok shop, they don't want to post about one product every single day for 30 days, that's just not going to happen. But they'll post about your product twice a week, and for a while there, if that was all you were doing, that might not be enough. But I think now, like with the better understanding of how the funnel works, that will be enough. You just need more creators, right? So instead of 10 creators doing 30 posts a week, now you need 30 creators doing two posts. Instead of 10 creators doing 30 posts a month, now you need 30 creators doing eight posts a month, right? And I think that will will work as long as their content is following that strategy that I that I just said now, if you're, if you're, if you're a brand new product, something you just invented, and you're coming in the space, and you need that top of funnel work, you're going to need to do some top of funnel stuff too, but you can do that on your own account, or do what kind of what Rob's doing. You know, get like 1020, 30 burner accounts that are just posting top of funnel stuff left and right

Speaker  360997:20
for this top of funnel stuff and the slide shows and AI videos you guys hire off of Upwork, or you find him also on, like creators corner and whatnot. Not creators corner, but like social army, or your first dollar, or whatever. Just yeah.

Speaker  365242:40
Top final stuff is so if anyone hasn't watched two weeks ago mobile call, definitely go and watch that. Yeah. He basically says that, that that should be in house. You need, you know, a brand needs to be on top of that. And if, if that means hiring some people on Upwork and kind of training them on the content that you you want done, then, because there's no, there's really no commission in it for the top of funnel guys, he suggests you don't even link to the product on these, on these, top of funnel campaigns. You don't even link, you just talk about the product and kind of leave people hanging. So if you're going to be hiring that out, or getting a creator on board for that, there's no commissions you could do, like a view bonus, but yeah, you can get it done really cheap. I just hiring someone on on Upwork that can just do maybe either, what is it, AI, or take some of your existing content, chop it up, just get stuff posted every single day.

Speaker  382922:40
Or rob you say you have over 100 counts that like managed by in house. People

Speaker  384336:00
in house. Yeah, we, I mean, Alex and I have kind of a similar strategy on what we call slide show killers, so we definitely have that going still. But, you know, they're a bunch of 15 to 20 year old kids, man. So sometimes they disappear, sometimes they post. So, you know, we we brought a lot in house, so we have a bunch of burner accounts, and have a process to create accounts and manage them and back end them. So we test stuff every single day, whether it's slide shows, AI, green screen, all sorts of stuff. So we're just constantly trying to test and evolve the strategies. But my I want to have a lot of in house, top of funnel stuff. And Like Alex said, I mean, it doesn't have to be, you know, a blatant call to action. Once you do 1000 followers in your burner accounts, you definitely want to put a link in bio, I think. And one thing we measure is profile views. So checking your profile views on some of these burner accounts is interesting because it's kind of surprising how many people actually look at the profile, you know, whether they want to follow it or not, or just looking at it. So it's kind of like ABS talked about a little bit is, you know, the number of people that see it. It just starts to compound. I think,

Speaker  404848:00
well, I noticed this new green screen AI video where they lip sync. What tool did they use? Do you guys know is it arc, ads, agent? I just couldn't figure out what tool they use. They're using captions. App captions,

Speaker  408837:20
yeah, captions, the purple to a purple little icon.

Speaker  409989:20
Most of them, they can use agent too. I mean, you can use agent, but it's just an AI avatar on the front layer, and then the back is B roll. The back is

Speaker  412010:40
just a slideshow basically here. Yeah,

Speaker  413354:40
that's a lazy way to do it. Just steal a slideshow and put an AI guy, but the really good guys are doing video.

Speaker  415338:40
Oh, like a video in the back as well? Yeah. Oh, okay, that's

Speaker  416624:00
the hardest part, I think, for us, is finding B roll that is relevant to the script at scale. Easy to do one off, you know, go find it. And just takes you 20 minutes or 15 minutes, go find it that matches up, and then you got to match it to the script.

Speaker  422096:00
You Yeah, the AI stuff is pretty, pretty crazy, man.

Speaker  423493:20
It works, yeah, it looks very I got full initially. Then you're like, oh, okay, the lips are really in sync. And then you see the same person doing it for like, 10 different products. So you're like, okay,

Speaker  428010:40
there are brands out there that are doing it with, like deep fakes, like they're using celebrities to do it and absolutely murdering it, crushing it. But I don't think it's a good idea, because I got some some inside info that people who are looking to acquire these companies are looking for that if you're doing that, AI shit. They're not interested. I want to buy you. And then it's only a matter of time before some of these celebrities find out what's going on and come after you. So careful with that. If you, if you ever taught that strategy, just let them keep doing, let your competitors keep doing. It be your top funnel.

Speaker  442213:20
Oh, yeah, go ahead. Who's that? Yeah, um, for do you do something that Brooks is doing? Do you, like, test every video you have, or do you verify it? Like, let it run organically, if it gets traction, then you put some money behind it, on on ads. Or what's your strategy with ads? Because, yeah, right now it's weird, like, it jumps high and then low, so fast. It's crazy, like, I don't know,

Speaker  450224:00
yeah, right now my my strategy is super simple. I will revisit it, but super simple. I just get spark codes right away, plug them in and let GMB Max figure it out.

Speaker  453408:00
They're only doing GMB Max, no manual campaign

Speaker  454133:20
for now, yeah, yeah, I had an issue. So here's something I want to share, because this might play into why I'm seeing GMB Max do so well, I did have an issue with it. Was really weird. So I you go into your GMB Max, and you kind of see the creators, the creatives are doing well. So I was figured, okay, well, if this creative is doing, well, let me just turn this off, take that creative, put in an ads manager and pump it, and then I got a violation on that creative. And it's like, well, wait a minute. So Max GMB was allowed to to run ads to it, no problem. But the second I run a manual ad to it, I get a violation. So I had a so that count got suspended, and I closed that so you could open multiple ad accounts. You can have like 510, of them open the new Ad Account started all over with just GMV Max, and that could have been one of the reasons why I got this little refresh, and GMV Max is just crushing it for me now. So that might be something to consider if you're ad if your ad account is not performing well in GMV Max, try opening a new account and start GMV Max campaign there

Speaker  474389:20
for vital viral videos that are not a Tiktok shop, video like a green screen or AI video that doesn't have a Tiktok shop and it went viral. Are you doing a manual ads campaign to it or No, no,

Speaker  478522:40
no. It's just too hard to measure like what you know, the ROI. On that it's already hard

Speaker  480512:00
man. If it's a video, you can add a shop

Speaker  481696:00
like, like,

Speaker  482464:00
Wait, so you

Speaker  482800:00
just put a shop link to a video that's like, not even related to that product in a way. It's not a Tiktok shop video, but you're running as an ad for a shop, yeah, to shop, to Tiktok shop, yeah, it'll show you the ROAs on it.

Speaker  487877:20
Yeah, I do know you're talking about I am, yeah, I am experimenting with that soon, but I don't have enough. I don't have enough to comment on it, but it is the interesting hack that I think might work,

Speaker  492522:40
where the sucky part is you can't put those into GMV Max, like it has to be a Tiktok shop video for GMV max. And as a manager, you can actually get any video. If you get the spark code for any video, you can run an ad on a product. Yeah,

Speaker  497648:00
as long as the product is in the product should be in the video. I think people are getting away with it not being in the video, but the product should be in the video. And I heard that you can even do this for products that are our tag, right? So let's say you have a video that tags a product. Obviously, GME Max is going to be taking that, but you can still take that video and link to a different product you want it to be the same. So you would have to create two listings. I don't know how the how legit this is. So let me get back to all you guys on this. But this could be a way to run GMB Max and as manager at the same time, you have two listings that will split up the sales. But fucking cares.

Speaker  509978:40
I thought about this. You just you, you tag both products, so then you use Tiktok ads manager to run well. So first of all, who cares if you split the sales up too much? Because,

Speaker  513456:00
well, what's 100,000 sales and one and 100,000 other? Who cares?

Speaker  514288:00
I guess the bigger problem is, like the reviews don't look at so just depending on which product they click within the thing, it's going to change conversion rates significantly, right? One's gonna say, you know, in our case, one's gonna say 7000 units sold in 1000 reviews, four and a half stars, and then, you know, and then the other one's just gonna be a brand new, fresh listing. Um, but it would be nice if you could somehow, like, pick which product sits where, so that your top product sits, but you really only have the second product in there, but that would allow you to basically run Tiktok ads, manager ads and GMB at the same time. And in theory, be able to run them at the same time. And if I almost wonder if you could, like, change the title to something that's like, not clickable, like a period or so, you know what I mean? Like, yeah, something that makes it so, like, people do not want to click on that one versus the other, you know?

Speaker  530544:00
Yeah, my understanding, there's a way to do it to where the ads manager campaign only has one product in it, so wouldn't have the original product,

Speaker  533296:00
yeah? So you do exactly, you do that, but you're basically when you're uploading, when you're when you're uploading videos to tick tock. You're tagging

Speaker  535125:20
the you want to make sure your affiliates aren't tagging the wrong one or

Speaker  536261:20
whatever. Yeah. And you're making like, ideally, customers aren't clicking the wrong one. But what you're doing is you're, you're tagging both products so your GMV can just run to the legit one, and then your Tiktok ads manager is running to the non legit one, but they're the same video, so it's, it's actually those people then end up clicking on the real one. If that makes sense, I've thought about doing this. I'm just like, I don't know. It just feels like a weird work around, especially once you're kind of, like, at some level of scale already, you know? And like, is it gonna just kill conversion rate so much? Like,

Speaker  546000:00
oh, yeah, or will you get in trouble for it? Yeah, I've heard about this. We're looking into it. Um,

Speaker  548047:59
yeah. So we'll see. Let's see

Speaker  549119:59
interesting stuff. Rob, have you heard of this strategy?

Speaker  550453:19
No, that sounds too white hat for me. Man,

Speaker  552357:20
you just spend no money. No.

Speaker  552805:20
Man, I mean, it's just, it's hard to spend money. I mean, my experience has been that, you know, can I I can't absorb free shipping, affiliate commissions and ad spend and be profitable, unless you really, you mean, you do it on LTV, obviously, but you know, at a initial transaction, it's really, really tough to do so that we've shifted a lot more towards the in house production. And I mean, guys, you can get really, really creative. Of. And you know, you can download any video you want from Tiktok and post it on any burner account you want. So just depends on how creative you want to

Speaker  562720:00
get. Yeah, and you can say whatever you want when you're not linking. That's right. Did you guys see

Speaker  564736:00
click on how

Speaker  565344:00
many human so Rob's posted, but I sent a link at 12:25pm, Central time, to a LinkedIn post by a guy named Brock who runs

Speaker  568853:20
frost buddy.

Speaker  569477:20
And basically what he said is, it looks like they just stopped tagging their products in videos because they were only getting like 300 organic views, and he posts like 100 videos a day, like he's crazy, and he's like the founder, he literally just, like, forces himself, he puts himself in a room and just like, just does video after video after video. And now look at it, every one of his videos are getting, you know, 10,000 plus views with a few of them. You know, getting into the hundreds of 1000s

Speaker  577616:00
Brooks, that's a great share, doesn't surprise me at all.

Speaker  578688:00
So his thoughts like, dudes, screw this. They'll find their way. They'll find their way over to our shop and purchase the product. Why would I tag the product and then have to spend money on ads. You know, that's

Speaker  581989:20
exactly what I noticed. Is like after the well, it was before even the shutdown, but I feel like people are tick tockers. Just native tick tock users. They're becoming a little allergic to the shop button. So if they see a shop button, they got spam so much they just scroll past it like but when there is no shop button, they think, oh, might be an interesting video. And if it's an interesting hook, and you're not actually selling it, and the viewers not knows that they're not gonna get the commission for the sale, they'll be more eager to listen to it. So kind of like that scammy used car salesman, you know, like when he when you know he's gonna get a commission, but if he tells you, hey, I don't get paid on commission, so I don't care if you buy this car, you're like, oh, okay, okay, so you're gonna listen to the pitch. So that's what I think is kind of like going on.

Speaker  595888:00
Yeah, I wonder. I'm a, you know what I'll do is, I'll typically do the whiteboard type explainer videos for for cheers. I'm trying to get you know last year I was probably in 80% of the content I think this year I hope to be in like 20% of the content production, because it's just such a grind. But I'll go film 20 or 30 comment response videos in a row. And I think what we'll do is probably film 30 in a row, and then upload 15 with the product tagged this week, not this week. It's probably going to be two weeks from now, upload 15 with the product tagged, and then 15 without the product tagged. And just like see what the difference in organic views is,

Speaker  607418:40
it'd be interesting.

Speaker  608090:40
I yeah, if you're posting on your own account, posting more than once a day is fine. So you can do like a post with a tag, post without tag, if you have enough content, yeah, so that'd be worth checking out for

Speaker  612528:00
sure. Yeah, we're posting like five plus times a day now. Okay, cool,

Speaker  613621:20
awesome, yeah, oh, yeah. And it's a lot of content.

Speaker  616709:20
So yeah, I mean, I definitely, when you get off this call, if you have time and you haven't watched the mobile call from last week or two weeks ago, check that out. I think it's like, it's rough rafae or Rafa rafae. Let me double check. Um, super good. So you kind of understand how the phone Rafael huffay was saying, yeah. So it just makes so much sense. Like, how many times have you, like, real noticed how you maybe sat on a video for eight, 910, seconds about some kind of product, and then next thing you know, you know, all your lives and everything that gets fed to you is kind of that something along the lines of that product happens to me all the time. I don't know it's because I'm searching for like stuff in my in my niche, but happens all the time. So, yeah, I mean, if you can get top of funnel stuff going, it makes life a lot easier for for your creators and affiliates. You hear me giving out samples and stuff, free samples and all that. You know you need to make sure that they're set up for success.

Speaker  636410:40
Anyone else have any, uh, any more questions it can be about anything. Man, I know we've been talking a lot about, um, creators and content and a little bit about ads, but um. Cold starts. You know, how's everyone doing with getting going? Anyone have any questions about anything while we have a few guys in here that are doing really well on Tiktok, so now's a good chance to get some answers to your questions.

Speaker  644720:00
Uh, yes, that's me like hiding back here in the back. So my name is BIA, and I have a brand. Since 2019 I started doing the whole Tiktok thing, like, I'm approved, I'm set up, and then I signed up for that creator challenge that they have that your brand. You know, they they send it out to creators, and then you have to commit to a certain amount of ad spend to to use the videos. And then that's pretty much where I'm at right now, because I feel like I don't like, I'm scared of, of doing certain ads and not being able to, like, making sure that it's like, working correctly. So I just sort of wanted to see what's like, some best practices that I could do to just start with the tick tock, because I have the videos, but it's just like, I don't know how to use it to its best. Try to do so if anyone has any suggestions on that, I'm open to it, or, like some best practices, just to start it off,

Speaker  660880:00
yeah, so you said you have a video. So you have a bunch of content from, from, yeah, you've been in business since 2019

Speaker  662389:20
So, yeah, I have content. If you look at the name of my brands, men first. So if you go in there, you're, you're able to see that I have content. I do have a tick tock channel. I I've been playing around with some of the videos on, like the Tick Tock up. I've been putting in them or, but I haven't really advertising on them. And then I have five videos that like UGC from some Tiktok creators that created for me, and it's there, but I haven't really done anything with it, because I sort of, like I haven't really focused on that, so I wanted to revisit that.

Speaker  670954:40
So you're posting this on your your own Tiktok account. Is that account linked to your shop so you can, yeah, and you're linking products in these videos, yeah. Okay, so have you gotten any sales?

Speaker  674336:00
I haven't ran like. I haven't really ran anything. So I haven't gotten any sales from that. When you mean, when you say you haven't

Speaker  676240:00
ran anything, what do you mean? You haven't read like, I just been,

Speaker  676960:00
yeah, I haven't been running ads. Okay? Yeah,

Speaker  677669:20
um, but you are linking to shop, so nothing's really gotten more than a couple 1000 views and gotten yourself. How many, how many days do you think you've been doing this?

Speaker  681637:20
So right now, I paused everything, like, I'm not really doing anything. Like originally, when I first started, I was getting support from the Tiktok like, sales. Usually they'll help you, and then they advise you what to do. And then I did that. I got some sales from that. And then I sort of ran out of inventory. I paused it. So now it's like, I'm just looking to retake it again, but I haven't. I think I'm set up correctly. I think, like, you could see everything. If you go into my Tiktok shop, you'll be able to see it. But I guess I'm just sort of looking to see what like, what are things, what are checklists that I need to have, that I need to start well, I think

Speaker  691600:00
you're in a good spot. Number one, for sure, obviously, make sure you have inventory. And if you have all this content that you can post every day I would be posting every single day. Consistency is probably the number one thing. And I think you're actually in really good spot, the fact that you have your own content, and you can be posting on your own brand account, because every cell you get there you don't pay a commission on now you have a lot of room to mess around with Max GMB or GMB Max, because you don't pay a commission on it. So I would, I would keep, I would be posting every single day. Make sure you post if you have enough content to do two, three posts a day, like, like Brooks, like, do that too. This is like, free. The fact that you have to pay a commission on it is huge. You just think of your ads when you do turn on max JV, think of those ads as the commission to yourself, right? Because it's your brands, your your company, your profits that you're giving up. And then set your GMB max to that, whatever that row as is, you can kind of do the math figure out what 20% would be on your on your cogs and your profit margins. And then just start off with a couple 100 bucks a day. You're only going to be running ads to your if you're the only one, if you haven't done any other stuff, affiliate, outreach, use those bots and all that stuff, right? You haven't done any of that other stuff, GMV Mac is only going to be picking up your stuff.

Speaker  712757:20
And then I just turn that on. I just turn GMV Max, and that's it. And then

Speaker  714357:20
I'll put it, okay, yeah. And then set your row as, and maybe they'll give you a recommended row as maybe they it'll be a little wonky because it doesn't have the data, but set it to what you think it would be like, equivalent of a 20% profit or 20% commission paid out, right? And then try to rattle off some sales there. Sure I wouldn't worry about, like, affiliate Outreach Center, yeah,

Speaker  720960:00
because I was sort of doing that, because everyone's like, Oh, you need to have at least 1000 maximum GMV and then reach out to affiliates, get your own affiliate account and go. So it's just

Speaker  723920:00
create a contest you signed up for complete waste of time for right now, you have zero sales. No one's going to sell your stuff, you need to sell yourself first. That's, that's what I've unless you have deep, deep, deep pockets and you do, like a joint brands campaign and give away a bunch of stuff to get, you know, a couple 100 sales. But if you have content, you're in a great spot. Just post every single day, link to the product, turn on GMV Max and see what happens. Okay, get a couple 100 cells, and then you can start worrying about affiliate outreaches and or these contests that Tiktok puts out and all that stuff. Okay?

Speaker  732842:40
And then every time they'll have like, these little like, recommendation and Tiktok, Hey, join like, shouldn't like do, how active do you do? Do you do those competitions that they have too? I shouldn't even worry about

Speaker  736288:00
that. Not now, not now. Yeah, yeah. I just worry about just getting you need. You need. The number used to be 100 sales, you know, now people will say 1000 sales. It's nice to have that K next to your, your your product. It doesn't have to be that much. But, you know, 1000 is great. You can get 2000 cells. That's when everything kind of starts moving for you. Affiliates will be more than happy to jump on board, and all these contests will be then that stuff will be worth your time. Okay, thank you, cool guys, while we're coming up on 11 o'clock two minutes. Does anyone else have any other question that we want to see if all of us can tackle for you? Yeah,

Speaker  749930:40
just cold summer questions. So as far as like, percentage of sales turning into reviews, we're adding reviews to the listing. And I'm wondering if there's like a you know how Amazon has the three to 8% sales to review percentage, it's similar and as risky on Tiktok to essentially pump reviews to a listing. And if so, what is like the metric? Or do we not really know? And the second question is, I think 1000 sales on the listing is what really helps the flywheel get going, but I'm at like 100 so have you guys seen a big change when it gets like, 200 500 1000 so trying to see if I should just pump a bunch of rebates and giveaways to get over this hump.

Speaker  761989:20
Yeah, question. So I'm not sure what the review ratio is. I know they are, at first, they didn't care, and I know they are starting to monitor it. Now, people are getting their accounts deemed for review manipulation, so be careful with that. But yeah, I would try to keep it around like Amazon's members. Tiktok is just a bunch of former Amazon employees. So I would, I would probably keep it around that and then, yeah, it's a good question. I think it all. It depends on the product too, right? Like, if you're first market, 100 100 sales might work, but if you have a competitor that already has 100,000 cells, then you're gonna need that 1000 cells pretty quick. Do the math and figure out, you know, what does a rebate cost you, and what is that equivalent in a row as on max GMV? And people always like they're so willing to give away product for free, left and right, but they're not willing to spend on ads, or not willing to spend on a creator, a really good creator, that knows how to run as or they don't want to raise their commission from 20 to 30, right? So do that math. Figure out what your row as is. And if you have, I don't know if you're doing content on your own stuff, but if you can do that, that's where the things get easier, because you don't pay any commission on that. Or, you know, if you do have some creators are doing well, get them on board with the fact that, hey, add ad. Ad sales are going to be 5% organic sales are 30 ad sales are five. And then you start running ads to those guys videos,

Speaker  787440:00
yeah, totally. I have them at 30% just have a higher end of the range, because I want to get off the ground, even if it comes to a loss, I don't think mine. So I know the thought that I had is, if I need to pump 500 or 1000 giveaways to the listing, do you think that Tiktok? Would it raise any flags if I, let's say, cut the price in half, did all those giveaways and then brought the price back up, just to lower the amount of costs it takes to generate those leave aids, you know what I mean? Well, that's

Speaker  795754:40
good question. I know in the past, probably wouldn't they wouldn't care, but and who knows, now that they're back and Trump's in office, it's got, it's free for all, so maybe they don't care.

Speaker  799098:40
Yeah, just run a flash sale for that week. That just so happens to be when I get 1000 sales, I'm just trying to minimize the cost and

Speaker  801568:00
then do it rapidly, yeah, run a flash sale, and then use joint brands. Tell them, hey, it's 15 bucks right now, flash

Speaker  803312:00
sale. So go sweep. Yeah. Okay, cool. Those are only couple questions as I try to get this listing fired up.

Speaker  805168:00
Yeah, I definitely think, though, if you have the right content, you have your own content, you're running Max gnV, and Tiktok will let you spend 1000 $2,000 a day. You'll get 100 sales a day on max gnV. I

Speaker  808341:20
set the daily budget to like $2,000 and it spends like, a few dollars a day. There's only, like, I think I had one year 30 creatives in there, and it just not spending so a lot of those creator creatives, or those videos from creators, including myself, didn't have that many views on them to begin with. So maybe Tiktok just decided these are shit videos. I'm not going to serve them. Yeah, but I I'm not afraid to spend money in any capacity. Just, yeah,

Speaker  817424:00
try, try, try, killing that campaign and make a new one. Okay, and then start off like 100 bucks a day. I've noticed that too. Let it expand and then raise it instead of going the other way. Yeah,

Speaker  820704:00
okay, cool. I'll give it a try. Hey,

Speaker  821728:00
ROAs, go low too. And there's also a feature where you can just set, you don't even set your row, as you say, just spend it for Max exposure. Maybe try that. Okay, so,

Speaker  824981:20
yeah, so I'm kind of having the same issue with GMG Max, and I've been gradually reducing my role as so hoping that it starts to spend. But right now, I'm spending the kind of $1 a day or something since turning it back on, so hopefully, over time starts to ramp up. But another thing, going back to reviews, I've had pretty good luck with using joint grants for reviews for Tiktok, and about something like almost 40% of people who have asked to leave a review on Tiktok products have so and so far have, you know, something like 40 reviews, and I asked for just an honest product review, and I don't pay for it. So that's one benefit of using join brands like blast campaigns, yes, they are kind of expensive, but you do get some content, and you do get Rubin's and velocity, so just someone that test it out.

Speaker  841541:20
Yeah? Nice. That's awesome. Yeah, I think join bands is great for helping with the cold start. Cool guys. All right, man. Well, we're a little bit over, but I feel like that was good. That was a good first call for the year. Kind of get the juices flowing again, get everyone excited again. I think this is here for good, and now is a really good time to jump into it. You know, the stats I dropped earlier. You know, 30% spend is down. So ads are performing better. A lot of creators are kind of dropping out. So the creators that are around are getting more eyeballs. Um, check out that mogul. Call that. There's another thing. He gave some pretty good tips on how to build your listings in Tiktok, and how, as Amazon sellers, we're just kind of taking all our Amazon content, throwing it in there. He gives some pretty good tips on how to not do that. Make your listing because your conversion rate plays into virality a lot, right? So if people are clicking on links going your product and your listing sucks, that's going to hurt your conversion rate. Improve that conversion rate, it increases the chances of that video going viral. So he gets some pretty cool tips there, like putting reviews in your in your product description. So check that out.

Speaker  862122:40
Alright guys, cool stuff.

Speaker  862554:40
Thanks, Alex,

Speaker  863626:40
thanks. Bye. Bye.
