MDS Expert Call with SHEIN
Date: November 11, 2025

Speaker  304:00
Thank you Here I'm going to share that we're already live so people start joining.

Speaker  7776:00
Oh, a i,

Speaker  11237:20
Hi, I'm ready now. Hey, Cynthia, where are you based?

Speaker  12469:20
At? I'm based in Los Angeles. What about you?

Speaker  13317:20
Oh, nice. I'm in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Speaker  14117:20
Oh, lovely. That's cool.

Speaker  16357:20
So we're already recording correct,

Speaker  17263:59
not right now, but we will, okay.

Speaker  18720:00
So just Just a quick question. So because Belen is going to also help. So in case, I'm I'm pretty sure we're probably going to have some questions popping up. Do you want to, like, have a note in the comments and tell them that you know you can write your question and you can see and go over at the end. Or I can, like, keep the questions and

Speaker  26517:20
take your name, and that's like what usually works best, but you just let me know if you can take a look at the chat, if you'd rather be you who looks at the chat and sees the questions, or if you want me to read them out to you so you can answer them.

Speaker  31322:40
So I can't see the chat right now. Will it pop up eventually. No, you

Speaker  32672:00
can, if you go down, there's like, a chance symbol, and if you click on that, it'll, like, pop up. Yeah, if you don't, if you cannot see that, or if you'd rather me just feeding out the questions when it comes to time, I'm good doing that too.

Speaker  37600:00
What I was going to do is, in the beginning, just let everyone know to feel free and drop any all questions in the chat. Unfortunately, I cannot take live questions for the most part, unless it's a very easy one, very straightforward, but otherwise, I'll make sure to circle back on all of them, whether, if you want to provide them all to me, and I just email each of them, you know, as a follow up, open to that.

Speaker  45370:40
Okay, okay, so we can, you can just go through them to see if there's any of that you can answer live, and if not, I'll just share them to you after,

Speaker  48800:00
yeah, please do. Please do at the end, I will also, you know, share my email, make sure they have my contact, but I will definitely reach out to address each of their questions. Amazing.

Speaker  52928:00
Hey, Shan, Shan and Abe, nice to see very new people joining, although Shan SHEIN has already joined, like 1000 calls already. Thank you for that, Shan. Shan, hey, Abe, I think this is your first one, isn't it?

Speaker  57189:20
It is amazing.

Speaker  57605:20
And are you going to come to the welcome call after?

Speaker  58485:20
That's the plan I'm only I have to jump over 1230 of this call, so I'll do whatever I can. Okay,

Speaker  59978:40
amazing, no worries. Just curious.

Speaker  62250:40
Okay, we'll just wait for one more minute. And in any case, this call will be recorded so people can take a look after I had already, I already had some people ask me if we're going to share the recording and if we're going to share, like, the transcript. So that usually happens that it gets a lot of traction after the actual call. Do you have like, some slides or something that you're going to share?

Speaker  69056:00
Or, Yeah, I'll basically walk through a whole deck for the overview.

Speaker  70757:20
Amazing, super excited about this. I don't sell it on SHEIN, but I do buy a lot of things off of SHEIN.

Speaker  73013:19
That's nice. I mean, I started to once I worked at the company, I was like, Oh, wow, they actually have a lot of fashion related products, a lot of occasional that you might need for, like a wedding and such. So, yeah,

Speaker  78234:39
okay, I'm going to start the recording. Welcome everyone. We are having seen today from SHEIN, and she's going to go over everything you need to know if you want to sell on SHEIN. Yeah, you can get it. Get us going. We already have the first question, but we can start with the with the presentation if you'd like, and then we'll move on to that.

Speaker  86341:20
Well, hi, thanks, Belen and everyone. My name is Cynthia Lee. I'm on the strategic partnership team at shin. So I manage partnerships within the shin marketplace ecosystem, from technology SaaS partnerships to fulfillment, to agency and brand partnerships. Today, super excited to share a general overview of SHEIN for the MDS community, please feel free to continue dropping in any and all of your questions in the chat. I will take some that are very easy and obvious for my PR to accept, but otherwise, unfortunately, I won't be able to take live questions. However, promise I'll circle back with each of your questions via email following this call. So please feel free to continue with the questions. I'm going to go ahead and just share a deck while I talk through Give me a sec. All right, and let me put this in a presenter view. All

Speaker  106901:20
right. So definitely want to talk about SHEIN to start who we are as a privately held company, and I do hope that this deck will shed some light on who we are, what our growth objectives are, and dispel some misconceptions potentially. So SHEIN, at a glance, we're a privately held company, and we're very global. We are across 150 markets as of today. And this is the story of how SHEIN started. In 2012 we started as our own direct to consumer brand, and by 2022 we were the most searched for fashion brand on Tiktok, most popular brand in the world, named most popular brand in the world by money. And fast forward to 2023 and that was just two years ago, so that's actually when our marketplace launched in the US, and we were also the most downloaded app that year, with over 500 million downloads in 2023 I do love to highlight this is SHEIN cares. Making a positive impact is actually very central to our values. We actively support underprivileged communities through significant annual contributions to initiatives focused on education, youth empowerment, even locally, our team works very closely with the Boys and Girls Club. So in Los Angeles, where we're headquartered and based in the US, where we collaborate very closely locally with their team, and it's good, good times for us at the office. So in terms of who our customers are, we service 100 and over 150 million active customers today. We call them loyalists. They're young, they're mostly female. I'll certainly get into it a little deeper later, but they're the ones who are creating the shin culture, if you will. They're talking about SHEIN with their friends, and they are our frequent return customers. If you're looking at social media. I think if you're looking at a lot of more traditional marketplaces today, I think this is where we kind of Eclipse them, and it kind of shows like, who we are in terms of the audience and demographic that we serve is going to look a lot different of a portfolio than other more traditional sort of marketplaces. So we have a massive following on our social media. A little fun fact is, we actually have over 60,000 college ambassadors that we incentivize through SHEIN points to continue to promote them on their college campuses. And for example, this year, we had our first college campus tour. It was seven stops, and we do a lot of fun activations, which is exciting, because sometimes it's an opportunity for our marketplace brands sellers to also collaborate with our cross functional teams. Here at SHEIN, we are the number one most visited shopping I'm sorry, fashion platform in the world. So this is based on Sen Rush's traffic analytics. We check this statistic monthly, and we maintain this position as of today. So if you're thinking of some major players that I grew up with, like Zara, H, M, and if you combine them, SHEIN is actually much larger still in terms of our traffic and engagement experience on the platform. We wear this proud, and we feel we have the right to win more global brands on our platform, which we'll certainly get into. So demographic is so important, and I want to do a double click into just that. What you should take from this call is we are the Gen Z platform. We are the Gen Z preferred platform. As I mentioned, our demographic is young and they're mostly female. About 70% of them are females. They're typically around the ages of 13 to 45 however, our demographic is getting older and younger, so it's certainly broadening. In a sense, we have the millennial female who fell in love with our first party brand and continue to shop with us because she finds everything she's looking for even after college or when she's moving into her first apartment, or even now in her mom era. So lots of moms who continue to shop with us, we're absolutely tapping into the next generation of Gen alphas who are already known know about Shin for our endless isle of fashion and trends, and they're the ones now asking mom to help her make her shin Hall purchase so and I think I'll add to it by saying Shin uses a lot of extensive in app gamification, which allows our customers to stay engaged. They earn loyalty points by undertaking steps like creating an account or writing reviews, which is a great positive for our third party brand partners, they get that very quick feedback loop on our platform, our shoppers can get points from watching live streams. So we do have our own live streams that we conduct in our app where most of the action happens and each viewing, it occurs about three to four times a week, and we receive at least two to 300,000 viewers each time. So again, it's just our ways and our strategies of continuing to serve who we know very well, our shopper and how to keep them engaged within our community. So why? Why Gen Z and why? Is my question to brands, usually, whether Do you have a Gen Z strategy? Well, because they have about 12, $12 trillion in buying power over the next five years. They're actually the largest population for that our earth has ever faced, and they definitely have their own buying habits and psychology when comparing to previous generations. So statistics in terms of understanding what type of Gen Z market share Shin takes from E marketer actually about half, roughly around 44% of Gen Z consumers make at least one purchase on SHEIN monthly, making us actually the most Popular marketplace among the demographic ahead of some of our obvious competitors. So now hope you have a good understanding of SHEIN as a company overview, and I'll want to focus in on the marketplace side, which supports our third party brand partners and sellers. So to start, we are an invite only gated marketplace, and the reasons being, we're curating the relevant products for our shoppers number one. And additionally, we want to maintain world class shopping experience on our platform by partnering with more sophisticated brands and sellers and as much as possible, we want them to be partner led as much as possible, so to be a seller on SHEIN, we have two requirements. Number one, you must have a US business entity, and you must be able to ship your orders within the US, so we do not allow for cross border shipping. You would be responsible for your shipping costs, but you would maintain full control over your pricing on your shin store, your SHEIN store and product listing presentation, and we simply take a 10% commission from your sales. We have a fully structured team here in the US to support across partnerships, across business development, onboarding, specialists, and finally, seller success, which is then the account manager who would continue to provide guidance throughout your selling journey with us and sharing key insights to do you know, category specific and all that to help with your growth.

Speaker  256362:40
So in terms of brand authenticity, SHEIN takes copyright protection very seriously. We do enforce a very robust onboarding process, especially in categories like supplements or children's kids products. And this is to verify product authenticity, of course. So sellers should expect to provide a pretty comprehensive documentation set, such as proof of IP rides, procurement records, if you're a licensed distributor, for example. And all of this, again, is to safeguard against counterfeit items entering the marketplace, as it's important for us to build a trustworthy environment for both our sellers and our customers. In the rare case of breach, we do have a fully stacked legal team who is empowered to act swiftly, including shutting down infringing stores and product listings. So here is a glance at, I don't want to say all, the majority of the categories that are available today on SHEIN, and they will look very similar to some of the traditional marketplaces out there. So we do have it all, all the way to auto parts. However, the three verticals that we perform best in are noted up top, and it's fashion, it's beauty, it's lifestyle, I guess I'll start by sharing. In case you didn't know, we have a beauty and health vertical, and it's now the top two performer on SHEIN. It feels natural. Our customers came to us for all their fashion needs, and they continue to want to look good for themselves, so they're looking into cosmetics. But surprisingly, always remember hearing this in a team meeting. A woman's probiotic is actually outperforming cosmetics on SHEIN. So she's not just looking to look good, she's looking to feel good, and so we want to continue providing and servicing and meeting her demand. She is wanting to look good, feel good, and she wants to live well. So our third vertical being home, which includes furniture, home decor, any sort of household items, as well as electronics, our top performers on SHEIN again, tying into the Gen Z, sort of what appeals to them, electronics. You know, they they want all the screens, right? So let me show some examples of some of the top globally recognized brands who are on SHEIN today, I will know that not all of these brands you're seeing here are direct with SHEIN, but folks like some of our some of our electronics, I would say they are direct. And again, as much as possible, we want the evolution of SHEIN to be a home to other brands, for them to take on their own flagship stores and offering it to our very focused audience. Here are some unexpected products that move and this is just really showcasing some of the various categories that are booming on SHEIN. We're looking at a very, very affordable bed frame that is great for someone you know, just looking to use it for three to five years in a college dorm. What have you a student level laptop again? What makes sense for our demographic? Here's a back to school camera that went on sale for 50% off and just, you know, flew off the shelves, and now we're looking at some of the branded items. I can say that in terms of, for example, in the shoe category and the electronics category, our AOV is looking very, very healthy. Nike is our number one brand of shoes, and they continue to fly off the shelves at over 100 150 AOP, very easily. So the idea is really thinking about what the shopper is doing on SHEIN. She's shopping for her lifestyle, and she, you know, wants to make it a one stop shop. She wants to buy the economical, you know, pieces from SHEIN, but she wants it to be a whole trending ensemble. She wants to match it with her Nike Dunk Jordans, carrying her Coach bag with the Apple iPad in hand, and another showcase of a case study here, which is the Children's Place, they launched with us, I want to say, fall of last year. As you can see, with the right guidance provided and taking on the the appropriate sort of platform, native strategies, they were able to achieve six figures in the first week of their store launch. And what I really like to spotlight here is the number of repurchases. This screenshot, I believe, was taken about a month into their store launch. I love seeing the amount of repurchases. I love seeing followers to their store. And so again, this is showcase seeing the power of millennial moms who are still very, very much active on SHEIN as well. And I do feel it's important for the MDS community to also get an understanding of what that visual presentation might look like for a flagship store. So this is an example of Children's Place. You can really customize it to make it your own in terms of how you want to merchandise your store. And I'll highlight here, they have quickly amassed over 12,000 followers. So what happens when you have followers to your shin store? Actually, I can click into the next one. We actually provide an array of sort of engagement or sales marketing tools directly in our back ends for our third party brand partners. So example being, if you have followers to your shin store, they actually do receive app push notifications from you when you have new new arrivals that just dropped. For example, I spoke about the 10% commission that we take. Do know that there's no additional ad dollars that need to be spent on SHEIN? Alternatively, what we design is what we call campaigns, so they are curated campaigns that our sellers are are free to participate in directly in the back end. Again, these campaigns are going to do exactly what paid ads do. They're going to boost your visibility through our algorithm. That's very discovery driven, so I like the fact that your products are going to be seen by a lot more eyes than a search intent, a more search intent type of marketplace, I would say. So. Lastly, do you want to just flash my email here? It's cynthia.lee@shein.us

Speaker  385456:00
super open to continuing the conversation. I will know that I have a colleague. He heads our beauty and health vertical here at SHEIN, and he will be conducting another expert call in a few weeks. So if you are a beauty seller, if you are personal care or health, health related sort of supplement seller, then please do join and listen in on that more category specific sort of overview. Yeah, and I think that's it from me. Thanks so much for the time. Amazing.

Speaker  397130:40
We have one question, which I don't know if you'll know the answer to. I don't know if you see that, but it shall. SHEIN is asking if a price, the price of a protocol, SHEIN is slightly higher than the price of the same product on Amazon. Will that hurt our products in Shane's algorithm in any way?

Speaker  402543:59
It's a great question, and to be honest, I don't want to answer because I don't know for a fact. However, I think in terms of debunking the myth of sort of us being number one in fast fashion. And we understand that, in our opinion, fast fashion, you know, what it creates is frequency in coming back and being our shopper, number one and number two in terms of certain categories, such as sporting shoes, furniture, we easily have triple digit average order value there. So what I'm trying to say is, in terms of pricing, we don't feel too concerned. And actually, quite a few of our first party brands are definitely going upstream in pricing as well. So a lot of their, let's say T shirts, are actually pricing around 30 to 40 AOV. So in terms of pricing, I would say in overall, we have products that move just fine with their standard pricing, regular pricing, without any promos. But how it affects the algorithm? If there is, there isn't that price parity, then I'll have to circle back.

Speaker  424309:20
And she also has another question, if you have any tips to get the most sales on visibility when you first open your store machine, yeah,

Speaker  426389:20
I have lots, lots, a whole we can absolutely Connect. There's lots each. Each platform, at the end of day, are going to have their platform native definitions of what defines an A plus listing for SHEIN, because we are a discovery driven platform. If you were to just migrate your Amazon listing to SHEIN, it might not be the most optimized, if you will, in terms of your even just your product title alone. How to optimize that for SHEIN, you might want to ramble and leverage some relevant keywords that you know we can provide in our guidance that are relevant for your Kat, not only your category, but to our shoppers and how they might be searching for them. And so, yeah, through through that, tons customizing your storefront would be great. I think campaigns would certainly be almost an absolute. There's no reason why you shouldn't participate all of your products in there. It's not required for you to, you know, provide a discount attached. So that's really, again, how you'll get your new products to be boosted and seen, for example, in the new arrivals campaign of ours. So the list goes on, but that's certainly we can take that off, and I can provide, you know, the full scope, comprehensive sort of guidance for that

Speaker  450479:59
amazing and do you have, like, some sort of a playbook for these sort of things, some kind of guidelines on how to get the most out of the marketplace?

Speaker  453328:00
Yes, yes, we have a few sort of seller success guides, if you will. And then, aside from that, it really takes for us to learn, you know, who that seller is, what type of product. And maybe from there, there might be additional sort of recommendations that we can provide.

Speaker  458549:19
Okay, amazing, and I didn't check. But do you have any special offer for MDS members, something that you want to share?

Speaker  461370:40
Yep, so we will make sure that each of MDS brands, within the first month you don't experience that 10% commission take rate. It is certainly an advantage. That said, I think maybe one of the action items could be, you know, preparing your store like for myself, being a partnership manager, I would want to have these conversations in terms of, how are we going to get your product listings imported onto SHEIN efficiently and streamlined through integration as much as possible. Let's, let's do all of that before you sign up for your shin store and that clock starts ticking. So certainly,

Speaker  473333:20
right? Amazing. Do you want to share your any contact information so people can get in touch with you.

Speaker  475274:39
Yeah, I flashed it earlier, and I can certainly drop this in the chat here there.

Speaker  477514:40
And also, SHEIN has another question, yeah,

Speaker  478794:40
so we track each of our you know referrals, where they're coming from in our in our back end. So so we'll make sure, yeah, that should all be handled appropriately. No worries.

Speaker  482656:00
Space for them to add the referral in their application process, right?

Speaker  484256:00
There is, there is additionally or alternatively. Feel free to email me and I can just go ahead and directly loop our category specific business development manager for an introduction call together. So that's an alternative way. And again, of course, we'll know it's coming from MDS. Amazing.

Speaker  490373:20
Anything else from anyone i Okay, maybe we're good. We're going to upload this to our resources so people can watch that offline. And is it okay if I add your email to the app, to the video recording, so people can also follow up with you if they need to?

Speaker  496074:39
Yeah, absolutely, please do okay,

Speaker  496848:00
amazing. Thank you so much, Cynthia, I love to hear you.

Speaker  497712:00
Thanks so much everyone. Thank you.

Speaker  498879:59
Yeah, bye.
