MDS Expert Call with Receive
Date: April 15, 2025

Speaker  208:00
Now you're good. Where are you from?

Speaker  1584:00
I'm from the US. Where in the US, upper midwest, right below Canada, Minnesota,

Speaker  3280:00
alright. Minnesota. Great wrestling team.

Speaker  4048:00
Yeah, not so much for the other national sports teams, though.

Speaker  5232:00
Well, you need, if you have wrestling, you don't need anything else, right? Man,

Speaker  6085:20
yeah, I suppose, yeah.

Speaker  7365:20
I love it, guys, incredible. So how getting signed for Easter? I mean, we've Easter around the corner. Yeah? Right?

Speaker  11157:20
Yep, we'll definitely get go, get with the fam and go to church and all that for sure.

Speaker  13018:40
Tell me, Brian, are egg prices normal over there, or are they through the roof? They,

Speaker  14090:40
honestly they they're already the the national average is already back down to where they were. Okay, good,

Speaker  15466:40
okay, good. That's

Speaker  15866:40
kind of crazy how that changed so quickly.

Speaker  16640:00
Is that where it is around you also, is it back to normal, or is um,

Speaker  17696:00
I mean, it's definitely down. I mean, I think, I think egg prices are getting like, six or $7 plus, or something like, close to where I'm at, but, I mean, they're already back down. I haven't bought an eggs, like, recently, recently, but I'm pretty sure it's already backed out, at least naturally it is. I don't know. I've been kind of buying them. I haven't been, really been paying attention, like, when I buy them, personally, I just buy them because

Speaker  24101:20
I buy Yeah, yeah, exactly. So,

Speaker  24533:20
yeah. Did

Speaker  24837:20
you hear about this? Did you hear about, like, the egg crisis in the US?

Speaker  25989:19
I haven't, but you don't have in the US, you don't have chocolate eggs, right? It's just normal eggs. Well,

Speaker  28474:40
I mean, for Easter, I'm sure there's chocolate eggs, right, Brian. I mean, you could definitely, but, like, the price of eggs over and Brian, keep me straight here, because I'm not in the US. I don't know, but I understand there was, like, a serious, like a serious illness for chickens, and a bunch of them basically died, and then prices for eggs went through the roof, and it's probably cheaper to to buy gold than buy eggs.

Speaker  36128:00
That's terrible. Yeah? So many people relying on eggs for the their diet, right?

Speaker  38069:20
Yeah, it's so that was saying Easter is going to be a it's crazy, right? You, you know, people are going to make cardboard, cardboard eggs and cover them in info.

Speaker  42421:20
Okay, we should get some people here. Hopefully. I don't know what's going on normally we get people like on the hour, but it just has a reminder

Speaker  45866:40
too, probably finishing up their eggs as I'm just going to grab some water, but, but in the meantime, believe, do you mind just giving me a quick overview, kind of, I guess, what to expect, supposed to look right now, yeah,

Speaker  50560:00
do you have, like, a presentation to go through, or are you going to just talk? I know

Speaker  53056:00
I totally do. And not only do I have presentation, I also gave you guys a post. Yeah, I don't know if you guys are going to use it or not, but

Speaker  55669:20
yeah, yeah, for sure. And how long do you think the presentation would last if you used to it in one go, probably

Speaker  58085:20
like 15 minutes. I mean, I'm not trying to make this. I don't want to tread water. I just want to share the value. Let you know how awesome receive is and why Amazon sellers are loving this product, and to offer MDS sellers, okay,

Speaker  61834:40
okay, that's great. Um, if you have any like insights besides like what you do just, it's nice when it's not just a sales pitch, but just something more that brings value to people. And we'll have the presentation, and then we can go through a, Q, a, and we'll record this so people are going to be able to see this afterwards too. So yeah, I think that's, that's basically it. And you can take, like, the longest that you can take is one now, one hour, but you can take as short of a time as you like. It's fine. Okay,

Speaker  72949:20
great. Excited. So is this, is this supposed to, is this gonna this is gonna end up getting to the network, Getting to Yes,

Speaker  76058:40
exactly. Everyone will have access to this, and we get a ton of views. We'll probably post about it with the thing that you sent us, when, when the recordings is live, welcome. We're going to add that to it so it's going to be available for anyone that wants to see it. And

Speaker  80864:00
are they going to get the whole overview about how eggs are very expensive right now, or is it going to be? No, I haven't

Speaker  82848:00
started recording. I'm going to start recording so we can start because, in any case, most people like just watch this after, okay, beautiful, Okay, everyone, we have Ben from receive here. He's going to talk about scaling. I saw that just a second ago. But how to ask running early and scale without limits.

Speaker  91306:40
Beautiful. Thanks for

Speaker  91594:40
being here. Absolutely.

Speaker  91962:40
Belen, thank you so much. Million dollar sellers. It's a pleasure to be here. My name is Ben. Um, just a little bit of background before I kind of tap into these growth hacks of diving into zero, free, zero fee fuel for for your Amazon. My name is Ben. I'm originally from the US Bergen County coaster in New Jersey, and wow, where do I begin background? I guess you could say, studied accounting, played around in entrepreneurship, built a an online business, sold it just a little bit ago. I wish I had received, to be honest, I could help me along the way, but really focusing, I guess you could say professionally, I've helped ecommerce businesses for the past two years. Special services businesses grow, lawyers grow, and now my main focus is everything regarding helping e commerce, helping Amazon sellers, helping small businesses tap into fee free liquidity. And would love to share with you guys how our customers are basically doing that, and how it's helping them grow. So I'm just going to make my screen full beautiful guys. So this is going to be very straight and to the point, I want to really make this more of a story and share with you really what happened and and this $9 million growth story, I'm going to go over the the $9 million growth story, what we see is holding Amazon sellers back. A slight introduction into receive, what it is that we're doing, the benefits of the product, what our customers are saying and how received is helpful for them to grow and just share some real wins. And how you guys can use this, this free tool, if you guys would like to so receive is a tool that enables you to access your revenue early. Think about it, almost like float the moment that you get a sale from Amazon, instead of waiting those 14 plus days to see that that money, you have instant access. So that's just a brief background. Let's dive into the story. So we a seven a seven figure seller, I'm going to just stand here, if you don't mind, a seven seller, a seven figure seller basically connected to us, who was in a toy niche, and they were approaching their peak season. And as they were approaching their PTS, and they're doing everything right, they had their line of credit there, had their bank cards, they knew what, what platforms were basically generating the majority of their leads, but they still had a problem, and it was essentially these get the gap until the moment that they saw their sales, until They the moment that they actually got the funds, and they found receive, and were like, Hey, listen, this might be a really cool solution. And just to kind of jump to the end, they focused. They basically used us in q4 over their main, main peak season, and by using receive, by having instant access to their sales. They grew over 30% year over year in that specific in that in the q4 they made over $9 million in top line revenue using receives fee free liquidity. And they had a total line of credit. They didn't touch it, and they plan to spend over $61,000 from that line of credit. And that's basically one of our, you know, it's one of our most amazing stories, because they were able to really just pour gasoline on their business by tapping in to receive. And they did that by, you know, zero financing, your financing costs. There was no charge, no nothing of that nature, and that's what receive provided for them. So we have a lot of different customers in a lot of different areas. The majority is Amazon sellers, but they're normally Amazon sellers that also have Shopify accounts. They have different areas, kind of how they're selling online. And the biggest problem that we're seeing was holding Amazon sellers back. And I mean, it's, it's delayed cash, right? You're making a sale today. You're getting paid out twice in a month. Now, you can pull funds early if you want, but you're only seeing those funds that are are matured. You're not seeing your sales today, right? Because if you, if you make a sale of $100 every single day, let's say for 14 days, you're not seeing all of those sales. You're only seeing about $100 until day one to day five. Now receive gives you instant access to your sales right here and right now as you advance. But let me actually, let me continue moving to to what's holding sellers back. So the biggest thing that we're seeing is delayed cash, right the 14 day gap. The second is there because of because they're your cash is tied up. We're missing serious seasonal momentum, because we can tap into it, but then we're going to be paying very high financing fees, which brings us up into the second category, high financing costs, where our customers, they have lines of credit of anywhere between 18 to 28% APR that they're paying. And lastly, which what we've seen pretty often is that cards sometimes get get stale, or they'll have a limit of, let's say, $50,000 so all of these factors are really holding Amazon sellers back and enabling them to just run right in am I supposed to be taking questions, or I'm going to continue running through and I think I'll leave questions for

Speaker  187866:40
the end. You can, you can leave questions till the end. Okay, beautiful.

Speaker  189530:40
And then receive. Receive comes in just a little bit of a background. Receive is really a team of small business owners to be honest. You know, I had a small business. The the founder I'm leading go to market here at receive, and the founder of our company, he had a small he had a small business before. Our parents are small business owners. And when it comes down to it, there's not a lot of support out here for small businesses. And we've basically identified a way of how we can give small businesses instant access to their sales without any delay, instantly, right off the bat, and that's what receive is. So going from the top down, we give you instant access to your revenue. That's it. Instant access to your revenue. It's a tool that enables you to make your sales and invest it directly into growth. This solution is completely fee free. There are no costs, there are no fees. There's nothing that you have to pay for it. The way that this works is it's super, super easy. You sign up, and I'll get to it in a little bit. But you sign up, connect your bank account, connect your Amazon account, and then we have a holistic view of how your business is actually running. So the way it works now, I mean, you can get a loan of credit, you know, a line of credit. You can pay a very, very high ticket price on that, or you can get a merchant cash advance, which is also, you know, you're paying a very, very high price on that one, specifically, probably like 20 to 40% I've been seeing from our customers and or you can get a credit card. But all of these things are really not built for you. They're built for any and every business, but receive has visibility over how your business is actually doing. We can see your sales. We can see your bank balance, and based off of that, that's how we give you access to your revenue. So that's kind of the the fourth pillar towards the bottom, the dynamic, the limit that we give you. It's based by you. As you grow, you get more spending power as you make more sales, you get more spending power as you have a larger bank balance, you get more spending power. And this process is super plug and play. You sign up, takes maybe two minutes, and the paint the repayment window is aligned with your with your payouts. So let's say you make 700k and you're supposed to get it on the 14th of the month, and it's the first right now you would have earlier access to that, let's say, out of that 700k you spend $20,000 once you get paid out 14 days later, once that money hits your bank account from Amazon, we send you a message and we say, hey, we see that you've spent $20,000 we'll pull those funds back. So it's an incredible plug and play method that doesn't interrupt at all the flow of funds. And that's basically how we're changing the Amazon space. And it's been going incredibly, incredibly well. Now, as I mentioned beforehand, there are a ton of benefits. Each business is slightly different. But what I'm really seeing go is people are taking this and using it for growth fast. They're being you know, they're able to focus on ad spend, whether, whether you be focused solely on Amazon or in Shopify as well. People are really doubling down on, on their opportunities, doubling down on on the campaigns that are working really well. Second is, you have your receive card, you can use it in a really unique way, and you can totally cut out financing costs, all of those fees that you're paying for a line of credit. I really hope nobody's going over their their line with with their credit card, receive is an incredible solution that lets you grow and seriously optimizes your cash. And don't take my word for it. I mean, you can see, these are our customers, and we have many, many different customers, from beauty to to wellness to apparel to supplements. We have really, every business that you could possibly manage, from actual physical brick and mortar businesses just it's just that the Amazon sellers, they're the ones that are really, really raising their hand, and they're like, hey, I need this product. This is amazing. And you know, as you can see, Jake Plotkin can't say enough good things about we have Henry, best card for E commerce ever. We have people really saying incredible things. And if I can kind of just pull it together and make it really simple as a business owner, you know, million dollar sellers there. It's not only is it incredible, is not only is an incredible organization, but the sellers are really top notch. What kind of is spread out through everyone is that you have very blotchy cash flow, right? It normally goes up and down. And if you see this graph over here to the left, you can see the red line. That's their bank account. This is just a customer and Amazon seller, and you can see their their bank account, it dips right when they buy inventory, and then it shoots up when they make sales. And you can see that these are like the 14 day cycles now the blue line that is actually the utilization of receive that's enabling them to take advantage of their momentum and continue to grow, and the core success that we've been seeing, on average, are customers that have been active over 30.2 revenue growth. We've been seeing customers scale incredibly well, from just really diving into their season, their peak season, and doubling down and using receive to generate. You know, they're putting $1 in. They're getting $2 out from from their ads. They're putting $1 in, they're making four and just continuing to roll that. Zero financing costs, right? I mean, it's completely for free. There are no costs. We're just giving you what's yours sooner and faster. And customers that are using our card are keeping it, and they're using it as their card on file for all their growth initiatives. So those are like the the real upside wins, that that we're seeing from our customers. The implementation is honestly super simple. It's just understanding, you know, how your business works, and I'm here to partner with you and understand, you know, what's really going on. Analyze your cash flow, calculate the perfect amount of marketing spend, and then throw receive in. That's basically the SMART Capital moves. Understand how you can use receive to grow your business and try to cut out all of your high financing costs and use receive to implement. And lastly, I wrote specifically, scale confidently, monitor and wash and see how things are working. And we're here for you have my email. You have my phone number. This is how we're seeing customers really grow and shoot often, pour jet fuel on their business. And the sign up, it's, it's really, really straightforward. So just simply go through a KYB, which is just verifying your business. After that, you're going to connect your revenue, you're going to connect your Amazon account, then you're going to connect your bank account, and then we're going to get back to get back to it up to 48 hours, and you're able to go, you know, it's really that fast, it's really that easy. That's kind of the overview of what I'm seeing. And just to kind of pull this in, receive is a tool that has full visibility over your growth and over your business, and that's how we're able to give you instant access to your sales without any cost or any fees. And just to kind of explain how we're able to do that, and how we're able to offer it without any cost and any fees, we come from the from the network of the payments, really the ecosystem of the payments, so we understand how money moves, and if we give you instant access to your sales in the form of a card, okay, a virtual card, and you spend your card, for example, you buy inventory. Let's say you buy inventory on let's just say Alibaba, okay, and you use your card to pay for that inventory. Alibaba pays a small fee, we get a piece of that. That's how we're able to give you liquidity for free and not charge you anything for it. So that's kind of like the overview and and again, the the growth and customer I want to say, you know, excitement is is real and it's right now. And I'd love to answer any questions you guys have and see how I can guide

Speaker  333706:40
awesome. Ben, thank you so much. Does anyone have any questions about this? Do you just want to go and keep this offline, you can just reach out to Ben too so, but if you have something that's on your mind, this is a time to ask about it. And if you don't, you can just get back 35 minutes of your life, because that's like the time slot that we had set for this awesome Imran, great that you enjoyed it. Thank you so much. Ben, we love having you here, and we'll probably people are probably going to get in touch with you about this beautiful,

Speaker  346085:20
beautiful thank you so much. Million dollar sellers. We love you guys, you're doing incredible, incredible work and looking forward to connecting and giving you access to yourself.

Speaker  348832:00
Yeah, thank you so much.
