Lee Assoulin
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
All right, I know I get what the name is, so I just put a bunch of stuff together. There's a bunch of random stuff. So sorry guys, but I think that somebody will have some type of value out of this. So Lee launching a new brand in a month. Fun fact, I made 25,000 units, and my manufacturer had an electrical fire, and so that's all gone, and so I'm now redoing all that. So I was supposed to launch five days ago, but now I will launch in five weeks. So that sucks, but tip insurance? No, don't have insurance. But another person who's a massive seller, like $70 million supplement seller, has insurance, but doesn't have insurance that covers their manufacturer. So if you have insurance that covers your three PL and your trucking and Amazon, make sure that you're also covered

Speaker  18800:00
for that. So that sucks, but whatever,

Speaker  19744:00
I have an agency and managing 160 million revenue, I have 30 people working for me. Said by what's your heritage? So, Syrian Jew from Brooklyn, and I don't know what to say, being cool. So something I've been working on. So as an agency, one thing that I do is I have fireflies join all my meetings. And so I thought about, okay, well, how am I using chat GPT? And so I also do this for all my L 10s. And just started doing this. I download the transcripts for all of them for the year. I zip it, and then I put it into chat GPT to create a JSON file that tells me Detailed Summary topics and action items. And then I created a custom GPT that I can my entire team can now talk to and say, for example, like one of my clients is a bit of a pain in the ass. He's just not like, very abrupt person. And so instead of writing an email to him that he then fires back, it's like, hey, what do you think about this email that I'm about to send to this client and like, then you're getting feedback on his personality, because it has transcripts of how he talks and kind of how he thinks. And so I even told my team, I was like, take this and make a GPT for me. Like, I don't want to hear I don't want to hear an email, like, I don't want to get a response from you that I'm going to be frustrated with I'd rather you talk kind of like to a virtual me. But this is also really great with what I did for internally, is we all forget all the shit that happens throughout the year. So when you can say like, Hey on Prime Day, where did we win? Where did we fail, and we have these meetings leading up to and leading out from and so it's a great way to kind of summarize all that, because you're just transcribing all of your meetings. So this has been very cool. And literally, I've been doing this for about two weeks, and it's been awesome. So why don't you use banter to record. I well, I use fireflies same thing as Phantom. Because what I'm doing is I'm I'm like, those give a transcript, and you can ask it questions on that specific meeting. What I'm doing is I'm aggregating all those meetings, and then I'm asking questions on the entire year. Like, how did like, what are the wins and losses for 2024 and then I can kind of send for me. I've been sending my clients like, here's what we did right and wrong in 2024 and it's a very nice, long summary that they're like, Wow. You must have taken a lot of time to think I was like, Yeah, each client has no GPT. Each client has their own GPT. And then in internally, we have our own GPT for operate. We're building for operations for PPC, like, and now it's like, okay, well, again, what are the like? Here's what I'm thinking about doing for PPC, and it can look back on the wins and losses and, oh, we've tried that before. Could you again, you just forget about the history of what you've done. Do you slack? Yes, so huddle and can use fireflies, correct? No, I do huddle. Huddle is a me bothering you in the middle of your meeting, like I'm just I press huddle. Otherwise we do Google meets or zoom. So that's super fun. Different thing. Exact Match is not actually exact match. And so for sponsored brands, sponsored brand videos, for example, anti poop, eating. For dogs, this is exact it's showing dog. And this is, I'm not going to tell you the word, but it's not anti. Boo beating for dogs, so you actually have to request to be opted out from semantic expansion. So go open a case with Amazon Seller Central and tell them that you want to be opted out because you probably aren't, and it's just messing up your metrics if you're trying to go with single keyword exact. So we're also fun. I think we discussed this last time, but yeah, Returnless resolutions enable that for one client where it's like product just ends up coming back to us and then just gets disposed of. But that return fee just kind of eats it eats at you. So instead just kind of like enable that, do the math before enabling that to figure out whether or not is actually worthwhile. But for one client, it did save $50,000 in fees because we were getting it back and then paying to dispose of it. So it's like just a just a waste. So there's there's that as well. And then this is my biggest unlock, getting an EA. I sorry that you have to hear this again today. I literally, I will just like tell this to the moon. If I started my entire business all over again, I would get an EA like as a first hire on every single thing. The only thing she didn't do is this slide, because, I'm sorry, no, this is higher presentation, because I did this last night, as you can kind of tell, but like, I'm presenting in in Vegas, and I did what Uday did, and I just spoken to chatgpt for about an hour as to like, what I think my presentation should be. And then I got that and I had her kind of make the slides. I have her when I talk to potential clients, she looks at the fireflies, and then she actually sees what I need to do, and then she'll actually make the proposal and leave blank, like the amount, it's like, she just like, is super proactive and is a mini me in every way, shape and form. And it just saves me so much time and stress and like, you know those moments where you cringe in the middle of night because you're like, I fucking forgot to do that, and you just know that you need to. I just don't have that as much anymore, because if I get that, I just text her, yeah, and so it's and I genuinely think I'm not kidding like that, is it? I can't quantify this. I think it's a real number. The amount of brain space I now have to generate new business and new business ideas is

Speaker  122389:19
has been incredible

Speaker  122709:20
to make her to a mini GPT, huh? No, but I should, I should. She's so sweet. I love her. I would, yeah. Anyways,

Speaker  124810:40
so you find her. How do you train her?

Speaker  125946:40
So found her because I had a very, very rough couple months, and so I was telling somebody like, I need help. And now I go, you should talk to this girl. She's a army wife. Was homeschooling her kids. Kids were now going to school. Husband was actually being deployed, so she has, like, free time. And so she was like, Yeah, would love to

Speaker  132032:00
jump in

Speaker  132623:59
trustworthy referral. And she told me she was gonna be 1750 an hour, and in the first month she billed me, and I was like, You need to immediately change that, because you're, like, your bills incorrect. You need to be like, $25 an hour because, like, I was like, You don't understand what you're worth, and like, how much you've helped me. And now she's like, ecstatic to do work, and I still think she's

Speaker  138810:40
underpaid. Yeah, so,

Speaker  139466:40
but us trainer, like, do we need to do to you? Is already, is literally like, hey, just be on the phone with me. Like, for the first month, I would say I was on the phone with her every day for 45 minutes just talking. I need somebody us because, like, I can't I need somebody to relate to me. I'm a kind of a personality, and you know, somebody in the Philippines doesn't, they kind of shy away from Hey, like bothering me at 830 at night, being like, you never sent that email you said you were going to send. She'll do that non stop. So you.
