5. FC Chats_ Building your Best Day Ever w_Mike Fata
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Let's call it eight months ago. Essentially, e commerce is super lonely, super hard, super challenging, and all day long, if you guys remember back when you started, you're always asking somebody for five minutes of advice, five minutes of your time, can I pick your brain? And we just wanted to make sessions like this with badass entrepreneurs that we love and respect and Mike, that is one of them, just an absolute dumb space and retail space. And yeah, we're lucky to have a few minutes of his time today, so it's more of a open dialog Q and A format. Aaron will kind of be running point here. But yeah, if you want to learn more about the founders club, we talked about it after, but today's session is just unfiltered knowledge and ask away. This is the best, best chance you're going to learn from an entrepreneur who's actually made it.

Speaker  12506:40
So it was actually made it. I love that. Okay, well, I'll do a quick intro. But you know, we were, I don't know if lucky is the way, but we're super fortunate and lucky to have Mike fatto with us today. I mean, personally, a mentor of mine so many different fields, founded and started a company, invented right like through hemp hearts didn't exist before, from scratch. And he's a really successful author, an incredible person, and something that he's going to talk about today, which I personally subscribe to is actually building your best day ever as an entrepreneur. So I'll let him talk more to it. But his two exit Well, multiple exits, multiple nine figure exits, Canadian as well. So shout out to the Canadians on the call. But Mike is, is someone that I personally look up to, and I'm super happy to have him here with everybody, because he's going to drop absolute bombs for the next 45 minutes. We'll have Q and A at the end or throughout. So if you have questions and we're not in the Q and A period, throw them in the chat. We'll get to them, or just write them down and save it for the Q and A period. But without further. ADO, Mike, welcome. Thanks for coming.

Speaker  33056:00
Thanks. Thank you. Appreciate it. Yeah, thanks for having me, Aaron and Chris and clay. I've been to a couple of the live Founders Day events, founder club events now Toronto and Montreal, so I know the community is eager to build and grow. And for me, that makes me totally stoked to be chatting with you today. Just a little bit about me. I'm going to get into my story. But my name is Mike fatta. I'm a Canadian. I'm based in the prairies of Manitoba, and I've been an entrepreneur now for over 25 years. I'm going to walk you through how to how you can think about building your best day ever. And for you that are my age, 47 you roughly have about 15,000 days left. I know some of you on the call are younger, including Aaron and Chris, maybe you got 20,000 days. Maybe you got 25,000 days. But why not make those the majority of those days your best day ever. And if there's three things that I'm going to leave you with today. It's really inspiration and actionable advice on becoming your best self, doing your best work and building your best community. Because if you nail those three, you'll be well on your way to living your best day ever every day, and we will do some Q and A at the end. But I'm more about interactive. I'm not a talking head for the next 2030, min. 30 minutes. If you have a question, just ask it. We can roll with the roll with that as well. I can't start talking about how to build your best day ever without telling you that I came from my worst days before I started building my best days. I grew up poor with a single mom. Dropped out of high school when I was in grade 10, so I have two credits in high school. I fell prey to fast food and I weighed 300 pounds. I was obese at 18 years old, I was living off instant gratification every day. Smoked a pack of cigarettes a day, ate fast food for the majority of my meals, drank like two to three liters of soda every day and every other stimulant that I could get my hands on. I was literally sick and tired all the time. No purpose in life, no direction in life. I was working construction, a manual labor, dead end job. Didn't really have any friends, constantly lonely, spending way, way, way too much time with myself. Basically, I was a physical, mental and emotional train wreck. And so that's, that's my worst days, how I started out one day, just really after I, shortly after I turned 18, I became sick and tired of being sick and tired. And I'd call that my rock bottom moment. I had, you know, I wanted to be healthy and strong. I wanted to a girlfriend who wasn't my friend. I wanted purpose in life. I wanted to get out of poverty. So what I started at first, was a change in my mindset that the world wasn't happening to me. I. I'm happening to the world. And I created some mantras for myself and a vision board. I don't know if you believe in that. Some people think it's woo, woo. I could tell you, manifesting being really clear with what you want. The best way to do that is manifesting through, you know, clarity and vision. I wanted to create the best day for myself, and I believe I could create the best day for myself that I can be mindful, that I can manifest everything that I want, that I can get 1% better and better and better. And ultimately, that led me to switching from the instant gratification mindset to the delayed gratification mindset and my reality now. I lost over 100 pounds, and I've kept it off for 25 years. I went from obese to athletic, you know, feeling good. I built $100 million business in revenue business over 20 years. We sold that business twice for for two nine figure exit deals. I had a third nine figure exit deal already in one of my portfolio companies, the biggest being $419 million I now have a portfolio of companies doing over 100 million in revenue. I become a best selling author. I mentor and coach hundreds of founders. I've created a mass mentorship program where I've literally touched 1000s of entrepreneurs. I have a robust and engaged community of almost 100,000 people, and I'm living life as an adventure, traveling full of experiences and opportunities. And I could say that I'm truly fulfilled. Most importantly, I'm in a super loving and healthy relationship now. I'm the best single, full time dad to two teenagers, and I'm super grateful that I'm living my best day ever. Every day. I just who, who feels like they're living their best day ever right now? This is a show of hands. Get some half show of hands, some show of hands. You know, here's the thing you're not going to be sometimes, I would say, sometimes, yeah, well, hey, it's about making it more of the time, or all the time, right? And I can

Speaker  114159:59
say that, like, did you feel like you're living your best day ever before you sold the business? Or no,

Speaker  115760:00
when I was operating mental harvest, for sure, I was just, I was 20 years into it. I could tell you the changes that have happened since then, and I'll talk a little bit about it on my I being my it's a combination of the three, right? Chris, like being your best self, doing your best work, building your best community. Was I being my best self every moment in the business? No. But the longer that went on, I was putting more and more focus to that, because I realized when I was my best self, I just did my best work. Like the years that we grew $10 million a year in revenue, I was putting so much focus on being my best self. And then there was moments around the time that we sold the business where I was working 100 hours a week to sell the business, and I probably slipped off of that, right? So, you know, it's, it's, it's not about being perfect. It's about having a plan and taking action on that plan, because without that, you know, you're just not going to get there. So it's about mindfulness. It's about intense, intentional action. It's about delayed gratification, and really, it's about growth and continuous improvement. But I could tell you, it's so worth it, you know, like we have one life, and we should be living it like having our best lives, not thinking all these things are happening to us and the world is happening to us. So, yeah, what is it? What is living your best day ever mean? It means, you know, there's three parts to it, being your best self, doing your best work and building your best community, which may sound simple, and ultimately it is. But after you know, 47 years in life and 25 years in business, could tell you that exponential growth comes from simplicity. We have to simplify things. When we can simplify things, we could really ramp it up. And I'm I'm not a guru. I don't have it all figured out. I'm still learning every single day that goes on, but I have been doing this, and I have been building my best day ever for 25 years now. And not only did I start out at rock bottom, because I don't think it was even the ground floor, it was in the basement. It was the basement I had to build the simple foundation, you know, which gives hope and promise to everyone else out there that I likely guarantee that you're starting from a better place than I was. But you know, 25 years ago, when I started being my best self that was choosing a water and a banana over a soda and a chocolate bar, it was starting to go to the show up at the gym five days a week. And even when I started working out, it was like an episode of The Biggest Loser. I don't know if you've seen that show. I was only lifting, just the bar, no weight on it. I'm crying and like, there's no way that I could possibly do that right. Which, you know, growth can be super painful. You know. The beginning, the beginning level of my doing my best work, was the moment I decided that I wasn't going to work a shitty construction job. I was going to take a leap of faith and start my own business, which was scary as hell, and it didn't have any sign of paying off for like, the first five years, right? And at the same time, just going from a total introvert, nerdy, overweight kid to putting myself out there by actually going and saying, Hey, I'm going to introduce myself to people. I'm going to go and start to show up in my community and do some volunteer time. That was the that was the start of my best day ever. You know, I'd say now I'm feeling for myself personally. I'm at the advanced level, and what does that look like? You know, full control over my time schedule. I have three hours of me time daily, most of that's focused around a full wellness routine. Doing my best work is working only with people I want to work with. I have full control over that, making money through eight income streams now, family and friend relationships that are actually full of love. They're meaningful and full of love and a strong, engaged and I would say global community, you know, literally more opportunities coming at me nowadays than I have that I could fulfill in a lifetime. And I know it's possible for everybody, but here's the you know, a reality check for you, you're not going to live your best day ever every day. You know, it's not about being perfect, and it's not about following my best day ever. It's about using a structure, and I'll provide some examples to construct your days so you truly enjoy them. And if you can make the majority of your 15,000 days the best day ever, you're totally winning. Yeah, and I would just ask you, maybe like to think about which part of living your best day ever. Are you struggling with the most right now? Or you think that could use the most work? Is it being your best self? Is it doing your best work, or is it building your best community? Because it's going to be one of those, is going to be your limitation? But I'm going to start out with being your best self, becoming your best self. How do you even know if you're not your best self? You know it's a lack of energy throughout the entire day, you're feeling depressed, you're foggy in the mind. Maybe you have an uncontrollable temper and you lose your shit, or you're simply just not physically, emotionally and mentally fit to do anything and everything you want to do. That's those are some of the indicators, right? Okay, so, so what you know, the good thing is, all of those are controllable. All of them are improvable. I know I've done it, I've seen it. I've helped a lot of other people do it. It's about putting your own oxygen mask on first, which, as entrepreneurs, sounds like a nice to have, but it's, it's a need to have. You know, you have to allow yourself to be the center of your own worlds. You know, do you have a morning routine? Do you have a nighttime routine? Like, are you putting a plan together on on how you become your best self? And it's good that entrepreneurs are usually optimizing, but optimizing without a full plan is not as efficient as it is if you actually think about where you want to go. So, you know, how do you put a plan together? It starts with sleep. Could tell you that, how much sleep are you getting? And really, how much do you need to fuel your body up? You know? What time do you need to wake up in the morning to see to leave yourself refreshed for your work day? What kind of activities, whether it's working out or other activities, are going to raise your level of energy. What foods do you eat that you're going to love to eat, but they're also going to fuel your body's needs. And the routine, you know, a routine to put you into flow state. So the work that you do is deep work, because we know that when you're doing deep work, you'll do 10 times the amount of work that you do when you just show up at your desk and sit there for eight hours a day, or like you're just doing mundane kind of tasks, you know, how are you going to learn what? How are you going to stimulate your mind and what learning activities are going to really enrich you? What? How are you setting yourself up for free time and activities that excite you for tomorrow, like the things you do today, but also your big masogi Or your annual kind of stuff, like, do you guys have that stuff planned, as well as de stressing activities that keep you at your best every day, or keep you in that space where you can be your best every day and then, and then ending off with a nighttime routine, like going to sleep, so that you actually feel unrushed the next day. You know you're going to get up and you're going to be charging it. And again, none of this is rocket science, but you need to do these things, and they all need to work together, or you're not going to be your best self. And the glue, or really the foundation, of it all, is mindfulness, and most people struggle with mindfulness. Entrepreneur. Is especially, you know, I did too, which is why I've adopted, over the years, numerous mindfulness exercises into my regular everyday routine, like breath work, like meditation, like yoga. But I've learned a lot of different tools and techniques. I'll show you one right now. It's the most simple mindfulness exercise that you could do anywhere that you are. And it's, it's simply the rubbing the two fingers together, mindfulness exercise. Okay, bear with me here on this one, it's quite simple. You take your two fingers and you rub them together, but you're rubbing them together at the at the lightest touch. So you can only feel yourself touching your two fingers, not pressing hard, just just rubbing them together. Barely touch them. Focus on feeling them. Focus on rubbing the fingers together for 30 seconds. And I'll, I'll time us. Let's, let's spend the next 30 seconds just doing This. Focus on your two fingers. Okay, and breathes,

Speaker  263749:20
okay, that's 30 seconds. Maybe for some of you that felt like that was minutes. For a

Speaker  266101:20
lot of people, it's really hard to be present in the moment. It's, it's, it's, but it's the most powerful thing that we can do. If you can use that exercise to stop regretting or getting lost in what happened yesterday or worrying about tomorrow, it's going to serve you really, really well to set yourself up for making sure you accomplish your your items that you need to to become your best self. Make sense? I know we're going to do a formal Q, a but we're kind of going to go through the three parts. So I don't know if there's any questions on being your best self before we move on. You want to rip through that? Or Aaron, how

Speaker  276144:00
do you Mike? I'd want to. I actually have a question, and it's, it's a little bit about the what you've just spoke about. So I think, like, one thing that is, like, we just experienced it when, when we just did this, you know, finger touching thing. It talk about how much environment matters here, right? Because, like, we're all on this call. We're all doing it right? Like some of us are going to this retreat in Toronto this weekend, like it's going to be such an amazing time, because we're all in that environment. We're all thinking the same thing. We're doing the same thing. It's so easy. You know, we have a 6am run. Whether you wake up at 6am or not, everyone's going to get up at 6am I bet life savings on it, because the whole group is getting up, right? So it's easy. I find it so much easier when you're in that environment. Is a part of creating your best day ever, also crafting your environment? Or is it first create your day then figure out the environment?

Speaker  290336:00
No, for sure. I mean, think about it in we're all creatures of Mother Nature, right? Take like the shittiest plant in the world, and put it into great soil with great nutrients, and it'll grow into the strongest plant ever, right? And the opposite is true. You could take the strongest, hardiest, like bamboo plant, and put it into shitty soil that has no nutrients to it, and it's not going to grow well. So it is about your environment. And you know, on that, on that piece of mindfulness and environment, but generally setting yourself up in those right places, like I remember when I went to my first yoga class, when yoga class 25 years ago, and the yoga teacher was like, breathe, you know, breathe into your toes. And I'm like, What are you talking about? Breathe into your toes, you know. But like that full, that full hour of the breath and breath work, but it wasn't about that class. But if you keep showing up to classes like that, and you'll hear teachers say, yoga is everywhere. It's not in this class. You take that with you and everywhere in life. Well, the same is is true for a mastermind or retreat. You go there to set yourself up so that you don't have any distractions. You have to do it. You can't hide. You can't you can't run into your normal shadows, which we all do. You have to go into the light, and if you spend enough time in that light, and they become patterns and habits, then you could do that anywhere. So big believer in that set yourself up in environments that force yourself to grow, give yourself enough time in that environment, and then you're going to see that that actually becomes part of you, enough that you can be the teacher there and show other people it.

Speaker  315674:40
We've got a question from Becky. You got your hand raised up? Go for it. Yeah.

Speaker  317162:40
So I know that I just saw you at CHFA, and I've been doing more and more events with my business, so it's kind of almost hard to tap into creating your dream day when. You're always on the road, I find that I have, like, sometimes four or five events in one week, and then I'm just gassed. Do you have any tips or tricks on how to, like, protect your energy during those busy weeks?

Speaker  323184:00
Yeah, for sure. And we're going to talk about all that, and we're going to talk about the big part of that, Becky and community, because you're doing the right thing with building community, you just have to train yourself. Here's what I here's my experience with it. If I'm at home, I could have the perfect routine, but as soon as I go on the road, my routine goes to shit. Everyone says that, right? Because it's the truth. You take yourself out of your home environment. What the thing we're just talking about that Aaron brought up, that you take yourself out of your home environment, it's really easy to go to shit. So what do you have to do? You have to be mindful and put your program together of what you're going to do when you're on the road. And that doesn't mean that you're on the road routine is going to be just as awesome as your home routine. I use the example I work. I have a wellness routine of three hours a day when I'm at home. Okay? Love working out. It starts like yoga, stretching. Go into full weight training, do cardio. I have a couple saunas and red light and cold plunge. I do it all at home, right? That's three hours. But if I'm on the road, I usually don't have three hours because I'm setting myself up to go out and like, meet other people or go to events or go to a trade show, or go to shoot media, or do all these exciting things that are happening on the road, go and visit a customer. But I don't take that routine down to from three hours down to zero. I'll do an abbreviated version of that routine. My abbreviated version might be like an hour long, you know, and the and the super abbreviated version might be 30 minutes, but I'm mindful and conscious of what I have to do to keep my keep my level that I don't drop below feeling like shit and actually losing my shit, because as soon as that is then all those things happen, you start to be foggy, and like going through it starts a little bit of a vicious cycle, Becky. If you're like, you're good at home, but then you go on the road, and you have to be on the road, and so you feel like shit, and then you're like, Well, I don't want to be on the road. You know, do that for I was on the road. We used to do 100 trade shows a year, and and I was on the road constantly. And I had to make it that way. If not, I wouldn't want to do it anymore. And I see that in a lot of entrepreneurs that I talk to, it is the dilemma. You know, we don't build our best life from our coach, and we don't build our best business from behind our desk. It's actually being out there. And so you have to build your personal, your being, your best self routine for on the road, it just may be a mini Year version. Okay, makes sense?

Speaker  359749:20
Great question. Okay,

Speaker  360341:20
we're gonna move on. How many of you love what you do? We're doing your best work. I'm hoping it's everybody here, because we're entrepreneurs. If you're not, then you're doing the wrong thing or something.

Speaker  363482:40
Yeah, this is

Speaker  363706:40
step along the way. Yeah, you know. But there's people, Hey, believe me, even entrepreneurs, we get into things and we go, You know what I hate, what I do, we hate what you do. You're in full control of it. The world's not happening to you. You're happening in the world. You're happening to your work, right? Who's familiar with the with the ikigai model? Some of you, no, no. Japanese model, okay, I'm challenging the traditional ikigai model, because the ikigai model is made up of four parts. It's basically saying what you enjoy to do, doing something that you enjoy to do that, what that you're good at, that the world needs and that you can get paid for. Okay, that's the Iggy guy model, and it confuses a lot of people. I've seen it. I believe it's really all about doing something that you enjoy. I say doing something you're passionate about. Some people get confused with passion. They don't know what that means. Like, how do I know what I'm passionate about? But if you're doing something that you enjoy, here's the thing, you will even if you're not good at it, you will get good at it because you're passionate about it, you're interested in it. So you'll not only work hard at it, you'll study. You'll learn how to get better. You'll hang out with people that are like minded in that kind of space, and you'll practice until you are good. So I don't think it's really about, you know, building the best business or doing your best work. You don't already have to be good at what you're doing. You have to enjoy what you're doing and and then you'll get good at it through reps, right? So the number one ingredient for doing your best work loving what you do, and if you love what you do, it won't feel like work. I could tell you, 20 years growing the business from zero to $100 million for, like, the far majority of that time, it didn't feel like I was working at all. I got up every day, charging, going, I can't believe I get to do this. I get to learn something new today, solve some new problems, build some new customers, all the things that we were doing in the pursuit of building the best thing that I could possibly build. I and it's personal to me, because I took my body from a place of being the shittiest thing that it could be, and I built myself up to saying I'm full control. I sculpted my body. My mind is fresh. I'm sharp. I built myself to be the best person that I can be. Now I want to do the same thing for an organization or for a business, because work and business is essentially the same thing. It's an organization, right? And even if you start out and you have no knowledge about it, you can become excellent at something. You can even become. I'm world class. And when you build world class, it doesn't matter what business, what industry, what you build world class, it's super valuable. And I'm not saying you can't fake it till you make it, because this is a interesting thing, like you could trick yourself into liking what you do, right? And maybe sometimes you need to do some of that, because you haven't done it, and you haven't done it enough, so you just, like, give yourself a chance to, like, just go, go fully through it. But for the long term, effect, and businesses, like business, is about decades, not days. If you're actually enjoying what you do, you're going to out compete someone that doesn't. It's just that simple, right? I'll share with you, with you know, me doing my best work. I didn't go to high school, so I had no business education at all, zero, okay, but I became super passionate about health after I lost the weight, and so I got pumped up to start a health food business. I figured I'd become, if I could became my best self, that I could build the best business, right? I could transform a business. And I chose hemp. And I can tell you, the only thing harder than starting a hemp food company in 1998 was a guy with a ponytail doing it like it was super challenging. Didn't fit at all, but I believe that I could build something from it. And so day one for me as an entrepreneur was my first day of business school. When I started out, I didn't even know how to write a letter. I actually had to ask someone, how do you write a letter? It's like, dear so and so, and then the body of the letter, and you put Sincerely yours, like I had zero business skills at all, okay? And because, you know, I was interested, and I was I had just become my a version of my best self. I wanted to do my best work. That meant becoming an expert, and interested in becoming an expert in all things hemp, and eventually all things business. In our business, it was right from genetics to end consumer agriculture. How do you farm? I grew up in the prairies, but I grew up in city. I don't know how to farm. Agriculture, manufacturing, consumer branding, marketing, Omni channel, CPG, sales. It was a full time job during the day and educating myself at night to learn how I can be better the next day. Okay, and you need to, you need to be super passionate about something to do that, and not only to be we become operationally excellent. I pushed us as a business to be become world class, which in our business was, you know, two manufacturing facilities of 80,000 square feet, with over 200 team members running 24/7 certified to the highest level, BRC, double A plus food safety and food quality. And again, world class is super valuable. You know, we won a tremendous amount of awards, and because we were world class, we won the awards that led to us being able to sell our business for four, $19 million right? So is it all worth it? Fuck yeah, it's worth it. Can anyone do it? Yes, you can do it, if you like, if you're really interested in what you're doing. So I would just, you know, maybe we take a moment and just think about, are you doing your best work right now? You know, are you going for operationally excellent in your business, or even world class, are you destination planning to get to that spot? And I'm hoping that you are, you know, because if you're not, you're likely not going to get there. You can get lucky and you can some things could happen, but if you're not intentionally focused on where you really want to go in business and with your work, it's not going to happen, right?

Speaker  453712:00
Mike, one thing there that I I think it's like you said it, but you said it really quickly. I mean, I don't think anyone on the call has done that, like, has been in their business for 20 years. I mean, maybe it's just not old enough yet, but for me, it's one of the things I actually admire most. Is like building anything for 20 years straight. Did you always know that how it would end? Was it always we're going to build this, we're going to make it world class. We're going to get into X amount of there's a lot of CPG folks on this call as well. Like, tell me, like, how you even get to 20 years mentally? How do you stick on? How do you go through those troubling times, multiple, two decades? Like, it's not it's not easy,

Speaker  466272:00
yeah, well, it started out, you know, enjoying what I what I do, right? And and it became part of my lifestyle. Like, be my best self, build my best business. You know, when we started out, I wanted to be a millionaire. You know, I grew up a poor kid, and so I thought, I want to do a million dollars in sales. Because I thought that was being a millionaire. So naive I was when I was 20 years old, starting the business, and took us five years to reach our first million dollars in sales. Okay, five years and and the first couple years, I didn't get paid at all. There was $0 coming out of the business. But at five years, when we reached a million dollars in sales. I realized for the business that we were setting up manufacturing and dealing right with farmers and starting a consumer packaged goods brand, we needed to be a $10 million business to be actually sustainable and successful. So like after five years of going at it and thinking I was fulfilling my dream as a young. And pop, I get there and realize, Oh, my God, the wall is 10 times bigger than I just thought. But I was, I was up for the challenge. I was enjoying what we were doing, you know. And it took us 10 years to get to that $10 million in sales. And then I started to see, okay, this is a decade into this business, and we made $10 million in sales. Now I could see building world class and getting to $100 million in revenue, which it took us another 10 years to get to, we basically grew $10 million a year. So I'm not I'm not saying that, you know, you should have the vision and the visibility to your business of like, what building world class is, but I also don't think that you should be starting a business to say, Hey, I'm starting this business and I'm going to sell it one day. That's that's where I've seen more entrepreneurs fail. You know, if you're doing something because you enjoy doing it, if you're doing something that you're going to build best in class of what you're building, then that that business, you should be able to do that forever. Like, are you are you loving this enough? Are you setting it up so that you love it enough that you do this for the rest of your life? That's a great test on how successful you're going to be. And talk to some of the most successful entrepreneurs in the world, they're all tell you the same thing, like you set it up so you say, I'll do this for the rest of my life. You're going to out compete 99.99% of your competition. Just right there, right? And who knows when you get lucky? Like we all get lucky in business. What if your luck's not until the eighth year of business, and you give up after year six? Because you're like, I've put, I put six years into this thing, but your lucky moment didn't come later, right? Like we were just, we're a great example.

Speaker  506869:20
And so it wasn't, it wasn't cutting edge, it was like bleeding edge, right? And it took more time. And so, you know, I tell people like, think about decades of building in business instead of days, and you're going to be likely more successful because of that.

Speaker  512202:40
I have a question. How do you determine, like, where are you placing your focus on, like, each stage of the business and like, growing something so big there's like, there comes a point where there's probably not a lot of like, other people doing it. So how do you also, like, when you're focusing on this thing, is it like I'm taking best practices from other things, or I'm reinventing the wheel? Like, how do you think about that and then your focus?

Speaker  519621:20
Yeah, and I'm going to talk a little bit about it in community. My computer wasn't plugged in. I'm stuck in here. I'm a big believer in repurposing with pride. Okay, I don't like, I don't like the term copying, because I think it's kind of bullshit. But repurposing with pride we can do. We could take healthy examples from other businesses, from from from other industries even, and bring them into our business. You know, in generally, in business, businesses need certain things at different stages of the business. It's a lot different to have a startup and get to your first million dollars, as it is, to go from kind of one to five and then, and then, for sure, when you, if you, if you achieve a $10 million business, to scale it to like bigger than that like. And so the job changes. But at the end of the day, I've become more and more focused over the years on what are the things that have to happen to move the business forward, and how do I set myself up in flow state so I can do the deep work of that with the least amount of time possible, but make sure those things get done. And I've because I've realized that my worst my my worst days as an entrepreneur, my worst times were when I got frustrated in the business, and I would show up to work and I do eight hours of work, but nothing would get done. I wouldn't do anything, but I'm like, I'm here and we're working. You know what I mean? Instead of like, these are the three things that have to happen today. These are the four things that have to happen this month to get these to move the business to the next level and make sure those things get done. It's a great way to profile so you know, prioritization in business, and then you know, the bigger the business gets. When you have a team, the larger the team gets. Your role really changes from founder to CEO, right? And and a job of a CEO is a lot different than the job of a founder. The job of the CEO, and most entrepreneurs don't make this leap as well. Like, I help a lot of our portfolio companies, our founders grow because a founder, we're all crazy, like, we can found something, we can make something out of nothing. But then when you get up to a stage where you have to just repetitively make that machine better, a lot of people fail, because it's all about having a clear vision and a mission and a values and a strategic plan and a governance on, like, what they can do to really grow and selecting that team and, like, putting it all together. But it has to happen when your scale gets a little bit bigger, and for sure, when you get a when you get a bigger team. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, and I'm going to talk a little bit about it in community. Community. Damien, it's like mentorship really goes a long way to help, help the lonely founder or the or the founder that feels like he's doing it, to to align with other founders that are doing the same thing. That's why I love groups like this. Because talking and socializing with other people is is that peer to peer mentorship is a critical part of growing up real fast in business. Which leads me to my next point. You know, building, building, building your best community. There's literally no way that I could have done this all alone, right? Just wouldn't have happened. And I've learned that if it takes a village to raise a family, it takes a nation to raise an entrepreneur, which that's why I became super passionate about building my best community. And let me just get into you know, to be successful, we know we need employees, we need customers, we need vendors. We need suppliers, investors, mentors, government contacts, media relations, influencers, all of that is community. We need people rooting for us, inside the business and outside the business. And I'm a big believer in karma. You know what? When you're doing good onto others, good is coming back to you. And I could say that now, with like, two and a half decades of doing this, it is actually a snowball that gets bigger and bigger and bigger. The earlier you start in life and building community and doing good in the community, the more is going to come back to you. And so the thing is that if you're doing it because you want to do it, people really take notice. You know, that's the bullshit detector. You see people building community. We all see it online. Another way building community, just for the sake of building community, not actually wanting to do it, and giving a shit about people. People take notice in that. And so, you know, I built my success off of make friends first and do business second. It's a focus that is the exact opposite of it's just business. It's not personal. So I hate that saying, you know, it's just, it's just not there's we are feeling beings that think, okay, we as human beings, are feeling beings that think, when we feel good about someone, we will go the extra mile for them. That doesn't mean that we have to become best friends, but obviously knowing someone's name or their spouse's name or if they have kids or if they enjoy similar activities than you do, will set the stage for friendship over business. And that's when the root the magic really, really happens. Okay, it's the foundation of building great community. I don't know if you're familiar how many familiar with minimum the concept of minimum viable community, minimum viable community is, is just what it sounds like. It's, it's, it's usually thought of as the minimum amount of customers that you need to sustain your business. And I'll give you an example of that, if you want to be a million dollar business, and your average customer buys $100 a year from you, your minimum viable community is 10,000 people. Okay, 10,000 people at 100 bucks a year, you're a million dollar business. And I love this way of thinking, because it's a lot easier to acquire 10,000 people into your community, then magically make a million dollars in revenue, right? Like operationalizing your growth, this is one of the ways that it can be done. But it's really not just about customers. That community is also your vendors, your investors, your mentors, etc, right? And and your minimum viable community size grows for each stage of your of your that your company grows. So you want to be a $5 million business, your minimum viable community at a $5 million business grows, which makes it critical to always be thinking about and building your best community. And there's no easier way to do that in 2024 than growing a personal brand, people are interested now, more than ever, of the people behind the business. And here's the thing you know, when your community wants you to win, you truly become unstoppable. And I'll share with you, like how I built community over the years. When we the first year we started in business, I said, What can I do to get involved in the industry? And I volunteered for the Manitoba fruit Processors Association. So our Industry Association here in Manitoba, which led me to running the Canadian hemp Trade Association on on the volunteer on on their board for six years, which led me to volunteering on the organic Trade Association of Canada for six years and building that organization, which led me to the Canadian Health Food Association, running the largest Health Food Association in Canada that governs a $10 billion of sales in Canada. And some of you, and Becky, I mean, I know you were there, but you know, runs the biggest trade show. And stuff. And that was 20 years of of give back work for me, 20 years of volunteer work. But that network that I built gave me everything in business. You know, I've done hundreds of trade shows and consumer events. Those experiences really connected me with the industry leaders, and then connected me with mentors. You know, remember mentorship, like the people that the best mentors for you are people that are playing the same game as you are, and the best place to go and connect with them are industry events, right? And I'm talking a little bit more of the old and old guy or gal mentor. There's also peer to peer mentorship, which we just talked about. And, you know, groups like this are great examples of that when you're getting together with people. But it was more than just industry. We that that community building also. We became a poster child for government. And this is a huge strategy that businesses should do in your local and in your local community, and then if you can expand, we were like nationally in Canada, which equaled $2 million over our 20 years, we got $2 million of grants from the Canadian government, and we got $10 million in interest free loans to build our business. Why? Because we were, we were a good community member. You know, we also met countless investors through the community and all the people that eventually bought the company from us. So, you know, I the biggest opportunities in my life came out of putting myself out there and with the mindset of helping other people, or that term, kind of giving back. And I did it, you know, for 20 years without social media. Yeah, I've only, I've only been on social media for three years, and I'll talk a lot more about that, because I think it's the it's it's really the best fuel for the flame nowadays. And you guys are all you know, most of your younger entrepreneurs and and you could, you should really utilize that.

Speaker  670362:39
But I'm hoping that you're thinking in your mind like, are you building your best Are you building community right now? Are you building your best community right now? That's exactly. That's exactly where I want your headspace to to be. And simplest form of like, how do you build community? You put yourself out there. I'm speaking from x3 100 pound introvert that used to sit at the side, holding up the wall, not talking to anyone, and, and, and now I'm taking some of the biggest stages in the world and generally, just putting myself out there. You have to be authentically yourself. You have to share your story to build real community. It's not the like, hey, paying for likes and clicks and you have all this following that doesn't actually do you anything. You have to share your real story. And why is your origin story important? Because it allows people to connect more deeply with you. I'm a big believer. I've realized it now on social media, last three years, you shout out your message over and over and over again. It may seem even like dull and boring to you, because you're saying it so many times that the skill is to say it a number of different ways. Your community is going to form around you. The people, the people on the planet that are supposed to be in your community, will form around you, and I was scared. I was scared to tell people that I was a high school dropout, because I thought people would be like, think less of me, right? I was scared to tell people that I that I had a hard time managing my health and I was 300 pounds, I that I had been to therapy and different therapists for, like, over a decade. I thought people would think that I was weak and that that would do worse for me. And so I hid right in the corner of the shadow, instead of setting, instead of putting myself out into the light, and what the world sees now is me putting myself into the light. And I would encourage you all put yourself into the light, you know, if you don't, and I have some exercises and things I can share with you after this, like make sure that you detail your origin story, all the parts of it, the parts that make you authentically. You on doing what you're doing, and then start putting yourself out there. It's, it's hugely, hugely valuable. You got to show up. You know, it's one thing to have a story, the next thing to show up. Like, how can you show up? Going industry organizations or peer groups like the founders club, trending trade shows and conferences, volunteering in your local community, volunteering at a national level, if you can get some of those roles, like get out there and show up, you know, and then take it to social media. I think LinkedIn is the king and queen of business social media, and founder personal brands, you know, I've been talking Aaron's ear off on this over the last little bit, and he signed up, and he's going, and you could all see that, because he's doing an incredible job of it just just rocking and rolling, right, whether it's your customers, your vendors, your your investors, your media, they're all on LinkedIn. There's close to a billion people on the platform now. Over the last three years, LinkedIn has been the foundation for my full personal brand, my book and becoming a best selling author, my coaching, all my portfolio companies met them through LinkedIn, my advisory, my speaking engagements, like everything's happened through LinkedIn, because it's a ripe opportunity. Only you know, 95% of people don't post on LinkedIn. They just watch and so there's no other there's no other platform that has the organic. Reach potential that is so situated to entrepreneurs and founders telling their story, not an advertisement about their business. Why are you doing what you're doing? What have you learned? What makes you authentically you? And if you combine that both in person, community building with social, that's when the momentum really happens. And I think about it as, like, executing locally at the trade show and amplifying it digitally on LinkedIn. You know, that's really where the magic happens. I know we're coming on time, and we didn't go so many questions, but I have, I have two more parts, you know, the and I'm hoping that, you know, if you started out and you're like, what's this mic guy talking about building your best day ever, this sounds all crazy. And like, Where's this coming from? That you're starting to go, Hey, wait a second, there's something here that makes sense to me, and I can tell you this, it's an infinite game, right? Your best day ever is not a destination. You need to continuously grow to be able to get there. It's the pursuit of doing your best that is actually going to serve you. So when you think that you've made it, you gotta keep on going. You can't stop growing. People ask me now, oh, you sold your business for four, $19 million what are you going to do? Sit on a beach? No, it doesn't work. You need to keep on growing. You need to keep on growing. We all need to keep on growing. It's the only way that it works. And so, you know, some things for you to think about, like for many in business, you have a mission statement and and and a core values for your business. Do you have one for your personal life? Do you know where you're going in like a guiding yourself, because your mission and values are your compass that actually gets you there. Having a strategic plan that includes your best day ever, an annual plan. What are you going to do personally, in business and in your family community, and having and doing monthly reviews and check ins to that, and having accountability partners and peer mentors that can help you along with that, is the way to get there a lot faster and probably have more fun with it at the same time, right? Even if that means that you need to take a mental pause from whatever you're doing to actually set yourself up with that plan. It's super and critically important. I realized that when we sold the business, you know, we sold the business within six weeks, we sold the company for four, $19 million my ex and I decided that it was time to separate. And my mom died unexpectedly, and I was like total chaos, lost after all this success, and I had to hit the mental pause button to figure out, what is the next what's the next step of me? How am I going back to build the next my, my next best work, you know, which is transitioned five years later, now into what I'm doing? But, but it's, it's critical that if you're in transition, or you're having a hard time, or you don't have your roadmap, or you don't have a plan, that you sit down and put that plan together first, and then you can then you can act that plan. And you know, my ultimate encourage meant to you is you can live your best day ever every day I'm totally here to support you. There's nothing more than I that I love, besides winning myself, helping, watching, encouraging other people to win, other entrepreneurs to win. You know, I developed a as part of my book. When I launched it, I developed a grow higher workbook. It has the best day ever worksheet and some exercises into it, super helpful tool. Just to frame it out for you. Send me a note on LinkedIn and I'll flip that to you, or I can send it to Aaron or clay and get it out to to the group, if you want to go deeper. And I'm not, this isn't a sales pitch, but you could buy the book and grow 12 unconventional lessons for becoming an unstoppable entrepreneur has some great things in there. Or you can listen to the audio book. I'm actually going to put the audio book out on my podcast, just so that people can have it and ask me questions. You know, I'm an open book. I want to see everybody win. And if there's something that I can help you with, reach out and and ask that of me and I, we did save nine minutes or something

Speaker  780282:40
for gonna say we saved some time. Mike, that was jam packed. Wow. Okay, so those who want to ask a question, raise your hand. Matthew, already on the queue. So, yeah, just raise it. You go into a queue, and I'll just call your name and unmute. We'll go from there. So, Matthew, you're up. Thanks.

Speaker  785552:00
Anne, yeah, dude. Mike, great connecting with you. Thanks so much for sharing all this, this wisdom. I am like in my first year of starting this lightsaber company, and we've got comic conventions that we do all over the US, and I feel like I've got my the community, just like in this splintered, kind of at like, a splintered way, like, we've got tons of influencers. We've got people that just love meeting us, and I see other brands that have built this, like, really in depth community. I'm just curious, like, what would you do in your first year today to organize, unite and have that community that's able to rally with and around your

Speaker  796810:40
brand. Yeah, it's a little bit different for the different types of business, but in consumer packaged goods businesses, I'm a big believer in the kind of farmers market approach. You gotta nail it locally first. Like I. Because it's harder, right? When you fly to a different state, fly to a different country, fly across country, to build community that way. And so, like, I tell people, they're just launching a consumer package goods brand. It's a 1010, 100 approach, 1010, stores, your first 10 stores that are within 10 kilometers or 10 miles of your house, 100 100 customers in each one of those stores. Like, that's density that you could build in for you. It may be like choosing, I don't know if it is possible, but like choosing five comic shows that are in in in your hometown or in your city or just or in your state even. So you get density there because the and I mentioned earlier, if you pick that up, it's about executing locally and then amplifying digitally. You could take that community and expand it online, but you need a core of it. You need a bullseye, and there's no better place to develop that Bullseye than than close to home, cool.

Speaker  814714:40
I would also add that that's also true for DTC. Like, whenever we expanded into new regions, it was like, where do we want to build customers? Where do we want to show up? Where do we want to put up billboards? Whatever that is. It's just harder and slower, but it has a longer impact.

Speaker  819392:00
Yeah, it's unique. We're I mean, I bought this company from a high school kid that had a 20,000 person Tiktok account. So we're getting to meet in person a lot of the people that have been involved with Legion saver so far. So we kind of have this like spread out community, and by doing these shows, we're able to meet the people that we've had that with. But I think that there's some wisdom in that local stuff too, for

Speaker  825669:20
sure. That's a great question. Matthew Becky, you got your hand up?

Speaker  826981:20
Oh, you're muted. Another question. So I am, at this point my business, where we are doing a lot of podcasts, a lot of interviews and that type of stuff. And I've never struggled with imposter syndrome. Imposter syndrome, I feel like my business, I've always been so positive and confident about it since day one, but I'm almost getting to this interesting point where so many people have been gassing me up, where I'm almost, like, sick of talking about myself. I don't know what, I don't know if anybody else can relate, but I feel like I meet a new customer. I'm on another podcast, and everyone's so excited. That's like, Oh my gosh. Do people want to hear this again? Like, I feel like I just told somebody else, but I don't know, is there any advice that you have? Because I know every time you talk to somebody, there's knowledge being shared. People love the story, but I feel like I'm almost sick of my own voice at this point. Yeah, I'd love to hear it's

Speaker  840789:20
just, it's just another, it's just another way for your brain to trick yourself into safety. Becky. That's all it is. So as if you, if you like, deep program your brain thinking your brain is like a auto computer that wants to protect you at all times. So if it says, like everyone's heard this story, Becky, don't put yourself out there so much. Don't talk about it anymore. Just just, you got to override that, because the reality is 99.99999% of people don't know you and never heard of you. Even, even the ones that have, they've got, like, a fraction of your story and and the ones that care will hear your story again and again, and the ones that don't care aren't important to you either anyway, because it's not part of your community, right? So just like, be loud and proud, stand up on the soapbox, shout it out. The only thing I would tell you is that, and I practice this myself over and over, is that get good at telling your story different ways. That's a way to satisfy your what you're saying. And this is why I love social media, especially LinkedIn, is I can take the same post concept that I want to share, I want to share something on leadership, or I want to share something on inspiration, and write it a little bit of a different way, right? Then I can go and I can practice that when I'm talking on a podcast and and I look at all the recording, if you're not already, like, watch your video back on any podcast or any, any, any speeches that you do or whatever, and see where the audience reacts. I could even see it from this call when everyone, like, hits the thumbs up button, right? Like that resonated with someone and then, and then rewrite that part of the story to even be more impactful there. That's that's a way to trick your brain into, like, Shut up, you know. Okay, we'll do the work and but it's not going to be not talking about myself anymore. It's going to be talking about yourself, like, 10 times as much.

Speaker  868080:00
Okay, no, that was great. Thanks so much. You're welcome. Bye.

Speaker  870826:40
So any other questions, throw them up in the chat. I'm also going to throw in Mike's LinkedIn, where he posts, I would say, majority of your content. I know you're more active on Instagram now, but I think let's say LinkedIn is home for some of Mike's best content. I also post a link to his book, which is, I really enjoy just the whole founder story. Obviously, I love founders. That's why we got the founders club going. So you get to go really deep into how you build a 20 year business to a nine figure exit. We've got a few minutes left. Is there any other questions? In, feel free to throw them in the chat. Raise your hand. I've got a question that is relatively selfish, because one's for me and not for the for the club, but everyone can listen. But you know, Mike, 20 years building something, it becomes your identity. I mean, I did mine for six and a half years, and it's became my identity. It still is my identity, even today. I was thinking of changing my LinkedIn, like, you know, what? Like that, like line, you know, people have Forbes, all that shit. And I was like, Well, what do I put, you know? What am I at this point, you know? So, tell me about, like, that process. I mean, you know, going from 20 years every day in the business to, I think you're like a board member now. You're not, you're not involved in the day to day. What has to happen before you, like, is you fully reinvent yourself, or do you just change the narrative in your head?

Speaker  895514:40
Yeah, well, both, right, like, there's a, there's in major transition times like that. There's a grieving process. I just happened to everything I do. I do it big. So I had the triple grieving of death of my business, death of my marriage and death of my mom, all the same time. And when I talked earlier, of like hitting that mental pause button, I had to go, I went into monk mode. And if you, if you don't, if you're not funk mode, you can Google it. It's a real thing. It's like when you intensely focus on the moment and the best things you do to be your best self. I had to do that for like, six months because I had nowhere to go. I couldn't show up the next day to my business. I couldn't I couldn't show up with my kids because I only had them every other week. And I couldn't show up to see my mom, right and and and, but I had all the time and money in the world to do those things, so I had to reinvent myself, which took really getting clear with what I wanted to do next. I knew I didn't want to operate a business again, because I'm a recovering entrepreneur. Really, I'm not fit to operate a business with all the stress over 20 years, but I want to be involved. I love growing business, I love growing community. I love growing teams. And so, you know, that's where I came. I'm like, I'm going to I'm going to be helpful. I'm going to help other entrepreneurs. It started with having 1000 calls during covid with entrepreneurs and just asking them, how can I help you out? You know, it maybe it's a piece of advice, maybe it's a little bit of maybe it's an introduction to someone. And out of that 1000 calls, I made 10 investments in the portfolio. But I also got clear on my message that I was that I was sharing with the world, and wrote the book. And then that led, you know, to people asking me, Hey, can you coach me? And I started my hourly coaching. And so like, it all rolled on each other and where you're at Aaron, and anyone's in that space, when you're in transition, you have to give yourself time and transition, because there's a grieving process of letting yesterday die, and then you have to have a plan of clarity of what you're going to do next, and give yourself time to be in that transition, right? Like three months or six months is not a lot of time in a major transitionary moment of life like that.

Speaker  929392:00
I agree that's two quick questions here before we let everyone go. Devon, you got a question? Yes.

Speaker  932480:00
Hey, Mike, thank you so much for the chat. Really appreciate it. I'll just toss my camera on here too. So I I just have a question in regards to knowing what to spend your time on. I often struggle. Sometimes I'll do certain things, and then I wonder, my brain will kind of tell me like, oh, is this the right thing to be focusing on, and are you doing this for the right reasons? So I'm just wondering, do you have ideas on how to test whether you're doing something for the right reasons, and rather, it's something to stick with or and how to know when your brain's just playing tricks on you?

Speaker  942682:40
And yeah, just for clarity, Evan, is that? Is that activities in your business? And then just give me like, What? What stage is your business at?

Speaker  944928:00
I guess it's more a general life question. So I am working on a business right now. It's in the very early stages, but I recently, I was doing content creation for a while, so I was making videos, and that was where my business started. And I've started to focus on something new, and I've left that in the past. And I'm not sure whether I left that in the past prematurely or,

Speaker  952645:20
yeah, I guess it's just a little bit of Yeah. I mean, that's, that's why, that's why I think about, I like to simplify things. I think about life and business kind of as departments, right? Sales, Marketing, ops, finance, and if for sure, it reads true in business, like are the activities that you're doing really setting yourself up in one of those areas, or I'll put the lens on being my best self, doing my best work. And. Building my community. Is it feeding one of those buckets what I'm doing? And if it's if you don't, if I'm not sure, if you're not sure, it's a kind of gray area. Do that at the end of the day. Do that in your evenings. Do that in your weekends. Don't let it take your deep work time. I've just, I've learned so much of the power of deep work. And in your deep work you want to get the things done that you're clear are moving your needle forward and everything else, do it after. You know, I think that's that's a good way to start to get really good at prioritization and actually executing the stuff that has to happen.

Speaker  969685:20
It's a really good question. I think it's something that every entrepreneur struggles. That's best every day.

Speaker  971338:40
It's a shiny it's a shiny object syndrome, right? Like, hey, we're entrepreneurs. It. We make something out of nothing. That's like being a magician, right? Nothing's there. And all of a sudden we make something out of it. But then we start saying, Can I make something out of that? Can I make something out of that? Can I make something out of that? And we ultimately have to say no, because if we say yes to everything, or we try everything. We literally will spin our tires and not go anywhere.

Speaker  977600:00
I love it. Okay, we have just a quick last one. I know we're over by a few minutes, but Matthew, squeeze this one in. Matthew, do you want to just say it? You want

Speaker  980176:00
me to read it Sure? The last question was, for those first years when you were not taking money from the company. How did you survive? Like, what? What

Speaker  982213:20
was, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, the the benefit of me dropping out of high school, I started working full time when I was 1415, and so by the time that I I started the business at 21 I had enough money to invest in the company, which was, it was $10,000 between the three founders to start the company. So it wasn't a lot of money, but I had enough money for about 18 months worth of my very simple rent and very simple food structure. So that's, you know, I went into it. And this, I get this question all the time from entrepreneurs that are working somewhere else, and they say they want to be an entrepreneur, and how can they prepare for potentially bridging that gap? And I said, Just give yourself enough time, right? If you have enough resources to give yourself enough runway, that's the most important way to think about it.

Speaker  995808:00
Yeah, thanks. Appreciate it.

Speaker  996144:00
It's always difficult. I used to I remember I was DJing on the weekends when we were doing like $12 million a year in sales. I was so scared to take money out. But I think everyone is so scared. You're like, Oh, I gotta take it out. Gotta put it back in. Like, I always felt like every dollar I took it was one less dollar I can put into growth. So it's definitely not easy. But anyways, Mike, thank you so much. That was jam packed. If people want to connect with Mike, Mike fatta.ca Right,

Speaker  1003866:40
yeah, all things, all things, me at. Mike fatta.ca for sure, but connect on LinkedIn. If you're on LinkedIn, you should be on LinkedIn. Be on LinkedIn, send me a note to say that you're a part of this chat. So it's easy, because I try to triage the connection requests.

Speaker  1007834:40
You got the dear sir,

Speaker  1008624:00
yeah, yeah,

Speaker  1009248:00
yeah, LinkedIn, Instagram, the book is on Amazon, and Mike and I connected literally during covid, when he was doing those 1000 calls, we jumped on a call from LinkedIn. It literally hit him up on LinkedIn, and shortly, because his phone exploded in the sauna on it, but it was worth it, because he's here today providing values to the club. So Mike, thank you so much. Really, this is what, is what we do with the founders club. This is founder being an entrepreneur, as we all are in this group. It's like, it's tough, it's lonely, and it's guys like Mike who come up, give, give back to, to the community, is really what it's all about. So we appreciate it.

Speaker  1020906:40
Yep, stoked. Thanks for the stage again. And yeah, look forward to to connecting with you guys after and Aaron will hit you up, because I'm in Toronto next week, if you're if you're

Speaker  1023722:40
around, boom, come first. Sauna, yeah, anyone who's in Toronto, come first on. Let's do it all right, guys, take care. Bye, see ya. Thanks. Mike. Bye.
