14. FC Chats_ How Founders Can Scale Using the Creator Playbook with Zack Honarvar
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  1776:00
All right, everyone. My name is Bobby hober. If we have not formally met yet, I am part of the founder club community facilitation team. I may have led a mastermind for you. Maybe I helped in the admissions process. And if you have not yet seen me run one of these fireside chats. You're now getting experience of this. And so I'm super, super excited for today we have my good friend Zach Kat of our who is an entrepreneur and talent manager renowned for bridging the gap between creators and commerce. As the founder of one day entertainment, he's got a digital talents like yes theory and air rack, facilitating their growth into globally recognized brands. Additionally, Zach co founded creator now, an educational platform empowering creators to scale their influence and businesses which has which was acquired last year. He's also the co founder of fan, of fan, a brand factory for today's top creators, and more recently, boring stuff, a company that handles the essential but boring back office tasks like bookkeeping, payroll, tax and HR, so creators and creative entrepreneurs can focus on what they do best, which is creating with the background at Shopify, Zach brings a unique blend of E commerce insight and creator economy expertise. His work emphasizes authentic storytelling, strategic brand partnerships and innovative monetization strategies, whether it is orchestrating record breaking stunts or launching successful product lines, Zach is dedicated to helping creators transform their passions into sustainable enterprises without further ado. Zach hanbard, thank you for being here today.

Speaker  27546:40
Thanks, man. What a hell of an intro. I mean, I expect nothing less from you, though,

Speaker  29546:40
and yeah, Bobby and I go very far back, so it's really cool to be able to do this. And I've been a huge fan of this community, and I'm friends with Aaron, and long time coming for me to do this, but hopefully I can chat with you all and provide some value, but honor to be here.

Speaker  33648:00
Big intro, because there's a lot of your story that the members here, especially if they don't know who you are, gives just like, such a solid foundation of like, okay, this is what Zach has been doing, and I think he's really equipped for just the insight you can bring to this community. So I'd love to kind of just kick things off and you're very well the founders community, founders club community, which is perfect, but from your perspective, what are some key mindset shifts that you feel like founders need to adopt to think more like creators?

Speaker  42021:20
That's a good question. I think, I mean, I was a founder in the Creator economy for a really long time, working and managing with creators, but never wanted to make content of my own. And I put it off for very, very, very long time, despite the thesis of my entire career being that if you start with distribution, it becomes really easy to sell things once you have distribution. And maybe even like the thing that we had noticed when I started managing creators was, back in the day, Nike would start with a product, like a running shoe, and then they would, in order to sell more running shoes, make content and build a lifestyle and a community around just do it and being an athlete and being a runner in order to sell more shoes. And today, what most creators are doing is the mindset shift of starting with a community, starting with a lifestyle, and then amassing people that believe the same thing with one another, and then figuring out, all right, what product can we sell these people because now we have their attention, we have their engagement. So I think the mindset shift of starting with a community, starting with lifestyle, starting with engaging people around a similar belief before you even figure out what to sell them. And oftentimes, I think what can happen is you can sell the same community and group of people multiple things, and also allows you to not be I don't know about you guys, but as a founder, I've always found it very tricky to like be the person that sells one product or offers one service, because it makes me feel limited as an entrepreneur. But if I can cater towards a certain type of person, then I feel very fulfilled, because I can focus more on a persona and sell things to that persona. So I would say that's the biggest mindset shift. Is start with the community, start with the the lifestyle and the type of person that you want to sell to as a customer, and figure out, how do I get a bunch of those people to follow me, care about what I have to say, show up to the events that I throw, and if you can do that, you can sell them anything. I think that's a better way to live your life and a better way to run your business.

Speaker  77706:39
Yeah, it's been super inspiring. I know you know the context. I've known Zach since probably 2017 2018, and so to see you finally, over the last two. There's really put some maybe it's the last year of going from behind the scenes to now leading the charge and actually creating your own content, I think really sets up this conversation where you can speak to both sides of the business. What are maybe two to three things that you've seen successful creator led brands do early on the founders often overlook.

Speaker  86645:20
I mean, have a creator is the main thing creator founded businesses are doing that other businesses are not doing. And I think there's two ways, obviously, that you all can probably go about doing this, which is either start making content yourself and document the process of building your business, or really come to terms with the fact that you don't want to be that individual, but really start to figure out how you can partner with one or five or 10 or 50 other partners that can fill that gap for you. I'm telling you all as someone who is like I was very dead set on I will not make content. I don't want to be a content creator. I will work with content creators, and I'll be also very transparent about my experiences in that and what ultimately led me to start making content. So I partnered with creators. A lot of the businesses I had co founded were and have co founded are all with content creators. I would rely on them to be the face of the business and to be my marketing funnel, because I wanted to be the operator. I also told myself this story that I valued my anonymity. I wanted to be able to go to the mall. I didn't want to have to worry about the the privacy of my children and all these various things, and I still very much care about those but anyway, that was a story that I told myself that made me shy away from the limelight and shy away from putting myself in front of a camera. Over the years, I realized that if you don't own the distribution, you are always negotiating for it. So even though I had creator co founders, I was constantly being like, Hey man, you want to post about that. Hey man, you want to make a video promoting this thing. And then they were constantly like, well, I don't know, does it fit within how much have I committed to doing for my equity? And I was always like, you know, I was lucky that I had good found, like, creator co founders. But a lot of the entrepreneurs I talked to that like, are starting a relationship with a creator co founder who they don't have the trust and intimacy that I've been lucky enough to have that person is treating it like a business decision, of like, is the business doing well? If it is, then I'll pour gas on the fire and I will help bring it distribution. But if the business isn't doing well, and you just want me to post about it because you're trying to get me to make it do well, then you're always like, fighting with this friction of getting a creator to maybe do something they don't want to do. And that's what ultimately led me to realize, like, oh, I need to own the distribution. I need to own some sort of credibility myself or us. I'm constantly just begging these creator co founders of mine to be that person for me, and I'm still in this point of dis leverage, even though I'm so friendly with them, even though they're my co founders, they're the ones that have the the power of distribution that I'm borrowing from them. And then also, I started realizing I was working with these creators who had millions and millions and millions of followers, and the story that I was telling you all about, you know, this, this thing where I would tell myself, Oh, I don't, you know. I want to be anonymous, and I want to go to the mall and I want to be able to hang out with my kids at Disneyland and not get bombarded. I thought that you needed millions of subscribers in order for your distribution to have meaning and value and impact, but I was so wrong. And also like the changes that happened around 2020 where content went from being something that you followed people and it was subscriber based to being algorithmic based on your interests, largely fueled by the growth of Tiktok and short form platforms changed the way that content impacts people, meaning that like you can have a lot more impact within a sub niche community and still and use your distribution and that impact, that distribution and that following to drive impact, and still go to Disneyland and no one frickin knows who you are. Attention has fragmented to the point where, like, yeah, you can, you can do a lot more with less, and you're also infinitely more powerful if you speak to more niche audiences than you are if you speak to a broad and mass audience. And I mean, even go to go maybe a step further than that, there are no more breakout stars that are massive, that everybody follows, especially not on these social media platforms. It seems like attention is becoming much, much more fragmented. And we can talk at length about this happening over the course of decades like I think, if you went to a high school lunch table in 1980 and you asked who are the five biggest celebrities that you follow, most people would have the same five names that they followed. Today. If you go to a high school lunch table and you ask them who they follow, no one will be the same five names across the table. Everybody is following different people. So anyway, that ultimately is the thing that got me to realize, oh, I don't need to have millions of followers. I just need to have 50,000 10,000 100,000 we're just 1000 true fans. And that made me realize, okay, this is worth doing, and I've been doing it for about a year now on my own, and it's been one of the best investments I've ever made. And I kicked myself in the butt for not doing it earlier. I will also preface this by preface that by saying I found fulfillment and enjoyment in in the creative side of it. Like I don't actually think of it as a monetary thing that I'm doing just for results or to drive sales. I've gone a year of making content actually, not knowing why the hell am I doing this? Am I trying to drive people towards something I've just done it as I have stuff within me that I want to say to the world, and this has been a medium for me to tap into this creative bug that I haven't been able to tap into because I've been so focused on being operational, founder guy. So anyway, that's, yeah, those are some thoughts there. That's

Speaker  177200:00
great. Talk to me about what are those first few steps look like, even a year ago, when you're you're thinking about this for so long, and I can guarantee, even on, you know, there's gonna be people that will replay this that aren't on the live, but I can guarantee there's people on this call right now, in the live that have been thinking about it and just haven't taken the action because of all the overthinking and what platform and what form or medium, but Well, what are those first couple steps like? For you?

Speaker  183925:20
For me, I started a second Instagram page that I called risky business. Was just a name I came up with, and I called it a social experiment by Zach hanivar, and I just started posting my videos there. I also actually maybe I'll give you guys this. When I first started thinking I wanted to make content, I hired an intern from film school, and I said, Help me make content. And then they came to my office, and they were like, oh, what kind of videos you want to make? And I was like, I don't know. You're my intern. You're in film school, tell me what I should make, and then they're like, well, let's do a podcast, or let's do these man on the street videos. And we did those, and the entire time it wasn't creatively fulfilling. What I was doing is I was making this young man named Alex's videos that he wanted me to make, and I was just kind of following him around and doing what he told me to do. And some of the videos were cool and I had fun and they were enjoyable, but it wasn't like it didn't, it didn't hit the mark. And then it got to the point where I started that Risky Business Channel, and I went, Okay, well, I want to do everything. I want to come up with the idea. I want to edit the video, and then I want to publish it myself. And I think that was the first time where I started being like these videos feel like mine. I made these. And so honestly for me, I would say the biggest thing was find a place where you don't feel like, Oh my God, all my friends are going to judge me, because no one was following the secondary page. I didn't have the worry that, like, I'm going to start posting content on my main page, and people are going to be like, What the fuck does Zack think he's doing? I also was super intimidated, because I'm the dude that works with all the biggest creators in the world, and then I was going to post videos that look like they were edited by like, a total amateur and I just thought that that would reflect really poorly on me. And so, like, my own insecurity was driven there. And I was like, let me just fuck around on the side page. So very low stakes environment, create a sandbox for yourself of a low stakes environment, and just like, start playing with stuff. The next thing I did was I found videos on the internet that I thought were interesting, and I tried to remake them in my own way. So I found, at the time, there was a, I mean, there still is a creator named by, by maximize. He would take these clips from movies and music videos and very cinematic, you know, content out there in the world, and then he'd put a sound behind them, or, like a, you know, like a quote where, like, I don't know, some famous person is delivering some sort of motivational line, and then it's kind of like mixed to this B roll of movie cinematics. And so I just started finding my own versions of, like, interesting quotes in the world and remaking them and they there's like this Ira Glass video on YouTube about the gap where it's like you see something that you want to make, and then when you make your version of it, it's really shitty compared to, like, what you think, the taste that you have of what is good. And I just started through iteration, trying to close that gap and make my stuff as similar to what I was seeing as possible. And I mean, it took me probably 3040, 50 videos, till I started being like, whoa. I mean, the process was insane. Like, you know, your 50 video is not going to look like your first. And I started getting really good feedback from my wife, who would be like, Zach, these are getting a lot better than I thought you would in, you know, 50 videos. It took a lot of time. So I'm going to preface by saying like, I was at a place where I had just sold my company, and I had a lot of time on my hands, so I had the luxury of being able to dedicate this time towards building this new skill. But as an entrepreneur, I'm sure of you kind of maybe share this, like I became obsessive about it. It was fun for me. I'd find new songs, I'd find new clips, I'd figure out where can I find. The best clips. How do I do this editing thing? How do I add sound design? And anyway, I think ultimately it got me to the point where I started feeling like I made a video where I used a Gary V audio to it and I sent it to a friend. I was like, What do you think of this? And he was like, it's good, but I would put clips of you, like, why am I watching clips of Leonardo DiCaprio and Wolf of Wall Street? Like, put clips of you to this. And so I just went on my phone, I tried to find little videos I had of myself. And when I did it, he was like, This is so much better. This is so much more interesting post this. And then I was like, Oh, well, like, this doesn't feel that bad. So I started putting myself in front of the camera a little bit more, and I started putting myself to different clips of, you know, motivational quotes, and that got me feeling more comfortable with me being the subject in the video. And ultimately, then I started filming myself to be in the video, and that led into me recording myself as the audio behind what I'm saying. And so it was like a building block each and every step of the way. So that was kind of like my progression through it, and that over the course of time has taken about a year.

Speaker  258288:00
Yeah, I think what's really important to know, and I found this in my own experience as a creator, is you saw something that you were inspired by, and you said, let me try to create my own version of that. And I think that sometimes can feel like, Well, are we copying them? Are we just, you know, trying to replicate what they're doing? It's serving as, like a stepping stone and a momentum to get you to the next position you need to be at. So I just think that's really important to acknowledge. It's like, it's really overwhelming. If you're starting at zero and you're like, Okay, let me just think this from scratch. But there's nothing wrong with surveying what's online and going, pulling inspiration from all these things and mixing it in your own pot, and then that becomes your your creation.

Speaker  269466:40
I will also say, to that point, place you go on Bobby is, I don't think there's anything wrong with taking a video and completely copying it if you don't publish it. It's a great way to learn. So, like, could you make, remake a video that is, like, blatant stealing, just to know I can edit it like that. So I think that is especially if you're not trying to, like, rip it, to to steal it. It is a really good exercise in building the muscle of, of, like, How did someone make this? How did they put these shots together? So I would, I would try to, like, literally steal if you're not going to publish it. And I do recommend that as a way to learn how to develop that muscle. Yeah,

Speaker  279221:20
I've seen Colin smear post about that a lot. Just like building it and not posting it, and it's getting more reps without the posting it to the public going all right, I'm doing this like putting some reps without actually publishing it. What do you feel like? What do you feel like? What do you feel like? Are some of the biggest mistakes you see founders making when trying to apply creator strategies to their business, right? And once again, it's like you have been working on the side of bridging the gap for the creators as their managers. But what are you seeing the mistakes that the founders are making from either being on the Creator side and or now having better context to maybe the opposite side?

Speaker  289872:00
Yeah, really good question.

Speaker  292095:59
Thinking through the lens from day one on, like, how does this help my business? Is probably a mistake. I don't think you all should start by thinking through like, what is the what is the content that's going to drive leads and awareness for my business, because you immediately taint the like place that I think I should start from that will make it more fun and more creatively fulfilling which will help you do it for longer, which will mean you will stick around with it for longer, which will mean ultimately, you'll get to a place where it will drive leads and success for your business. But starting on day one of like, what is the format or the video that is going to help me sell stuff? I think will lead you to not selling stuff on those initial first videos, because they're going to suck a lot, and then you're going to be like, Ah, well, it doesn't help me sell anything. And then you're going to give up on it. So have this, like, what is the type of video that you'll make that will help, that allow you to enjoy making videos, so that you do it for 10 years? And I think that question is, really, is really the question you should be answering. And for me, I'll give you guys like the videos I'm making most of the time have nothing to do with the Creator economy and have nothing to do with my job. I made a video about how important it is to call your parents because I wanted that's what I was thinking about. Was like, Man, my parents are old, and I don't have much time with them left. I'm going to make a video about how much time you actually have with your parents once you turn 30, if you're lucky enough to even have them. Has nothing to do with my business, but it's one of my best performing videos. One of my other best performing videos is about how I think the best decision I ever made was leaving my hometown of Toronto and moving to Los Angeles, and how I think everybody should leave. Their hometown, no matter where they're from, has nothing to do with my business. So anyway, I think, like, those are things that were within me. They were things that I strongly felt, and I wanted to get them off my chest. And the more that I've done those, the more that it's made me someone that, like, I think people in the space will look at and be like, Oh, that's a human being. I like following that person. He's sharing things that I resonate with. I've sacrificed, like, you know, maybe credibility and awareness towards my entrepreneurial ventures by doing that, but it's also set me on a path where I feel confident I can do this for another decade or two, which makes me confident that, you know, over the next decade or two, it's going to drive a lot of awareness and attention to my business.

Speaker  330245:20
Yeah, that's great. What? And to go layer deeper, right? So it's founders on this call might be entertaining the idea of, you know, being more of a media production company inside their company, whether them as the founder or the company themselves. But what's even your take on the 2025, version of working with creators to amplify their message. Do you still feel like there's a huge ROI, or does it bring you back to, you know, the top of the conversation, where you're putting way too much, you're putting way too much bet on the creators that you know. I mean, I'm sure you've seen it, where partnerships happen. They put a lot of money in and doesn't get the ROI, and now they're like, Well, I feel like I've shot myself in the foot because we expected a one, one row as and we didn't get nearly as much.

Speaker  342965:19
Yeah, on the partnering with creator side, I would, I would say, definitely, like, do a crawl, walk, run. So what I mean is, like, definitely don't take a big chunk of your budget. Go to one Creator, be like, make me a video. What I would try to find, if you're going to work with a separate creator and you're not going to make the content yourself, I would go, okay, who's my who's my target audience? Who are my customers? What are they interested in? What problems do they face? And then find creators that don't either educate people on those problems, if they're very specific, or talk about the lifestyle in an interesting way, it really depends on what your product or service is, right? So it's either solving a very specific problem for someone, or it's like a nice to have, like a running shoe is like a nice to have product that you try to sell someone emotionally. And those people are probably watching fitness content creators, lifestyle content creators. And so I would, I would do a lot of research into like, who are the creators that are making content and my audience is watching. And then I would try to see how they're doing brand partnerships, and look at some of the examples of the brands that they're working with. And the first place I would probably start is if you can give your product away in exchange for videos. That's probably where I'd start. So just like, can you give people free stuff in exchange for videos? The next place would be, can I get people to give me the right to put paid media behind those videos? So can I get UGC videos made either for a few 100 bucks or 1000 bucks and free product. And then can I put paid spend behind those? I think that will initially give you a lot of direction into what works and what doesn't, because you're seeing what directly converts. And then I would go into maybe larger influencer, creator spend budgets.

Speaker  373536:00
Yeah, I love that. Crawl, walk, run. That's a great, great mindset. I'm going to ask Zach one more question. Then I definitely want, I want to open it up, because I know there's gonna be a lot of questions. So if you have questions, just throw your raise your hand on the Google meets, and then we'll circle around. But Zach, just based on what you know now, where do you feel like the intersection of the Creator, slash founder space evolving over the next three to five years.

Speaker  380090:39
Where I think the intersection between the creator and the founder space evolving over the next few years is that I think founders, like the people on this call, are going to become better creators than creators are going to become founders. And I think that the intersection between these two worlds is blurring and making content is becoming more and more accessible all the time, every day, and I think that that gives more access and opportunity to people like us to pick up a camera and start making stuff and AI is making it easier than ever short form, I think we underrate how monumental short form content was in making the learning curve quicker. Because it used to be that you'd slave over a video for weeks and then you'd post it on YouTube, and it'd be 10 minutes long, and 200 people would watch it, and then you'd be like, Why am I going to spend 15 hours making another video, and then you'd stop after your fourth video. Now you can literally make a Tiktok in like an hour, and then you put it out and it gets 200 views, and then you put another Tiktok out in another hour, and it gets 400 views. And then the learning curve is so much quicker, so we are a lot more likely to go through the learning that it takes, and then the. Chances that you have of one of those tiktoks Getting a million views or 10,000 views, and you being like, holy shit that worked is a lot higher because of the way the algorithm works nowadays. So anyway, it's we're all set up to to play this game a lot more than we were five years ago. And I think that founders, because of the real need to do this, because you're screwed if you don't have distribution. Are adopting, becoming a creator and adopting social media content far quicker than most content creators are figuring out, what business should I start and how do I actually start it? So that's where I think this space is going to go, and I think the line is going to become even more blurred. I think that's already the case. Most creators don't know are sitting at this line of identifying as an entrepreneur or as a creator most times, unless they're like, I just make entertainment based

Speaker  412810:39
content last fall up to that and you kind of might have answered it there, what? What's your theory as to why you think it's easier for the founders to go and be the creator than vice versa, and is it because the founder is clear in the product that they're selling that Yeah, yeah. So a lot of creators that make content just for entertainment purposes

Speaker  418384:00
don't know what product to sell to their audience, and then they end up having people watch them because of their entertaining or they're funny. And there's not a lot of products you can sell people that follow you because you're entertaining or funny only. So a lot of creators go, Well, shit. People follow me because I make funny skits. People don't really care, but like, they're not going to buy your unless maybe they barely even buy a shirt with your logo on it, because you make funny skits, right? Like they have to emotionally connect with you, but if you already know the product, or you have some inkling of what the product is, and you can make good content for that audience, in that community, then you can, you already kind of know the funnel. A lot of quote, unquote, people like creators. They start just making content that's interesting, they amass an audience. And then, unless they're educating creators on something, or, sorry, educating their audience on something, the product becomes really murky. So a lot of creators. Again, it's like you have to have Mr. Beast level scale to sell a chocolate bar. Most creators can just turn around and sell a chocolate bar, or they don't even know how to even start into building, like a CPG business of that, like, size or style. So yeah, that's where I think, like founders are at a huge advantage, because most of the time, we tend to know what product or service we're interested in, we just need to figure out, how do we actually reach those people?

Speaker  438661:20
Yeah, okay, that's fantastic. Let's, let's switch it over to to this, to this group. I see Ben Moss, you've had your hand raised, I'm not sure if by accident, but we'll start with you. Ben, are you here?

Speaker  441429:20
Yes, sir. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Turning on camera so you can see me. So I'm not a content creator, so forgive me if this is a stupid question, but Zach, I wanted to try to understand you had said that you that you don't just post content, especially at the beginning, you'd recommend not posting content that is just for leads. So other interesting content, you gave the example of how important it is to call your mother. I definitely relate to that one. But how relevant is that your content that you're creating on a daily basis?

Speaker  449215:59
How relevant is that topic? How

Speaker  449824:00
relevant is a topic to what you actually what you're actually selling?

Speaker  450752:00
Yeah, 0% other than the fact that maybe everybody that I sell to has a mother like, I mean, I manage content creators, the only thing I sell is, I'm I sell brand deals for creators. I sell businesses that I start with those creators. I have an accounting firm that creators can work with. So like you know me being passionate about spending time with my parents, parents is probably 0% related to anything that I have to sell anyone.

Speaker  458565:19
So then what's Can you explain to me the value in creating a video that maybe gets engagement but doesn't serve the purpose of moving the user further along the funnel, or doesn't I just don't see it because

Speaker  461850:40
I'm not a creator. I think it probably doesn't have any value towards getting people to move across a funnel, but it does have value in teaching me how to engage audiences online and hold and retain attention, and then it also helps me stay creatively fulfilled and engaged in making content which propels me to want to do it for another 20 years.

Speaker  469264:00
Okay, that's awesome. Thank you. I appreciate it. Of course,

Speaker  469973:20
great. Great answer. Brandon, go ahead.

Speaker  471109:20
Hey, Zach. Was great to meet you. So I have a specific question on the YouTube side of things. So I had a video guy come to my place last Wednesday, and we basically filmed one video, like, why I'm starting a YouTube channel last Wednesday, we filmed another video on Sunday, and we're filming another one this week, and I just hired an editor yesterday. Shout out to fed it, who's on this call and connecting with the editor. And so basically, I'm going to get this first long form video live, probably in the next few days, in the next one live. Actually master, and I'm just thinking to myself, Okay, I'm gonna post this video. It's probably gonna get like 10 views, like a long form video. So what like? What do you do when you're just starting? Is it like? Because I do eventually, obviously want to get more people to watch it, assuming the video is good. Retention is good. Thumbnails, good, hooks, good. You know, it kind of algorithm recommends it. But like, one thing I was thinking is, Hey, maybe I just post a lot of shorts, and then that directs people to start looking at the channel. But what are like? You know, what do you usually tell creators?

Speaker  489253:20
Are you editing these? You said you're working with an editor.

Speaker  489973:20
You're gonna edit, edit it. So we have like, two hours of footage, and then I want to break it down to a 30 to 40 minute video. What? What's the video of? What's the two hours of footage? The first video is just like, why I'm starting a YouTube channel, so it's like, you sitting, talking about that sitting. We go on a walk, we go shopping a little bit, we come back here, we get it's like, kind of vlogging, but at the same time just talking about, what's the vision, okay? And the second one is, we filmed it on my birthday. It was 25 lessons I learned by age of 25 Yeah. And that one is very much sitting down. I mean, I'm sitting in four different places with like, little cuts of like eating and, you know, throwing a book or doing this, but it is a lot of sitting and talking. That's going to be another probably 40 minutes.

Speaker  502117:20
Yeah, I always think that unless someone is super, super passionate about doing long form YouTube, I would recommend you to start on short form. The reason behind that is because of the whole thing I talked about in the quick feedback loop. The best recommendation I can make. I saw someone put this in the in the chat is like, if you can commit to posting on a particular cadence, whether it be one a day or one a week for a prolonged period of time, and commit to that schedule, it's the best way to grow because your Yeah, your videos are going to suck. There's a lot that you don't know, and the you just got to keep doing it for a while, because you're going to learn something along the way every single time, the next best thing you can do is find a bunch of people who are a little bit further in the process than you are. So maybe they have 1000 subscribers, or 10,000 subscribers, so they're a little further than you are, and then get them to watch every single video that you put out and tell you what you could have done better, so that you also don't just make the same video 1000 times. Like, that's the point isn't to just, like, make the same video 1000 times. You're not going to get better. It's to make a video, ask people smarter than you what it could have done better, and then make another video and then ask smart people what it could have been better, how it could and just do that 1000 times. The other thing I would say, and this is, like, I know that you're not making your first video so that it like, quote, unquote works. But the number this is, like, maybe the number one mistake I see people make when they make content is they don't ask the question, Why does anybody care? Why does someone care that? Like, I'm just gonna pick on you Brandon for this particular instance. But like, the video of like, I'm starting content, here's my life. Like, people don't care. And I tell my wife this, my wife is starting up her life coaching business, and she's like, making content. And I'm like, listen this video about you telling someone that, like, this is a tip that you have for them on how to eat healthy. This person is on Instagram, scrolling, watching hilarious videos. Every time you see a funny video, I always tell her, like, this is what you're competing against this video. It's like this person jumping off this cliff into this water or this beautiful cinematic thing, like, that's the other video that that person is swiping to. So like, how do you get them to stay on your video where you're giving them dry information that feels like they're in a classroom setting. So I think every time you ask a question, is this hook going to grab someone? Should they care about this? They don't know who I am, they don't know what I do. Is this something that a stranger is going to be like, Wow, I can't not watch this. That's the question I think content needs to answer well in order for it to perform. And you'll figure that out over the 1000 at bats that you have on like, Whoa, that got people to care. Why did that get people to care? Yeah, maybe I'll give this because I gave this example of the video that performed well for me, which was like, Why did I leave my hometown? The only reason people cared about that video was because everybody has an opinion on whether or not you should leave your hometown. So all I get just got a bunch of people that were like, Yeah, everyone leave their hometown. I was so happy when I left Kansas City, and then other people were like, Screw you. It's just because you're from Toronto. I've lived in my hometown forever. It's just emotion that people had. It had nothing to do with the quality, you know, it had nothing to do is just I was able to resonate with something within people. So hopefully that helps.

Speaker  555658:40
Thank you so much. That's great.

Speaker  556170:40
Great. That video is relatable. That's another big word that comes up is relatability. Yeah. Paige, please. Hi.

Speaker  558794:39
Zach, thank you so much. Lovely to meet you. I have some questions. About growth content. So contacts I've created on my business channel, 250 videos. So I've definitely like, you know, have some reps. I'm creating a second channel, and I'm just, I'm I'm very aware, and I've done a lot of research and education on, like, how to best grow a channel. But I would just love, obviously, like, your thoughts, anything you've learned specifically from your own experience, are also from the bigger creators that you've worked with, and I'm aware of like the make content that's like for a person, until they know you would love you, then you're what you ate for lunch. They don't care so much.

Speaker  568933:20
Where are your 200 videos? What platform are they on YouTube? So they're all long form? Yep. And just quickly give me, like, a brief explanation on what the videos are about.

Speaker  572506:40
So new content or the old content. New Content is what I actually care about. Yeah, okay, home interiors, lifestyle, etiquette, Europe, travel.

Speaker  574954:40
And is there a particular video of yours that has done better than others in that

Speaker  576592:00
on the new channel, I've only posted six videos so far. I had like a 72 hours at like an interior design store, and like in the Cotswolds, at some famous locations that had 6000 views on it. Like brand new channel.

Speaker  579968:00
Are there creators that make content similar to yours, that are big, that you look you look for inspiration from, how much of your time do you put into your thumbnail and your first 60 seconds of your video thumbnail?

Speaker  584661:20
Yes, a lot for this new channel, specifically, like I spent, I think, a day making thumbnails for two different videos,

Speaker  586517:20
okay, and then the first 60 seconds of your video,

Speaker  587402:40
not putting as much effort into that, I would say, I know, I know the hook and everything, but whole 60 seconds, No, probably not so much. Yeah.

Speaker  589546:40
I mean, it's hard for me to give you like, like specific advice without seeing your videos. But I would say one of the other areas where people make a mistake or oversight is they, they don't. They make a video and they like, put a lot into video, and the video is good, and then they package the video poorly. This is for long form YouTube packaging basically means your thumbnail and title. There are a lot of most of the creators I work with will not film a video until they know what the packaging of it is, even when they brainstorm what the video is, they're brainstorming thumbnails and titles, and then they're turning around and going, Okay, now that I have that, what's the video going to be? Because if you can't get someone to click into your YouTube video, then no one's going to watch it. And you can have a really good video. We have literally not filmed videos because we couldn't think of titles and thumbnails, despite the video idea being really good, so I would say that. And then the next thing is, if your title and thumbnail is really good and you can get people to click into your video, does the first 60 seconds of that video make them feel like what they clicked for is going to be given to them? Yeah. And are they incentivized to stick around to the end of the video. That's like, if you can do that, your videos will perform. But that is really, really that's like, it makes it sound easy. That's really, really hard to do. And most creators I know from a time spent and focused, spent perspective, are putting literally 60 to 70, sometimes 80% time and effort into the first 60 seconds of their video. So it's like the disproportionate amount of attention goes into refining and filming and adding graphics and adding like cuts into the first 60 seconds of the video, and then everything else after that is like much less attention spent because they know if they don't watch, if they're not hooked by the first 60 seconds. They're not going to be hooked for the rest of the the duration of the video. So I would say that maybe that's a place to for you to start looking more into.

Speaker  621306:40
Thank you. Zach, could you give just a brief example of the difference of 60 seconds, right? Like, what? What's something that is really want? Well done. Produced it pull someone in, versus, like, what a 60 seconds could turn someone away. Yeah.

Speaker  625471:59
And also, like, for all of you doing long form YouTube, just if you go into your video and analytics, it'll usually show you what your drop off rate is at 30 seconds in. And like, if you know some videos, a lot of your videos might have 50% 40% 30% retention rate at the 32nd mark, that means most people click into your video, and within 30 seconds, they're not watching your video anymore. So like that gives you a lot of insight. The best thing that you can do is be very quick into telling someone that they've made the right decision by clicking into this video because and knowing probably why they did it, so I don't know. Let's say the video is called 30 lessons I learned in my 30s, right? Or, like, as a million dollar entrepreneur or millionaire entrepreneur, okay, someone's clicking into this because they think that I'm doing well for myself, and they want to know what 30 lessons I have now that I've turned 30, I need to within. Them clicking into that video, and let's say that thumbnail is like, me on a jet with my Rolex on or something. And they're like, whoa, credibility. Cool. I get it. This dude is credible. He's gonna teach me this stuff. Click into the video, and I'm like, welcome back to another episode of, like, my vlog. You know, I'm at my house right now, and we're like, it's like, gone. They're not gonna watch it. But if I'm like, the first shot is, I have traveled the entire world, you know, I've made millions of dollars and sitting on this jet. And today, in this video, I'm going to tell you guys the 30 things that I and again, I'm kind of like rook, you know, using the cheap thing of the money and the same as a as a hook. But they've clicked that video because they want someone rich to tell them their lessons. And if I start the video by showcasing that I'm rich because I'm I'm in a place that, like, gives credibility, and then I directly tell them, here's you, I am credible. It's not, it wasn't just a thumbnail. It wasn't just like an AI thing of me doing this, and then I'm in this video, going to tell you these things, and here's why it's going to matter for you and why it's also different. It's not a generic, right? So I'm kind of reinforcing that they didn't get click baited, and I'm very quickly kind of delivering that feedback to them. One of the one interesting thing is that whatever your thumbnail is, that frame that's interesting, the image that's interesting. Can you have that be the first shot in your video. So for example, the cheap example of me on the private jet, which is just a cop out, because it just works, because money works. If the video starts and I'm in a private jet and I go, you know, here I'm, you know, going to teach these things, people go like, whoa. I didn't. I clicked on this, and I was given the positive reinforcement that that actually was real, versus if I'm in a private jet, and then they click and I'm in my freaking bedroom, my guest room, with like, my fucking bed in the background, they're going to be like, Oh, what the fuck this dude lives in that ordinary home. So, so the that's like, not going to work, you know? I mean, and so these things all matter. It's psychologically in their mind going, do I want to listen to this dude's 30 tips for under 30. And why do I care about this dude who I've never heard of and what he has to say about these lessons? I need to show them or tell them, right? And if I don't want to tell them, because I don't want to brag about myself, that I need to show them, I need to be like, in the south of France on my balcony, and be like, I'm going to tell you about these 30 lessons. And I just want to also preface this as an entrepreneur that makes content about entrepreneurship. I fucking hate that. This is true. I don't like being braggy guy. I don't like telling people that I you know, that all these things that I've accomplished, I don't like being that person. So I have found that I have to try to find subtle ways to communicate credibility. Because I don't want to say how much money I've made. I don't want to say who I work with. So anyway, I will also say there are other ways to do it in a more subtle manner. But a lot of entrepreneurship founder content needs to establish credibility in order for someone to watch it, because no one wants to watch founder, entrepreneurship content from someone who sucks as an entrepreneur. Founder. So yeah, maybe that's also helpful for you all to know. It's great. Thank you for that

Speaker  689326:56
follow up, Katie, let's send it over to you. Next please.

Speaker  690446:56
Yeah, thanks, Doc. My curiosity is around existing business brand like, for example, on my Instagram, I have almost 50,000 followers on my business account. I've only got 4000 on my personal what I really, really want to do is post on my personal brand, because I feel the like freedom, where I can post about other things that aren't related to flower remedies, like real estate or crypto or whatever I'm interested in that moment. But what's your take on? You know, there's clearly, like, way more followers over here versus just like freedom and wild west of doing whatever I want to do on my personal brand to help generate something else.

Speaker  701146:40
Yeah, it's a tough decision. I would say one of the best things you could probably do is start to do collab posts between your business and yourself so that followers can move over. I will say, though, that any channel that you're operating will be hard to create following around if it is not clear what people are getting from that. So if one week they're following and they're getting crypto, and then another week they're following and they're getting health and wellness, you'll still have people care who know you, but it's really hard for someone who doesn't know you to follow this page and be like, I know what I'm going to get from Kat and I'm going to follow, it's going to just be kind of like, that's what drives unfollows. If that's okay with you, that's fine for maybe this is also helpful for you guys. Now, ever since I started putting content on my personal page, I have made the conscious decision that my personal page is no longer Zach Hanover the human being. It is Zach Hanover the Creator business manager, you know, creator economy guru, and I have a finsta that I follow all my friends on and my family, and I post when I go get ice cream with my wife that goes with my finsta. And I don't post that for my audience, because I don't I've made the conscious decision that this is not me anymore. This is a persona that I am creating on the internet that is going to be who I want to be in the world. And there are things that I don't want to show. Here because it doesn't reinforce the image that I'm trying to create online. But I've done that also because Katie and I think you're kind of seeing this is people don't want to follow businesses. People want to follow people. And so I when I first started my management company, eight years ago, I was making content on a management Instagram page, like just little stories and little posts, but no one cares. People want to follow the manager. I remember someone told me, like, everyone who wants to be a manager follows Scooter Braun. They don't follow the Scooter Braun management channel. And I was like, Oh yeah, that's true. So anyway, I think that that that's kind of how I've thought about it as well, and creating that line of separation.

Speaker  730789:20
So would you just think of your yourself as a brand and then come up with a theme for all want to post about so that there's like a like a package of what people can expect

Speaker  733354:40
to see exactly? Yeah, I think that's a good way to think about it. And the the person that you want to show up as, why people should follow you. Where does your credibility come from? And also you, I would have conversations at length with like, chat GPT around like, I want to be this person in my audience's life. What are the sorts of stories and parts of my life that I could share? Like, what are the themes that you think are relevant here? And just have that dialog with some I find chat GPT to be really good at creating this dialog and this back and forth, and that might give you better direction of like, oh yeah, I still can be a human. I still can't show like, for example, in my content. Now, on that page, I still share stuff with my me taking my mom on a road trip because I've I know that part of my brand is Zach Hanover. The entrepreneur is that I'm a purpose driven entrepreneur. I'm not just an entrepreneur. I'm a purpose driven entrepreneur. I build businesses with purpose and integrity in mind, and this relationship I have with my mom and how I care about her and I want to spend time with her, is actually a storyline within my videos that give people this connection to me as someone who's not just trying to make someone trying to make money. I'm not trying to slang $10,000 a month on Tiktok shops. So anyway, you can still pull your human life into it as well, if you're clear about what it is,

Speaker  754240:00
awesome. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.

Speaker  754799:59
Thanks for the question. Kat I Federico,

Speaker  755376:00
yeah, I thank you, and thanks for sharing everything you've shared thus far, I've got sort of three topics I want to cover. The first is revolving something you mentioned the beginning, which is confidence. I haven't really gotten behind posting, posting. I recently talked myself into posting once a week and on LinkedIn for my personal account, I deal with the question that you brought up at the beginning, which is like, why would anyone listen to me? Me in particular. I'm a 24 year old entrepreneur. Nobody listens to me. So how would you put that challenge in front of yourself? I'll get ahead with the second question, which is, how would you define early stage success? Is it engagement? Is it amount of content? Is it some other metric? And then last but not least, what's the type of content that you would recommend posting? I know we've been talking about short videos, but I've been only able to muster the confidence for like text and blog posts and stuff along those lines. Is that good enough? Am I wasting my time? Should I find that second layer of confidence and start uploading videos? But how would you tackle this really early stage that I'm in,

Speaker  773605:20
dude, three, back to back to back, phenomenal questions. And I'm so glad that you asked this. So this is such a good point. I'm so glad someone brought this up, because I think it's really important if you do not have authority and credibility on a space that you want to make content about, the best thing that you could do is make content about people who have credibility and authority or and go do research for your audience. There's this framework that I'm blanking on right now, but it's like, you can be a almost like a journalist in the space. So if you're 24 years old and you haven't built a successful business yet, you don't need to go make content being like, here's how to scale your business from you could say, here's the story of Andrew Wilkinson, one of the most famous Canadian entrepreneurs in the world, and how he turned one startup into $10 billion through this one growth hack. And you're like now you can go do research on these interesting people and curate their stories and tell that to the internet. And you don't need to have the credibility, because what you're actually doing is you're learning. And I would, I find this all the time. I've actually realized I don't make these videos anymore, because then I have to compete with people like you, Frederico, who can do it much better than me. I realized like, I have to make videos that only I can tell, only I can tell what it's like to or one, I'm one of the only people that can tell the story of what it's like to manage a creator for eight years. And what the behind the scenes of a creator business is anyone can go make the video about how Warren Buffett became the richest man on earth, right? Like so, but so I've realized that I there's a lot of people doing that, and I think you should play in that. World, the confidence thing very real. I don't think it's bad for you to start on written because the same principles of how to hook attention translate. They're just in written form. And then also, your writing is going to be a crucial part of your how good your videos are, because the script of whatever you say in a video is always really, really important. So I don't think it's bad for you to start with writing. I do think it's smart for you to expand into video, though, because writing is just not the medium that people consume content on these days, and there's also because of AI, just a ton of volume and saturation in the like LinkedIn written post space still very possible. Some people still prefer to read newsletters and LinkedIn posts, but I think video is really, really important. There was a third question in there, Federico, can you remind me what it was?

Speaker  813866:40
Yeah, defining early stage success, quantity of content, however you would define it, really originality.

Speaker  816394:40
Here's my, here's like my, my cheesy fucking answer, and then I'll tell you a real one, my cheesy answer. I always try to tell creators. I try to do this myself. Before I press publish on a video, I ask myself, do I think this video is good? Am I proud with what I made? And if the answer is yes, then it should be a win. You know, before you press publish, if you like, kind of don't think it's good. You kind of feel like it's not strong. And you'll know, like, if you're proud of it. The funniest thing is that some of my best performing videos are videos that I was like, and I don't think this video is good, and I put it online. And then I literally had one the other day. I was like, I almost didn't post it because I thought it was shit. And it's performed really, really well. And then I go, why did it perform really well? And then I try to, like, rationalize it in my mind, and then vice versa. There are videos where I go, this is really good. I'm proud of this video, and it flops. So it has helped me a little bit just know which ones are which, because if you don't have that conversation with yourself before you press publish, your complete validation comes from these other external metrics. The only metrics you should care about are, how many videos are you posting in a period of time, and are you proud of them? Do you think they're good? Do you think they're the best that you could have made them in the period that you worked on them? If you could just do those two things, they will become good. So yeah, that will also help you disassociate from how they perform. There are also videos in my page that I keep, like on my main profile grid completely flopped, but I think that they have meaning. There's a they're still a thing that I go, I'm still proud of that. I'm still proud I said something I want to say. So yeah, and there's videos. I go, like, Ah, shit, that video, I thought it was ass, and it performed really well. And that's okay. I know why it's like algorithms work the way they work.

Speaker  846906:40
Got you thanks a lot for the answer. Essentially, what I got out of this is create content, judge it yourself and prepare to be wrong. Yeah, thank you a lot.

Speaker  849087:59
Though, process is greater than result, especially those early stages. As a content creator. We got three minutes left. We'll swing it quickly to barn. If we have time, brand, I'll come back to you, since you had a chance to ask barn, go ahead.

Speaker  852240:00
Yeah, thanks. So we'd love to hear some more on your experience managing creators and advice there. I thought we might spend spend a bit of time there, and also, if those creators are on all platforms, think that I'm most interested in Tiktok right now, advice, and also any if you have availability, if you're you know, continuing to take clients, what that looks like, anything you want to share?

Speaker  862474:40
Yeah, the creators that I work with are predominantly YouTube creators. They make content on every platform, but their largest channels are YouTube. So like Eric has 16 million on YouTube, and yes, theory has 9 million on YouTube, and predominantly long form YouTube content creators. I have only ever managed in my life up to three to five creators at a time, and honestly, the bulk of my entire career has gone to those two creators. I have never believed in creator management as a business, I don't think creators should have managers. I don't think agencies and managers that rep 50 creators at a time under one person are doing a good job. The level of intimacy that I have with the creators that I work with is really strong, and I that just does not scale. So this business, my management business, has been a very conscious decision for me, that this is almost not even a business. I always tell people like, it feels like I'm running a family office or a multi family office, where I'm just doing everything for these creators. And that model has worked really well for me, but I've had the luxury of being able to do that because my creators are massive, and there's, you know, they're running big businesses, if they were Tiktok creators. With 100,000 followers, I wouldn't have food on the table. So and also, long form YouTube makes a lot more money than short form Tiktok. So that's kind of where I've I've had the luxury of having that a lot of people who want to get into management and stuff like, they can't start there, or they struggle to start there. I will say the other thing that I've taken my entire career. Bet on recently is that creators are not going to have managers, that people are going to wake up, that they probably shouldn't give UTA or CAA or WME 10% of everything they touch for lukewarm agency services. I think that the agency world and the creator management world treats creators like talent and represents creators like talent. And I think the better thing to do is treat creators like small businesses. And so the businesses that I'm creating today, like the merch company, the bookkeeping business, and some of these other ones that I'm starting up, and if you follow along and follow my journey, I'll continue to start up, are all providing services, very specific value offerings to creators as if they were small businesses. Small businesses hire agencies all the time. They hire web development agencies, accounting agencies, business development agencies, but they're very transactional relationships. You use the agency when you want to, and then you don't use them when you don't want to. And I think that that's transactional in a good way, versus agency relationships and representation, where creators are represented, and then kind of predatory contract terms, it's really hard to walk away. They say they do everything for you. They manage you 360 and I don't think that will exist for FAR, much longer, or it's kind of like the old way of doing things. So that's the way that I'm approaching creator, quote, unquote management that I think is very different than anyone

Speaker  906981:20
else got it about the brand side, though, is really interesting too. Are there any agencies that, yeah, let's say you have a physical product, and you're looking for creators and you're looking to have someone manage them, whether YouTube or tic tac. Thoughts, there any recommendations?

Speaker  912496:00
Yeah, by the way, I do want to respect Zach's time. We have until the hour, so go ahead, we'll wrap up after the Zach.

Speaker  914384:00
Yeah, no worries. I can probably take one more. I'm happy to go over in terms of getting, I mean, I My recommendation to creators when they're looking to get managers is to try to find someone from their audience or someone that they know who is smart and scrappy and entrepreneurial, who is willing to help them broker and organize brand partnerships for a percentage of those brand partnerships, and to not go get a manager at a traditional management company, it is far better to have someone that cares about you and has business acumen to manage your things than to go to a big agency, because you'll get all their time and attention. And most creators with brand partnerships, in my opinion, should only be doing brand partnerships when brands are hitting their inbox. And so if brands are hitting your inbox, just get someone to, like, negotiate them, try to get better rates and organize and fulfill those campaigns. Rarely do I see a lot of success come from, like a lot of creators think that they need to go get managers because brands aren't hitting them up. So they think a manager is going to be able to bring brands to the table. Very rarely does that really happen. What you're end up going to end up in a situation of, is you just sign a management contract. Is contract. It's very hard to get out of. And the brands that those, most of the brands that that management company are even going to bring to you, they might bring you a few up front, just to show you value, and then the rest of them are going to be, you have to drive them into your inbox, and then they will negotiate them and execute them. That's kind of, I hope that answers your question, but that's kind of what I see with a lot of what I see with a lot of like brand creator, manager, relationships,

Speaker  941114:40
question bar and real quick, Brandon hit him. He said, one more. So we're going to take

Speaker  942858:40
it all right. Thank you. Thank you. It's funny. You were just talking about that, so I'll keep the question quick, but I'll give you a little context. So, so basically, my question so, you know, I also run an agency where we work with YouTubers for their sponsorships, and we have some, like, absolute, like, amazing channels that we work with and but we mostly focus on mid sized channels, so between like, 200k to 500k views per video. And then, similar to what you were saying before, we have, really, we have a bunch of creators, almost 100 but we only do sponsorships, and most of it is not inbounds, where we're actually pushing deals to them. My question for you is, when it comes to creating a product with these creators, we have a lot of you know, we've talked to like, Hey, do you want to you want to you want to start some sort of business? Do you want to create a product? And not, like, not only rely on sponsors revenue, but we can start something together? Personally, I think that doing it as one Creator individually would be they're too small to, like, really drive enough for a product. I'm thinking, for instance, we work with almost 25 automotive creators. Say, Okay, if we get five of them together, who each average 500k of us a week, and that's 2 million right there. What is normally your process of coming up with the idea for what the product is? Is it like, for instance, with Eric and the pizza buy, right? Was it like he's coming to you like, Oh, you. Everyone loves pizza. Let's go make this right now. Or is it like you were kind of thinking about it, and that that was the idea that landed, or even with like creator. Now, what would what is the ideation process behind it? That's part one. And part two is, do you think, because most creative products, I feel like they have one massive creator that pushes it big time? Do you think there's an opportunity to get 510, 15 creators with like, small equity agreements and then facing like that.

Speaker  971898:40
Yeah, great question. Really quick on the context of how I how we landed on some of the business ideas often time. I mean, there's probably a better way we could have done pizza phi, which is a sauce that makes anything taste like pizza that we did with one of our creators named Eric, that came from me sitting with Eric and going with Eric and going, what do you want to start a business around? And he's like, I don't know. And I was like, Well, what do you care about? And he goes, I care about making videos on the internet, and I like pizza. And I was like, Is that the only thing you care about? And he's like, that's the only thing I care about. Oh, sorry, my camera. And so we go, okay. I went, Okay, what if we started an education platform to teach other people how to make videos on the internet? And like, that was creator now, so that was like, Okay, you care so much about making videos. You're obsessed with making videos. Let's educate other people to make videos. And then the pizza was like, Okay, if let's make a brand. What do you sell? Do we like start dominoes? And then we're like, we can't, probably start dominoes. Why don't we build a brand that makes it cool to be a pizza fanatic. And maybe that turns into pizza restaurants. Maybe that turns into pizza like, cool pizza cutters or cool pizza utensils, whatever. And then the idea kind of came around of like, what if there was a sauce that can make anything taste like pizza? And the the name pizza five is just like, such a catchy name. And that concept got people to be like, That's fucking hilarious. So then we were like, oh, let's just go make this. So that business, by the way, was just supposed to be a gag. It was supposed to be like a, let's do this one drop, and then let's move on. But people kept buying it, so we were just like, let's leave it up on a site. But I also wouldn't call it like, that's not like a multi million dollar business. It's just like a cool business that we launched the ideation process, though, and I think what you're asking is smart, is I would tell most founders to not rely on one Creator, co founder. The other thing is, if you go to a creator and you say, hey, I want to build a business for you, what are some of ideas that you have and then that you do that ideation process with them, when it comes down to negotiating the equity for that business, they have all the leverage, because it literally came in a conversation with them, probably what they care about and what they want to do. I think the smarter thing for founders to do, if you want to start a business with a creator, and there is no business yet, is to look within me. So you brought up automotive. So let's think about automotive. I would look at the automotive space and go, What is a good business that should exist in the automotive space that a creator could drive traffic towards, right? So, like, you can think of whatever, obviously the answer is not going to be a car, but it's going to be like a, I don't know, like a Doug demero did, like a car rater platform thing, or, like a Chrome extension type thing. So it's like, okay, people can do that. There's like, an app that people can do. You come up with the idea, and then I would build a deck with, like a prototype. So take it from like zero to, you know, like lukewarm prototype with a deck and a name and a brand name, and then have conversations with those creators where you go, Hey, we're going to do this. We're going to do this with or without you. I'm taking this to like a lineup of 50 creators who look just like you. And what we're looking for like creators to come on board, to be an active part in this there's a lot of ways that you can then figure out the equity and upside for that creator. Some of the ideas that come to mind are have equity vest for them based on promotional requirements as well as time. So hey, creator, you can get up to, I'm just making up numbers here, but you can get up to 5% equity in this company or 10% equity in this company, but you need to drive need to drive either this amount of impressions, or I need to see these amount of posts from you over the next four years. There's a portion of your equity there, and the other portion of your equity can come from, you know, you being involved over the next, like four years, or maybe even milestones around the success of the business at large. So like when we hit a million dollars in annual revenue, you're going to invest 2% when we hit 5 million in annual revenue, you're going revenue, you're gonna invest another 2% so now you're incentivizing them to try to get the business as big as it can be. And then I would take that to, you know, 510, creators, and let them know that they're also not going to be the only firepower. I will maybe finish by saying this is creators don't want to be the only last line of defense on making a business successful or not. So most creators nowadays are very, very happy to split the responsibilities with a group of other creators.

Speaker  1037434:40
That's actually a really good point. So I guess, well, thank you for both those. But I guess on that last point, it's like, okay, let's say there's a 10% equity pool and each creator gets 1% risk. A simple math. It's like, if I don't, if I forget my posting. And this, we've got nine other people to post. Yeah, that's going to motivate me to post too, because now I know the business that own I own some of it's going to be worth more than nine other people that are also pushing it

Speaker  1043648:00
exactly. Great. Zach, in closing, appreciate the time. Where can people stay connected to you. Fall on your journey, plug yourself up please.

Speaker  1046581:20
On LinkedIn and Instagram is where I say most active. I'm just Zach hanivar, and I will try to stick around founder community and maybe be at certain events, and try to be engaged with you all in the future as well, and hopefully do more of these down the road. But appreciate you all being interested in asking such thoughtful questions.

Speaker  1051562:40
Yeah,

Speaker  1051770:40
Zach, seriously. Thank you so much for the time. And everyone here. Keep your eyes peeled. You're gonna be seeing Zach inside founders club community very shortly. So thank you for the time. Everyone. Have a great rest of your day. Replay will be up sometime tomorrow.

Speaker  1055082:40
Thanks, Bobby. You got it. Thanks, guys.
