Călin Domuța
Date: April 22, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
So a bit about me. Colin is my name. I know it's harder to pronounce for for some I'm from Romania. I've actually started my first, my first brand in 2014 and exited in back in 2021 and then I started a new one in 2022 my team, it's made of three people, which is me, my wife, and super employee that's with us since 2017 we started this new brand together, and I kind of like my team. It's a small team. Everyone knows what I'm doing. What is doing? I'm not really good with people like some other of you here, and this works really well for me, because it's very manageable. Why big and expensive? Well, as I said, I exited the first brand, started this new one two years ago, and the first goal was always to get to eight figures, so 10 millions a year to do that in a small team. We couldn't do it with small products, like many small SKUs, because otherwise we will have to grow the team. So we focused on bigger, more expensive items. We find them to busier to scale if you have enough volume, because that's the trick. Some don't really have enough volume, and we think there's more space in the market in terms that they might there might be less competition as a higher purchase cost. It's another barrier to entry, so many people avoid it. Like just to give you an example to launch a product that I showed you in the next slide, we probably spend about 15k just for the first batch of 400 units just to test the market. So this is a barrier to entry for others while we had the cash to invest. So what we like about these products, they require the same amount of time to work on improving the product as with any other product. So we kind of spent six months on development and with samples back and forth, is done in the same with the same amount of people. So that's something that I like. Decent sales could be great revenue for one product. As I said, they're being avoided by other sellers, and they are easier to launch. And I'll show you this in in another slide, to mention some of the negative. They are cash intensive, as I said, especially in the growth growth phase. So if like a product sells well, then you need more inventory for like to keep up with the demand that's that requires some cash, and then on lower MOQ, the less profitable. And in the product I'll share next, the first inventory, I think we shipped it in Amazon with around $33 per unit in shipping cost, while we now bring it with $13 so that it's a lot of our margin just at the beginning, until we scale to full production. A case study I'll show you this. This is the last product that we have launched. We've launched it in September last year. First batch was 400 units, 200 units of each color. We sold this out in about two months, and we were out of stock for Christmas. Unfortunately, since we're back in stock, which is probably middle of December or close to end of December, close to Christmas, we are selling about eight to 10 units a day. And our cap, it's about 20 to 25 units a day. And if we reach that, maybe you can sell a bit more. But I think we can reach 20 to five units a day. If we reach that, this product will bring over 2 million in revenue. So this is what we're looking for. We will only need, like this kind of five of these kind of products to go to our goal of eight figures,

Speaker  66512:00
the way we launch these products, and we do the same for all the all our other products which are more expensive. So we don't do any giveaways, we don't do any Add to Cart, we don't bring any external traffic. I don't even know how to do that. We just have a good value proposition, as you see in the right here. These are my numbers, and the break even price is almost $100 less than the selling price, which it's 30% if you tell a customer 30% maybe don't understand much, but if it's $100 that's a big amount. So we have actually launched it at 149 which was less than break even, and it was a good deal from the start. And then we spent about $50 in PPC, mostly in automatic campaigns. We. Don't spend, spend that much, and this has actually bring us, brought us five to seven sales a day, which was great. But anything more than five sales a day would have actually leave us out of stock, because we only had 400 units, and the production lead time is about two months, plus one month and a half on the sea. So it's a long time. We committed only 30 units to actually only the maximum amount of units to vine. What we have noticed also with this product and other products that we launched, if we launch at a break even price, the vine reviews are better. It's just a better value, even if the product is not perfect, they might say it in a review, but you still get the high star rating. And then organic reviews come in way more like the sale to review ratio at that price is very high, and we're seeing it with this product. Now that we are at full price, reviews coming really slow, while at the beginning, we still got a lot of organic reviews, so we're actually helping the whole launch process by having this lower price, and it's less risky. And then as reviews slowly come in, and we see the sales increase, then we slowly raise the price by about $10 a week, usually, but that depends on the reviews coming in. If we would get negative reviews, then we will just keep this price and try to sell it off with a bit of loss. But it wasn't the case here. We were actually profitable in the first batch of 400 units, which is it's great for, for for a new product, 73 cents cost per click, anyone. It's crazy how an expensive product has the same cost per click like other products, and I know products that sell at 10, $20 that have three, $4 cost per click. Of course, they're in way more competitive niches, but still, it's a really low cost per click. If you look at the conversion, and I've wrote it down in red in the right conversion is way lower, but that's also because of the price point. But the bottom line is that we're still making profit. The data that I'm sharing right now here, it's only in the first two weeks of January, as we were out of stock for Christmas. I've tried to show some data that was relevant so it's not a big enough pool of data, but still, we have around 20, 21% profit margin, no, sorry, 21% ACOs, which still gives us around 10% profit margin for a product that we're basically re ranking as we lost some of the ranks in that time, in that Christmas time. Yeah, so what you're seeing over there, the first three are automatic campaigns. I don't know what's the difference between them right now, and then some other campaigns, but mainly the automatic campaigns. We're using that for keyword mining right now, and it's actually bringing us a bit cheaper cost per click compared to the exact campaigns, because right now we don't know where we belong, so it's more exploratory, yeah, but we are slowly moving to exact match QR campaigns, and then we negate them in automatic as they ramp up. I so this is an x ray on our niche, on our Kat. When do I manufacture the product? Sorry, what do you purchase this product? This product is made in

Speaker  138229:20
Vietnam. Have

Speaker  138597:20
you tried sourcing from like US and Mexico to see if you say before? Yeah,

Speaker  139994:40
we have. We have worked with signify, which MDS has promoted. They did a shitty job.

Speaker  142266:40
Don't work with them if you can. A

Speaker  143354:40
few weeks. Yeah, I met them. I met them at another event in Santorini, at the top dogs event, they were all over how good they are. I paid them for sourcing all over the world. So for the top service, they searched for this product in Mexico, India, Indonesia, everywhere, and the best price they came back with was $95 purchase cost, while we're now paying $60 for it. So it's a huge gap. It's not

Speaker  152917:20
signify. Yeah, I've

Speaker  153221:20
heard bad things of signify as well. We used it as well for different you. Experience.

Speaker  155578:40
Yeah, on the record, run away shipping of $13

Speaker  157546:40
yes, right now, because now we, uh, let me go back to that. So this, this is a full container, which is so it's a 40. HQ container, we can fill in about 800 units in that container. From Vietnam. You have to ship full containers. From China, we can actually ship in, like, just parts of the container. But from Vietnam, you have to ship in full containers. The container is quite cheap. I think it was 5k and then we are defending in us, and then we're splitting from from there in I think we're sending in three warehouses. So the Chinese factor that opening Vietnam in order to avoid tariff, pure Vietnam, I think it's pure, pure Vietnam base. I don't need the Chinese and I'll be visiting them next month. You

Speaker  168805:20
can also shoot LCL from Vietnam. We do it all the time, yeah. So

Speaker  170037:20
the prices we got for LCL was quite high, and our freight forwarder recommended that we ship a full container and then we split in the US. But, yeah, we can talk about it. It was cheaper to ship a full container from Vietnam and then split in the US than shipping three containers, open the container and have shipped the whole container in three location. So split the container in three different different locations, exactly. Oh yeah, we do FBA for this product. All right. Back to a yes, the BA, yeah. We tried FBM with another product. FBA was still cheaper, and now that they change the series, sorry, it's very big. Yeah, yeah, we're paying, I think those 50 bucks per order pick and pack is 5551 and we cannot shrink the package even further, so we're gonna stick with this pick and pack. But we've tried when like best. At the end of last year, when Amazon forced us to ship in five locations, we went back to our three pls and tried to get some quotes. Well, we work with two, three PLS, one in California, one in New Jersey, just to cover each half of us. It was still more expensive to do that than FBA, FBA just due to shipping cost. And then three, pls have a receiving fee, which Amazon doesn't have, but shipping cost was the biggest, biggest part of it. Do you ship all of these directly to Amazon or directly to Amazon? Yes, so you don't have three PL No, I don't need one through a WD or directly to the up until last year, at least, iwd, wasn't dealing with oversized items. I don't know if they do now. Now they do, yes. What's your experience with the returns and effect on Yeah. So I can talk about this product specifically, because we haven't sold that many units. But with other products that we have, I think we have about a 2% return rate. It's higher with FBA than it was with FBM. Some people just miss a part or a screw or things like that. If they reach out to us, of course, we ship that for free. I think it's still lower than, like my former brand had smaller, lighter items, the return rate, I think was way, way higher over there. I think it was three or 4% return rate in FBA, in the former brand, than I that I had, compared to this one with these products, especially like you open up such a big package, you probably break it. You don't want to pack it back. It's way likelier that the customer will reach out to us for a replacement part. And we do have, like, our email and phone number everywhere, packaging, instruction manual, even on the product itself, because we need a special label for all git products. Need a special label on the product, so we have that over there as well, against terms of No, no, actually, you're legally bound to do that.

Speaker  221082:40
Well, I think with these products, is also because they need to mount, you know. So you put a table, you don't want to put or a pet, massive pet like that. You put probably an hour and a half or something to put it together, right? Yeah, you don't want to spend the one hour and a half to send it back. In our case, we have very expensive produce. Some of them, we have way higher returns for expensive products because it's easy also for them to return. You know, we are over 10% returns. They're expensive,

Speaker  228272:00
but not big. Yeah, yes,

Speaker  229136:00
big, but not annoying to an assemble. Maybe we need to make a hardcore

Speaker  231205:20
the most returns we actually the most refunds we have for this product is that it wasn't delivered on time. So this is a problem that we have for a month now, or since we we're back in stock. But I don't know if it's going to be a problem for the future. Anyways, I would say like for this product right now, the return rate is clearly under 2% probably 1% but we don't have enough data to tell you for sure. So I was saying this niche is not dominated by third party sellers like us, Amazon. It's dominant. It, and it is dominating it at a really lower price. So 149 to 169 for most of the items right now, they actually have good reviews. Back when I launched, they were most at four stars, because Amazon what, I'm not sure, but what I'm seeing, and what I think it's happening is that Amazon is seeing a gap in this niche, and they're trying to fill it up with their products, or they have vendors they work with. And as that products were getting negative reviews, I've seen some products with four stars disappearing and then being replaced by others. Amazon is trying to sell at this price range where the products they're not that great, like at this price range, I'm sure supplier cannot make it as good. We are way above them, but our quality is way better. And I think our product is one of the few ones on the market that can stand we stand on an adult like the others are really, like, weaker, like, not as strong. That's one of our unique selling points in this niche. And this is, like, these rankings are the green one my product, it's for a product that was out of stock, November, December. I think you can still sell more. I would like to get the second position over there, which is a product a bit more expensive and at four stars. That's why this product sold 600 units in in the past 30 days. That's why I'm saying that. I think this is my cap. 600 units a month would be my cap is French

Speaker  266133:20
belly May is it? Is it like a Chinese seller.

Speaker  267306:40
So I think so. I think Amazon is buying from them, and they've launched multiple products from them. It's, it's an Amazon fulfilled product, Amazon sold product. I think that Chinese, right,

Speaker  272138:40
or Vietnamese, usually

Speaker  273344:00
the easiest to hear, by doing testifying, testifying by and reporting the leaflets, because it's usually very not

Speaker  275679:59
compliant. All right, that's not something that I'm doing, but they're doing actually a good job with the images they all have, ly renders, ly renderings on all their images. We have real images,

Speaker  279317:20
but they're really cheap, really, really cheap.

Speaker  280757:20
So how are you conveying that you're a high quality product? If that's your value proposition,

Speaker  282277:19
I'm showing that in images like, yeah. Why

Speaker  282917:20
would customer pay more for your product. How are you communicating that I don't know, the least

Speaker  285210:39
integrated so like,

Speaker  286698:39
right now I have good reviews which still don't have any negative reviews. Yeah,

Speaker  288831:59
you can get one five star review, and I'm purchasing

Speaker  290287:59
so we're trying to show you images of the product itself, without a mattress and anything. We have 18 slots. It's way stronger, more most of the products have eight slats that supports the mattress. I don't know. It's just a stronger build thicker wood. I think the customers see that in images. I'm not sure if I'm doing the best work with the images, but we're quite happy with the results, and conversion even being low for an expensive product, I think we're still converting

Speaker  298821:19
well, safety for my kids. I don't, I don't want the cheapest thing. You know, it's

Speaker  299738:40
okay. That's another thing. And one thing that was actually popped up in reviews was that customers, this is actually the only pet that can support the adult as well. And it's a thing like the if you have a kid, normally, this product would be used by when the kid starts to walk, crawl, so you can go in, like one year, one to two years. Usually, kids don't sleep alone in the bed. You have to go and stay with them until they sleep, and then you get out. So this was the idea, since we work on this product, so like, we want the adult to be able to stay with the kid in bed. And most of the other beds that are at 150 they won't support the adult. It will break most likely, thanks,

Speaker  310533:20
against the competitors that are one $100

Speaker  311637:20
lower. Have you considered this? I'm considering for my products as well having a comparison visual that is not comparing the features, that is comparing the price. Why is it important to pay 250 for a bed instead of 150 that's

Speaker  315194:40
actually a really good idea, comparing the price architecture, saying that the

Speaker  316154:39
Amazon fees are pretty much the same, the marketing and advertising fees are pretty much the same. Then you can you can blurry the numbers. You don't need to say my cogs are $60 but you can say it's like 40% of the price is. Is the cog and that's this big, whereas the other ones is this big. So of course, the quality is better because my cogs, my production costs, are better. Yeah, that's a good

Speaker  323279:59
idea. So like, I'm not afraid to compete with Amazon. As you see, the cost per click is quite low, and I think that's because Amazon is not actually advertising on their own platform. They're only doing email marketing and so on, which is helping me. And then I think I'm going to launch more products here, just because they're not that many third party sellers. And even on this product, I have more sizes and more colors already on the way. So with that, I think we could go to above 500 units a month, which would be great, if we reach that, that's a 2 million a year product, and it's gonna be my second product as big takeaways, or my takeaways, I'd all like, I'd rather sell 20 units at $300 than 300 units at $200 I just think it's less work. It's being done in this thing that I already have and control, and it's something that fits my style product development with my other brand as well. I needed maybe six months to just develop a product before I launch it. Because I do one version, I get a sample. I don't like something, I improve something, I get another sample. It just takes me six months at least, to finish a design and then to go on with production. Is the same here. It's just for a bigger ticket item. It reduces the complexity of inventory management for the same revenue just because we have less SKUs, even thought, We do ship full containers, but having less queues, it's easier to both forecast and then to do the whole inventory management part. It's less competition, usually, like what I'm seeing here, especially Amazon, it is a competitor, but it's not the same as competing with other third party sellers like us, like that. Know what they're doing that are going to spend on PPC, which is going to start the PPC bidding war. And yeah, less diversity on the market, just because we don't have that much Chinese competition, usually. And then yeah, more opportunities to have different designs or different colors or just differentiating in some way.

Speaker  360229:19
Yeah, I think that's it. You.
