22. FC Chats_ Perfecting Media Buying in 2024
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Country they do hex glad, 100 million dollar, $200 million brands that spend more in one day than most of us do an entire year. And Jay is kind of captaining the ship over there. A lot of the good stuff he did for us was just like, really thinking about profitability. And there's a lot of times, even yesterday, I was talking to my founding team across net, like, do we increase spend? Do we not increase spend? What have our goal like? Are we trying to hit top line goals or net profit goals? When is it most important to juice it? When's it time to tone it back? Or should I be spending? Jay is so damn good at it. We even went on my brother's bachelor party and for 20 minutes we kind of just like, sat down. He's like, yo. Shut this ad off. You just pissed away $1,000 and what do you know? A week later, we saved 10,000 bucks. It was just like, thank you. So wanted to get him in the call probably an hour. Want to keep it very conversationally, like I said, I'm sick, so I'm gonna let Jay do a lot of the talking, but I'll kick it off to him. Want to have, like, talk about best practices, things you guys should be implementing, things that you shouldn't be doing. So, yeah, Joel, thanks. Take it away

Speaker  17216:00
for sure. Appreciate introduction. Excited to speak to a lot of the founders club group. So I will share a little bit more on how I tend to approach things. As you said, you know, I definitely take a more financial approach. My form of education is in finance. And now, more than ever, that's the importance of things in the past. You know, everyone was just grow top line. Who cares? I got VC money. I'm going to raise, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. That's free nowadays. You know, everyone's, for the most part, I would say, in this room, very first order, profitable. Or, you know, kind of Bootstrap, trying to really do things without raising side capital. So you need to be extra dialed with these things. And that's, that's honestly where I start. So I'll even walk, I'm going to walk you guys through the process that I do with any brand that I speak to. The first steps are understanding unit economics. It starts with the basics, right? You know, it's very, very, very simple, but that's kind of where it starts, where you need to understand, okay, if my cogs, my percentage of, you know, cogs cost to fulfill all of that, you know, our gross profit margins, this amount, then you have to figure out if I'm spending $100,000 if every order, I get $50 back. Cool, you got $50 back. But now you have to factor in your customer acquisition cost, and then also your operating expenses, so that it's obviously going to be your salary, that's going to be software cost, that's going to be every little bit that it takes to keep the lights on, keep things moving. So the biggest thing that I try to do is create a break even analysis from there. So it's important for every single business owner to understand, if I have 40k a month in operating expenses to reach break even, I need to generate what's called $40,000 of contribution margin. That's essentially another word for just what's that gross profit amount in dollars, after you deduct your cost of fulfillment from revenue. The reason why is that's kind of it's a variable expense. You know your cost of fulfillment every single order, this is the cost of it. Your operating expenses are typically they're mostly flat, right? It could fluctuate during seasonality, but you you understand what you need to cover once you kind of like, get that basic framework. Chris, we did a ton of this at crossnet, because it's so damn seasonal, we would have to adjust these numbers, kind of like every month really. So there's scenarios where you'll make more money, kind of going after volume and lower efficiency. And then there's also times where it's like, Hey, I actually need to pull back the amount of volume that we're pushing right now and increase our efficiency. So a lot of times, when we're talking efficiency, you know, the simplest way to think of it is row as so are we going to make more money spending 50k at a three row as, or are we going to make more money at spending 100k at two row as? That's like the simplest way to kind of explain it, and that's what I challenge everyone to start off doing. We could go we could go deeper into how to actually build it. After this, I could even send a template to make it easier for you all to kind of work through, but from there, you really start being able to back into the numbers you need to hit right. So before we're touching any ad accounts, before we're talking any strategy, you need to understand what your business needs to survive and grow

Speaker  73813:20
before Absolutely guys, I want to make this conversation. So if you do have a question, just interrupt. Joel, please. Interrupt Joel, please. But when thinking about juicing like top line revenue versus worrying about profit for the business, when do you suggest brands to like juice profits on the top line compared to just taking home the net profit?

Speaker  79834:40
So when should. Be more aggressive, correct? Yeah. So usually you should scale when you're exceeding your your targets, right? So let's say we identify, hey, I'm at a healthy spot if I spend 50k this month and my customer acquisition cost and my row as is x, right, if you're hitting your targets, that's when you should be scaling and pushing as aggressively as you can. And then I'm a big believer of kind of playing the cards that you're dealt, right. And seasonality is that we've, we've seen that where it's like, okay, q4 for a lot of brands, it's easy to generate revenue for crossnet. Very easy to generate revenue in the spring and summer. That's when people are going to go use it try to get $1 out of someone to buy a cross net in the middle of winter. Not happening, right? So if you were, if you're overspending, your CAC is going to be breaking. You're going to be spending more than is profitable for your business. That's the guard rail that I recommend every single business owner create for their teams. If you're, if you don't have these guard rails, that's how you very quickly start overspending. You think you're doing well, and then you get your P and L back. Unfortunately, your bookkeeper takes 30 days. And congrats, you lost. You lost yourself easily, five figures in profit, just overspending, not knowing your numbers. So to juice it, it's it's again, it's going to be based on what the market gives. It's those times that are good for you, be aggressive then, but the times that it's down, do not chase like do not chase when it's difficult. That's when you need to go low and slow high efficiency. So that's like the easiest way that I would I would just, I would, I would say, to follow that approach.

Speaker  105845:19
And they should be tracking contribution margin daily based off of what they need to make for the month. So for easy math, if we need to hit $30,000 of contribution margin, and if we're doing over $1,000 a day in contribution margin, and we're a few days into the month, we're feeling good, okay, let's scale it up. But if we're not hitting that 1000, and we're at 500 Oh shit, we're going to be negative. We may need to pull back correct,

Speaker  112944:00
pretty much, pretty much. And that that even sparked an idea that I utilize a lot of times with with brands. So definitely not affiliated in any way, but triple will does a great job on their dashboard. I'm sure a lot of us are familiar with it. The easiest way that I tell brands is doing exactly what Chris said. It does it automatically for you. So if you insert, if you insert your cogs appropriately, the unit economics that I was talking about, it will track your Kat, your ad spend, so you've got that in there, and then you could go into custom expenses and add in your your average operating expense for that month. So what that happens is, like, I've worked with the brand very recently, their cogs were about 40, 50k a month. They entered it into a custom expense and trip oil, and it automatically applies it to every single day of that month, right? So like Chris said, You're automatic. It automatically creates that daily sheet for you of okay, well today you drove 2000 and contribution margin dollars. We know it already applies $1,000 or whatever the number is for OPEX per day. Cool, you're making money that day, like you're in a good spot. And what's important, why this is really important, is if your net profit, that's what triple will calls it. So in triple will show as net profit. It's really contribution margin. If that is moving directionally positive, that is exactly what you want to see a lot of brand owners. Where I see them make mistakes is they're so focused on their top line revenue, where it's like, oh, this is down right. The amount of times I could say this year, I've easily made business owners over a billion dollars just by getting them to follow this basic thing of, stop chasing the top line. If your net triple net profit, which is contribution margin, is going up, you are doing the right thing. So it's it's kind of crazy. A lot of brands we work with are high seven figures, eight figure annual revenue actually telling the brand owners to spend 30% less, 20% less, 10% less, using the guard rail approach that I said, it's like, hey, if your Shopify customer acquisition cost is beyond 65 you need to stop spend. You need to be here or below. When you're above, you start losing money. There is such thing as negative contribution margin. You're overspending. Essentially, what you want to do is cut out that negative contribution margin. So having that guard rail again, if we're spending beyond this for it's fine if it happens for a day, honestly two, but if it's going on for over three days, that's a very clear sign to pull back and just by cutting out that excess, wasted, non profitable spend that money is now going to your bottom line. That is pure profit. It's pure profit going back into your pocket instead of Mark Zuckerbergs. So that is the easiest way on how within I give this I give this talk to brand owners, probably at least once a month. Within that 30 day period of them making that change, it's something that you do immediately, just, hey, this is the new rule. We're above this. Kat, you do not spend more. We're below this. Keep pushing. Most of them are seeing 20, 3040, and I've had several businesses make an extra $100,000 a month in profit because they did this change. So I'm going to really zoom out and then open it back up. But this whole talk is, how do we make more money on meta? And if you notice, I did not say a single thing about landing pages, new ads, nothing. This is the easiest change that every single one of us could apply, sending one Slack message. Whether you're the media buyer, you have someone in house. Do not you're going to do the math. Figure out what that number is. This is the new rule for our business. We start doing this the 30 day period after should be month over month, at least 10, 10% increase or more in your profitability. Just applying this. So it's stupid simple. That's my approach. I want things that any brand owner can take, take away from not what a lot of the people and the gurus in the industry are like, Oh, if you change this setting and do this that you work 72 hours all night, you know, you'll be able to get all these changes. No, this is stupid. Simple ways to make money.

Speaker  181200:00
I love it on landing pages. So they When? When should brands start investing in landing pages? When should brands not be thinking about that? Talk to us about content iteration. We see a lot of people like putting out millions of pieces of content to mod. What are your thoughts there?

Speaker  184853:20
Yeah, I'm actually going to run them through what we did at crossnet. And a lot of times, you know, was there for two plus, like, practically two plus years, and these were the biggest wins. And this is the funnel, right? So I'm going to give you guys how I would recommend it. So many people do this wrong one get a post purchase survey set up if you don't have one again. Triple oil, I think, has a free one. I don't even use it, but cool. It's free. It has at least one question, no commerce, I believe, has a free plan as well. So getting basic, getting that basic setup is important, and for me, it influences creative strategy, and that includes landing page strategy. The big things that we did at crossnet When I came in was understand who's buying this, right? You know, we're talking about, is this a sport? Is this a game? When looking through the data, it's actually moms buying the product, right? So if we're creating all of our ads that are geared towards, you know, college bros, when the buyer is a mom, our performance is not going to work as well. And that's why I recommend post purchase surveys, because I want that data to be people that are have already given you their money, like it's not their opinion. This is why I bought it, and usually I recommend including demographic information. So for us, it was understanding like, who you even are. Like, are you male, female, age, demographic. What's the reason that you bought this product? How do you plan to use it? So from there, what we started doing is, when we're reaching out, doing product, seating, paying people for UGC, let's start getting parents. So a lot of things that we did is, I want parents playing with their kids in the backyard. We want parents playing with kids at the beach. We want all these different ways that we're able to create assets that we could use for them. The next step is you go into your ad creative. Statics are easier than videos, so you're able to kind of iterate quicker, validate it first. So now your messaging is utilizing assets of your primary demographic. Your call outs and headlines are speaking to the main reasons people have told you they're buying to use it for that's going to improve already, the relevancy of your audience, your ads are going to perform better. So that's great. Where landing pages now come in, is your homepage or PDPs are typically meant to be, and they should be pretty general, right? If someone is not coming from an ad, they go to crossnetgame.com, they look around it needs to be very broad information about it. Landing pages are super powerful if you're running any sort of paid ads, because, again, I create an ad that's talking to a mom why you should buy this product for your kids, I need to make sure that the landing page also reflects that messaging. So if I hooked you in with this is why it's the best it's the best thing you could buy for your kids. Now you have a dedicated landing page that only gets directed from the ads there. And what we did and it legit within the first try, cut our customer acquisition cost by 3x so we slashing it in a third just by doing this. This is the number one biggest win that we accomplished, at least I accomplished with paid ads at crossnet. So what we did was every single image in that landing page. Of the cross net was parents, again, playing with it in different surfaces. The copy was all related to safety. So it's height adjustable, it's premium quality, incredibly safe. The testimonials and the reviews, again, all parents, you know, writing the testimonials. It's not some random person, so getting that cohesion of a data back strategy of your audience, finding the messaging that speaks to them, speaking to them even further when it's time to convert. The likelihood that they purchase now is dramatically higher. So landing pages are great, but if you're just taking blind stabs at it, it's a very good way to burn money again. You do the very simple method that I said, practically free again, and now you spend time iterating and fine tuning the messaging, the formats to get it to work really well. It is the biggest lever that I've seen in a lot of ad accounts that we audit, that we take over. It is one of the biggest ones after you get the beginning. And the last piece that I'll touch upon, too is, as you look into landing pages, what's working best happens to also be the easiest so listicles, aka, like, three reasons why? Five reasons why? An example would be five reasons why. This is the best gift for kids this summer. I think we use back then it was covid. It's like, five reasons to have your like, just to make it fun during the summer, it's lockdowns like, here's an easy way where you're able to enjoy things from the comfort of your own home with your family. Those work incredibly well. They're the easiest to make because it's legit expand your five top USPS, your bullet points of why people should buy from you, very minimal image intensive that works. The second is shoppable. And then I would not even recommend advertorial unless you're in the consumable space. So that's kind of like the high level strategy that I'd recommend. That like again, is very easy for everyone to like, go out and kind of implement.

Speaker  274528:00
What else you got any questions there, I know been yapping very fast and about a whole lot. Can I ask you a question about the listicle? When you say that, are you are you talking about on the landing page? Are you talking about the advertisement? Like, the ad, it's self, like, a static image with, like, some of those points, like, What do you mean by that? Yeah. So I've actually been testing a lot, doing it, even in the creative so there are accounts right now that doing it. Three reasons why? So it depends on your product, you know. So let's say something like a cross net would be a good one, where it's like explaining how it works or why it works incredibly well for your purpose. So you could even do that in the ad creative I think that's also a good challenge, too. A lot of times when I'm talking to free seven figure, small seven figure annual revenue brands, they they still struggle to articulate. If I tell you, give me five bullet points on your best unique selling points or differentiators, they can't list them. Or if they do, they're pretty crash getting that and even putting in your ad copy is a great first step. So if you're even stuck on like, I don't know how to write copy bullet points five, three to five top bullet points on why your product or your brand is differentiated, and the best solution, then you can work it into your ad creative. So doing that, whether it's a static or video, follow that framework, and then again, on the landing page, it works incredibly well, doing probably about five. So yeah, you could do it at every stage of the funnel. And yeah, they just consistently work over and over and over. It's it's impressive because they're the least sexy looking ones. But we have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on meta behind so many landing pages, listicles have the highest hit rate, and it's great that they're the easiest to build. All right. Awesome. Thank you for sure. Let's do it.

Speaker  306544:00
Eden, quick question, does this differ? Would your would this advice or this recommendation for the landing page differ at all? For CPG brand, we have dream crust pizza. Big inspo for me, was magic spoon cereal. Right now we're sending them to one of the product pages, and mozzarella dreams page, which has the majority of our testimonials, and it's also my cheapest, the cheapest one out of all the flavors. So we're currently pushing all the ads directly, not even to the homepage, but directly to the mozzarella dreams page, because, in my mind, best testimonials, best reviews, cheapest product that you can purchase and pull the trigger on. I'm just speaking to my brother, who's my partner on that to consider making a landing page that is. Are targeted to the two different customer profiles, one which is parents, and then the other, which is more so, fitness, weight loss, you know, people that actually appreciate high nutrients, foods, you know, Whole Foods, shoppers, stuff like that. Would your recommendation still, would you? Would you still stick to the landing page approach for that?

Speaker  326293:20
Yeah, and actually, I did touch upon it briefly at the end. Made a small comment where, if you're in a anything that's consumable, you need to be doing landing pages now, because the amount of education that you need to get someone to actually ingest something, or, like, really apply something to their body, is much higher than using, like, a separate product, right? So landing pages, especially listicles, they're great because they're form of educating that's going to allow you to really expand on things. And then here's a part of the strategy as well. To the recommendation is create a base format. So, like I'm saying, listicle first. From there, you create duplicates or variants that now speak to the different audiences. So that is how you expand you identified. Hey, I have, like you said, there's these two personas that work really well. You're going to take what worked in your basic listicle, write all the copy, all the benefits, all the assets that are speaking to that use case or that persona. Make a variant. Now you have the other one, because we're using landing pages. Cool. The ad going to audience. One goes to LP, number one, ad number two, that's going to the different use case or persona. Now you send them to that dedicated landing page. That is how you actually scale brands. You scale brands by cracking these mini funnels, not pressing spend $10,000 per day on this one ad set, or at this ad campaign. You scale by cracking these funnels.

Speaker  350426:40
Yeah, and we've been doing that just with the content, right? Like, we started at four customer profiles, and then we landed on the two that are the best ones. And then from there, we tested the copy, and we tested the the actual visual content that you're seeing. We have a really good idea now with what actually makes them pay attention and tick, but you're saying now apply that to the landing page. Yeah, I'm excited to test this. I appreciate that. Thank you,

Speaker  357232:00
for sure. And then I saw Brad drop the comment. I made a note to make sure. I pulled together some examples of LPs to share. Absolutely, we'll do that. I will say in the CPG space, it's also you need it more than ever. Also for subscription brands, that's honestly the most difficult to really crack on meta specifically, you need to have these funnels and LPs. So dialed. I will say some big brands that I'm a big fan of are Javi coffee, Dr Squatch, overnight oats, I would say, just look through those three different brands, meta ad libraries, and look at the amount of LP testing that they're doing, you'll click on several, several ads. It'd be like version 72 like these people are machines, and it's because you need to get you need to be more dialed than ever with CPG than a standard brand. Daniel, what do you got for me?

Speaker  372688:00
Hey, man. Daniel, janssy from Henson shaving. We own a company that makes a three piece safety razor that has replaceable blades that are 10 cents a piece, and you kind of own it forever. It's it's a well made product that lasts a long time. But so anyway, we've typically been sending traffic to our homepage. We're spending five, $6,000 a day across a couple of you know, Jesus take the wheel campaigns. We've never really gotten into segments. And when you were just talking a second ago, you said, look, the way to scale a brand is to nail a couple funnels down. Question, we just put $20,000 into an agency to make a funnel, and it did 22% worse, with 50% of our traffic. So to get to significance, we're looking at, you know, 22% drop in revenue on half of our traffic to get some stat SIG. And I guess one thing we're looking at over here is like, Are we stupid to try again? How often do landing pages fail? If I thought to myself, do I try that every month? 20 grand a month, not the end of the world, but like, do I keep going? What would your posture be to a brand who's burnt out from agency attempts, but also totally willing to keep going if the suckers hit it out of the park? You know?

Speaker  393109:20
Like, so first off, 20k for LPS. Okay, yeah, definitely do not proceed with that. LPS should be about two point, like two to 3k maximum, I would say each and like I said, you need two formats, just two formats. You spend that after that, you should be able to make the self changes. I did pull up your website. Your website is good, so it's not a stand. 100 website. It is very difficult. Sometimes, if you don't have anything to beat your control, that should be step one. So if you need recommendations, I'd be happy to share. If you send me the direct link to the LP that they made, I could honestly tear it apart. There's a lot of strategy behind it, and truthfully, a sexy, incredibly well designed LP tends to underperform. What does so, just like we know nowadays with ads, you know, it's kind of more common knowledge, ugly ads perform well. I'm going to clarify that it's not ugly ads. It's simple and clear ads perform well. And if for LP design, you know, we do LP design, we specifically have to retrain our designers on that, like you need to be designed for performance. There are certain little things that make such a big difference. So we've seen in your case, you remove any head, main menus, you remove any footer the only buttons on your listical page, especially for you, if you're higher, price typically is taking them to a PDP or a dedicated page to then go make the purchase. So a lot of times we run it where it's a pre education page, all you're getting is information. So by the time now you even, you know if you click shop now, then sometimes you'll even see the price after. So if you have a high price product you want to pre educate, click shop. Now you could even put your CTA in there. If you have a sale Labor Day is coming up, you could even make it like cool get 20% off as your click button. Now it takes them to PDP, so there's a lot of strategy behind LPs. So there's, there's no such thing of when I hate when marketers view things as a checklist. It's, I did this so it should work. I launched this creative format so it should work. That's not true. Like, it's the easiest way that I say it is like, cool. We could all go walk into the gym. I could sit down and text all day, and you could work your ass off and get a good workout. It's the same exact thing. So getting it dialed is is important. It's not easy. I will review this later on, and my God, I'm going to save you and 10 15k recommending other people, not bad, but it's way too long, too many clicks. I'll tear it apart properly later on, but yeah, do not spend more than 5k maximum on an LP.

Speaker  441381:20
Sarah, hey, I was

Speaker  442021:20
just wondering how you're thinking about engagement ads these days. Are you really just running conversion ads or, like, how are you thinking are you thinking about engagement ads?

Speaker  443882:40
Yeah, can you share more about what your brand is?

Speaker  444858:40
So, yeah, I have a kids brand, broomba play and, like, historically, I would run them things as engagement ads to test things first and get social proof, and then I would switch them over to conversion ads. And I feel like not a lot of people do that anymore, and I don't really know what best practices these days for how they come into play? Yeah.

Speaker  449456:00
So no, no engagement, ads, straight conversion, everything. That's kind of been the move for several years now. Would say the algorithms certainly have gotten better at understanding there's a lot of different things behind it. Even when I'm running an ad account, I look at a lot of leading indicators. So a lot of people look at CPC, click through rates. You know that should be the indicator of engagement. But then there's also lead there's also lead indicators, like cost per Add to Cart, cost per initiated checkout. And what happens is, if you're running engagement campaigns. It's gonna, in a way, you kind of optimize for clickbait or entertainment, not not purchasing. So it's very different to make content that's designed to go viral or get laughs or get views or get reactions, but that doesn't translate. If it doesn't translate to sales, it's not good. And what you actually might be doing is is affecting the quality of your meta pixel. So if you start getting a lot of, you know, low quality data onto your pixel, when it tries to optimize, you know, its existing audiences or people that have been familiar with your brand might not be the most qualified audiences. So I would say, straight to conversion. I can't remember the last time I ran that. Sorry. Like engagement style. I even read today a very well known meta rep even saying, like, reach campaigns, awareness campaigns, campaigns of that general nature are honestly meant for the biggest companies in the world where it's like, cool, you're blasting TVs, you're in retail, you're everywhere. So I would go conversion first, because that's what matters most. Even when you're evaluating ads, I don't care what the click through rate, what the CPC is, I care about what's my customer acquisition cost. And you'll, you'll, you'll, likely see that there's typically a disconnect, right? Because it costs. Us more to get in front of the right audiences. It's cheaper to get in front of the wrong audiences. Does that? Does that make some sense?

Speaker  481600:00
Yeah, yeah. Because I have a very expensive product, so it's kind of a longer buyer awareness journey where they're waiting for like, Christmas or a kid's birthday, which is how I sort of ended up making this my my strategy the last couple years. But I feel like I'm the only person who does this. I wasn't sure if, like, it's worth turning some of those off and testing like spending more on conversion instead. Basically,

Speaker  486517:20
still it's it should still be conversion. We do work with a lot of brands that are higher ticket have longer consideration windows. It is more challenging. So that's why I will still encourage you to run conversion, but set up these lead indicators so cost per Add to Cart, cost per initiate checkouts, those at least, you know, let you get more data with less spend, and then you would probably have, you probably would have slightly differentiated campaigns. So I've personally liked, right now there's a lot of people doing ASC in something like yours. It could work still, but there is value as well in creating ads that target where they are in the funnel. So if you were to use a more traditional, you know, kind of top of funnel, prospecting, middle of funnel, you know, engage non purchaser, then you could start making creative that speaks directly to like, what are the objection points? So cool, top of funnel. We're fine with it being awareness related, engagement, getting interest, but you need to work them down the funnel. And a lot of times that creative would be, yeah, you would design your creative differently, to work them through the funnel. I have been doing that for a few brands, and it works. It could work for you, but I still would recommend sticking with more of like an ASC approach that will kind of get a bit of those touch points. Just make sure you have add a creative that speaks to even middle and bottom of funnel users. Okay, sure. Thanks, absolutely.

Speaker  512154:40
All right, who's next? Who's got questions for Joel,

Speaker  513456:00
I got a question, so let's do it. How you doing? So one of the questions I have was about landing pages. We have we do a lot of E mapping on our website, and where we do e map windows that when people go to the website at our landing page, because we drive the traffic straight to the product page. They look at the focus on the top of the fold, so they don't scroll. They just focus on top of those. And they just go through the images and they bounce or they have a Kat that's most of what we don't see. People reading the description or going straight into the how to use all the stuff we're thinking of. Okay, how can we optimize the type of food to be trying to we try to add a bunch of images that describe how the product works, the benefit to the products. And in our images, we have descriptions on the images of, okay, this is what, this is what the mood the product can do on your because where it ends, talent brand, you know. But in that sense of, is it? What is it? Wanted to have a lot of discretion, because I noticed that people don't read that much discretion, because when you have so many landing pages to test and you're changing the wording, because I always change to the copy and the product description, but I've noticed that it has less and less impact on whether people are buying or not as much as the images in the website. The images are what really drives the conversions.

Speaker  535509:20
Yeah, I think that's a great that's great that you've utilized data in the way of a heat map to understand if I'm making optimizations to my page, where should I be focusing my efforts. So you are operating the right way. Like above the fold is the most important. Your headlines, your hero. The fact that you're optimizing your images as well is huge. That's something that I don't think gets any talk. But optimizing your images, because every single time I've seen a heat map test, it always is just toggling through every single image on that PDP or whatever it is. So optimizing those with, like you said, any benefits, it's also helpful. If you find some success with static ads, you can even incorporate them, right? You know, if there's a static ad that works really well, you could literally inject that into your images on your PDPs, again, it's cohesion. So I would recommend to keep doing that, keep focusing on that. It's still beneficial to have product descriptions. And like I made a note on the L key link quickly on the Henson shaving one, it's too damn long. Like you, you need to make them super, super simple. So now people take the next action if you give them too much to read to if, if you make a landing page, it's freaking like seven scrolls long. The chance of me clicking your CT at the bottom is much lower than if I gave you a one or two scroll thing. There's nothing else for you to read. You have to click shop now to keep reading, right? That's that's why the listicle strategy that I said works. There's no main menu. There is no footer there. It's typically very short. You. The only button is click to learn more. Shop now claim your claim your discount. So simple, short, digestible, that's what you need to do. So you're doing a fantastic job optimize right now. Let's, let's rip a quick follow up, and then move on to, I think will was next. I have a quick

Speaker  565749:20
one more question about the flip. So that's of how we in terms of the review, because I noticed the most website put their review on the bottom of the page, what we did was that we push it to immediately under the discretion. We put the review immediately down that review. We add more information below based on your your testing of language. You think it's better for the reduced in the bottom, bottom of the page, or should it be? Immediately after the product descriptions, how to use, like we put the product discussion, like a slide down. So, like a slide down. So immediately after you see the slide dance, you see a drop down. Sorry. You see the product review. Immediately before we put more information about the products and what, how to use it down below the review.

Speaker  576928:00
What I would say is, I don't think there's a statistically significant difference in that. You know, you could definitely test that for your brand A lot of times, the default review one takes frickin like, the whole damn screen, and it's just too big. So those don't really work very well on landing pages on the PDPs. They're fantastic because people are already very close to making their purchase. So if you're doing a listicle, pre education style, first, like, I've been saying, you kind of want to avoid those, or only add those in. Like, let's say five reasons why. That's point number five. Here's an image of someone with a testimonial. Here's what they wrote on to the next. Don't make it too long. So I would say test. It's not going to be the biggest needle mover. Have some but don't have too much. Will I think you're next. And then after that, Clay, I'm going to need you to emcee this, because we got some more questions. Thanks.

Speaker  592848:00
For your time, man. Um, it seems like a lot of the sort of meta media buying Talking Heads online are pushing people more and more away from interest targeting look alikes into broad, broad, broad, feeding mostly into AFCS. Just love your general lay of the land. There's interests look like targeting something worthwhile to explore these days. And then quick question is, a lot of great resources for for entrepreneurs getting into Facebook ads, and I feel very comfortable there. I think there's probably a lot of people in the group who are thinking about exploring Tiktok ads, Google ads. Where would you start if you're an experienced ad buyer and want to learn, sort of no frills in the weeds. Have you start to learn in those super options? Yeah.

Speaker  604122:40
So the I'll do the last one, I've been, I've been, personally been using it like crazy for any little thing that I forget, different reasons. I've been using perplexity.ai. It's fantastic. So legit. Using that as your media buying coach is awesome. The reason why it pulls a lot of you know, highly relevant data. A lot of them, it links resources. The resources that you tend to go dig into are the voices that are that should be respected in the space. They're not the the ones just shilling BS, engagement baiting, if you're not running cost caps, like you're just torching cash, like no engagement baiting, like just pure facts. So will refresh me real quick on the first part, but I would say everyone take advantage of that. I use it practically every single day when I'm doing media buying. But hit me with that, yeah, I

Speaker  618778:40
was just curious your your thoughts on the state of interest, targeting, the look like, basically anything that's not broad. Targeting in meta,

Speaker  620842:40
for the most part broad. For the most part broad, when I'm taught, like when I look at everything. So for me, the approach is very interesting. You know, being the agency side is like, you need to be as efficient with your time as possible. So in if I were to rank it, you know, what's going to make a difference? It would be relatively low, you know, probably a c, c minus. It makes sense if you have a very specific product. Typically, some of the audience changes that work well in ad sets are actually tightening who you're speaking to or targeting. So again, we go back to the cross net mom example, you know, I'm going to remove you don't have to, you like, you really don't have to. The algorithms are really good nowadays, but technically you could be like, Okay, I'm going to exclude males. Because I'm actually, if you are specifically going after moms and you specifically call it out, you should exclude males. Figure out what age demographic works well. So you typically don't want to have someone that's their kids already out of the house like she's probably not buying it for them. So the demographic targeting is, I think, a little more valuable. Yeah, look alikes interest tax still could work, but not really worth over investing in that. Area. I will make one quick note. We could go into it later. This is another like thing that people don't talk about, but I'm a massive believer in it makes a huge difference immediately with our accounts. I'll probably make a note to send it as well. How to do it. So what's called first time impression ratio, that's something that people don't really talk about a lot. So a lot of people that come to us that they hit a wall, their brands are declining. It's because their campaigns end up becoming retargeting campaigns. So they're just spending all their ad dollars hitting the same same people. ROAs looks great. Your ROAs looks great in your ad account. If you're hitting practically everything's remarketing, but your business will decline. I would say, looking into I'll send instructions. It's a little more complicated how to calculate first time impression ratios in your ad account. That should also allow you to change what your customer acquisition cost should be. So when I spoke about here are the targets that you need to have for your business. Let's say on meta, you need to have the average so if I get a very, very strict prospecting, focused ad that's going to 90% people that have never heard of my brand, I expect the customer acquisition cost to be above my target. But now I'm getting them in my funnel, right? I know, Sarah, that's something that you really want. So now you're getting them in your funnel. Now in your middle of funnel, bottom of funnel, ads that are, you know, let's say 5050, split, 50, going to existing customers. Now that seat that Kat is, like, more than half lower than what it is, and then it blends out to the number that you want. So I would say looking at first time impression ratios good to self, audit your ad account. And then the other part you could do is audience segments. So that's a kind of default in the meta ad account. You could kind of see what percent of spend is going to your engaged audiences, new audiences and existing customers. Because I bet you, a lot of you will be kind of shocked when you look at, oh, wow. I thought this campaign was doing really well prospecting, but it really is. All the all the conversions are actually from my like, engaged users. They're not really new users. So that's something worth checking out. Cool.

Speaker  677685:19
Let's go to we got a just a quick question from Steve shorts, RT, do you have an agency recommendation on where to create landing pages for Shopify sites?

Speaker  680853:20
Agency recommendations? I would say we do offer landing pages at Homestead. We could do we could share some examples there. There were few other partners, hooks no longer in business, not gonna I'm not gonna say any shade, but they were charging 5k page nowadays. There really aren't any big ones doing LPs, I think right now, going back to what I said, finding someone that has the right strategy is the most important. If you get someone that's done web design and now they tried doing performance landing pages, good luck. Just had a friend do that. Wasted cash didn't work. So I There are a few other resources I could make a link to a few other alternatives out there, but, yeah, do not spend more than really three Kat landing page, and then make sure you work with somebody that specializes in performance, focused landing pages.

Speaker  695941:20
Cool. Kat, you have a question?

Speaker  696917:20
Yeah, hi. So I wanted to ask, What do you think about ASC campaigns versus manual ones? Like, should we run both together? Or is it not like effective?

Speaker  700090:40
Yeah, I I'm not. There's a lot of people now that are kind of being like axes where it's one or the other. I like mixed, kind of like a mixed approach. There's different there's different points. But doing what I just said, of the audience segments, first time, impression ratios, it's going to help you understand what actually makes sense for your business. I always like I always prefer to simplify, right? I like simplifying, getting the 8020 so I would say, if ASC is working for you, keep running ASC. No issues. A lot of our big brands, you know, crush on ASC. So it works over time, they can start kind of getting a little too remarketing, or hitting the same people. So if your frequency is up first time, impression ratios that starts getting up, then, you know, it could get muddy. So that's why it's very helpful. We still run a lot of prospecting, CBO campaigns, also Ibo testing, where you're able to get way more control of your creative and who you're targeting in manual campaigns. That's the benefit. So I like running a lot of times manual so I can make sure my first time impression ratio on a prospecting campaign if I want to only. We hit new audiences with these ads. I could make that happen in in that yes on ASC campaigns, you could do caps. So you could do 0% 10% caps to kind of help you limit it, but you have a little less control over the creative. So I still do like launching some creative tests in the Ibo lets me make sure spend goes to these specific ads. You just lump a bunch in an ASC could not work. You also could make a lot of ASCs. So I know, I know, I even like to do it. Sometimes our team does, if ASCs are working, we could separate an ASC that's just videos and ASC, that's just statics. And then ASCs also do work incredibly well for sales, because you do want some engaged people in there. So if you were to launch, let's say, a Labor Day Sale, whatever it is, ASCs are fantastic. Those are fantastic for it, so I really like them there. But yeah, really understand what works for you. I would say there's no strict rule in that regard of like you need to do this. You're making a mistake doing that. No, just figure out what works and make sense for your business.

Speaker  739168:00
Gotcha. And then a follow up question, what do you see? Is one of the biggest mistakes that you see a lot of people who are, you know, like an advertisement make,

Speaker  742629:20
yeah, so ASC is advantage shopping campaigns, definitely for it's a campaign style for a lot of E commerce brands, makes things a lot easier. So the biggest mistakes in advertising? It's a fantastic question. I wanted to touch upon it today. I did start off hot with it. You know, I will clean it up. The unit economics right now, the number one reason that clients are churning is because they actually don't know their numbers. They find out now, oh, crap, I need to make layoffs, or I need to lower my operating expenses, the environment overall. I know we talked about seasonality, it's more difficult to drive revenue now than in the past two plus years. So a lot of brands need to have had to shift to lower revenue higher efficiency needs. So being able to react and make those changes is, I think, the biggest determinant if someone's business will survive or hit bankruptcy, because we have seen many of those occur, unfortunately. So really being financially savvy is that, and then the other part, first time, impression ratio when we audit account specifically, that's something that most It's shocking. It's shocking. Like Chris said, start off at crossnet. You know, we're spending three, 3 million a year or so, a mill or three a year. I look at brands that spend 10s of millions every year, and every single one like they have the first time impression ratio is wrong. So freaking millions of dollars wasted and spend getting that cleaned up. Media bought, like a lot of people say, it's all creative, it is, but you need to have the media buying infrastructure in place, and then also just not doing the basics. So again, this will shock you. There are a lot of seven figure brands that still have never launched a landing page test. There also are a lot of brands that still do not have even a mix of ads, like clearly understanding their benefits, creating ads, making landing page variations that speak directly to their main audiences. I'm like they are eight figure brands that don't do that. So the fact that, if you're able to get those done now, you're in a very good spot, you're able to scale sustainably, like you understand what's working. Where things get messed up is brands, like I said, they'll probably throw everything in an ASC campaign. They scale it to the moon, and then it dies. It's like, yeah, because all your money's not hitting you audiences, you don't have control over your creative to an extent. You know, if you're not creative testing, you have no idea what's working. You're just like shit. This magic meta campaign is the lifeline to my business. If that goes down, I go down like you don't want to find yourself there, I'd say those are the biggest mistakes macro level. So a lot of the things that we talked are ways to you should be prepared for downside, like be prepared for lower, safer plays, rather than, like, just being overly aggressive and reckless,

Speaker  791093:20
absolutely, I have one last follow up question. So we have a brand that's basically personalized. So we take people's pictures, we turn them into art, and then we put them onto, like, we embroider them onto hoodies, sweatshirts, and a ton of different products. So we have, like, a ton of different ideal target audiences due to the nature of our brand. But do you think that we can manage this with the same pixel and AD account, or create Do you think it's better to just create a sub brand with a different store and a different different ad account? Target more effectively. This is like one of our biggest questions,

Speaker  801098:40
for sure. Can you give me two examples of the different audiences? My initial my initial reaction is, you don't need to separate out. I will just touch upon how you could separate your funnels within the same ad account.

Speaker  804265:36
Yeah, for sure. So we make personalized gifts, so we cater to anyone and everyone. We cater to moms getting gifts for their daughters, or we have people that are ordering from us with their pets, with pictures of their pets on them. We have, like, basically anything and everything, every niche possible, gotcha.

Speaker  809541:20
So we even have custom, custom products. So in your case, no, I would treat it the same way, like I described it like a standard brand. So you have one funnel, and that's where, again, the I'm very okay with several campaigns. You know, only if you're doing this approach, only if you're doing this approach, you'll have one funnel that's specifically going after this audience, whether it's a persona, a product or, you know, the use case, that's how I would separate it out. So I have a dedicated campaign that's just going after this, because I know it works. And then have a separate ad set or campaign that's going after this. So again, using the cross that example, like Same, same ad account, same everything, I'm going to have one campaign that the ads are all towards moms, the targeting is all towards moms, and then cool a separate one. It's either going to be now our H 2o product, or within the one on one campaign, I'm going to now do an ad set that's a different audience. The ads in there are for that audience, and the landing pages go separately. So yeah, you would just, you should just split your ad sets accordingly, but everything else should be the same, perfect. I'll give you one last note. So the custom we do have a custom brand. They do specialize in one audience, but they have two products. So they split their they split their campaigns, going after one is like, they sell the design itself. So it's like, Here, here's, like, this design itself, and then they have a separate one that's like, after you get the design, here's the upsell. Get it, get the shirts, get the hack, get the tumblers, get whatever it is. They split it up that way. So it's, I'm offering you this product. This is what most first purchasers get. And then you have the like, here's the whole package,

Speaker  836816:00
right, right? Yeah, perfect. Thank you so much, of course.

Speaker  837877:20
All right, let's get a couple off the messages. Haley asked fellow seasonal brand here swimsuits, do you recommend shifting creative during off season? Totally get not chasing non viable sales during the off season. But curious on your take on this, we typically move to less beachy creatives during off season. Would you like to hear your approach on this will cost me,

Speaker  842986:40
yeah, 1,000% we do have swimwear brands that are doing exactly this. So jewelry brands do the same thing a lot of times. Female jewelry brands like, okay, it's summer, very tropical, very by the beach, by the water. The designs that they're promoting are secured towards that. There's also ones that are, you know, seasonality based. So you should be shifting your promotions there. The reality, just like cross nets, is little tougher to sell, you know, bikinis during the off season. So one note there is, we did learn this at crossnet too, is like, there are months that you might not make money, you know, there's, there's a lot of people that I think annual forecasting is good. Annual forecasting is good and being prepared for those down months, right? So it's like, okay, well, how can I Chris is the master at this setting up variable expenses. So okay, if we're only going to drive 50 to 100k in revenue this month, I need to tell the agency, we're going on pause. I need to tell this person we're slowing down. We don't have any POS coming in. So getting very variable with your expenses, because it's easier to control your expenses and down seasons than your revenue. So I would do, I would do what you're saying, Just prepare for off seasons. Very, very

Speaker  863178:40
well. Yeah, we literally just call it Facebook ads, from $8,000 a day to $0 a day for the next 1010, days, just to, like, have a beautiful end of August. So it happens, but we're making more profit than ever,

Speaker  866368:00
which is great. Cool would have been. It'd be terrible if you didn't, right,

Speaker  867872:00
all right. Dan, what's the best approach to bringing media buying in house?

Speaker  869696:00
Bringing media buying in house, I would say you should probably be able to run an ad account yourself to like 30k a month, at least, if you're bringing in someone that you can't manage or check or get external people to control. Again, you are kind of like at risk. I would say freelance. It probably freelance instead, you're better off that way, less risk. You have variable expenses, like I said, if they suck, if you don't need them that month, let's say you run out of inventory. Cool. They're not on your P and L just like, hey, sorry, bud, we got to pause. Go freelance, get someone good. The thing that I will always emphasize in this space. Case, the difference in cost to get someone good versus mediocre is like 20% spend a damn money get someone good, get the right strategy in place, and then the execution is easier. So go freelance. Don't go in house, unless you're spending, again, a lot of money, and you have at least enough understanding of what the hell's going on in there. Because, if not, prepare to get finessed.

Speaker  887365:20
Should they spend some time at the beginning, though, learning it in house, you know? So they kind of, they're buying

Speaker  888997:20
handle consultants. So example, I have a brand that only spends, that's looking to get back into meta. They would be spending around 10k a month. It's their slow season. What they've even done is brought me on for hourly consulting, where it's like, Hey, I'm going to tell I'm going to check your ad account every one or two weeks. I'm going to tell you what you need to do. Go out there, implement it, learn you have questions. Go to perplexity. If you're really stuck, ask me and you're able to at least get the basic understanding. So eventually, when you outsource it, then you know you can't bullshit. You can't you can't get bullshit on when someone starts playing games with you, because you have a better understanding of how they could manipulate numbers.

Speaker  899952:00
Cool, all right, get a couple more in here. Call it. Go for buddy.

Speaker  901760:00
Thanks for doing this. Joel, so could you walk me through kind of your philosophy on testing new creative for high AOV products? To give you a little context, we primarily run ASC campaigns on manual bids. And so I'm trying to figure out if with new creative, if we should throw that new creative and the ASCs that we have for that specific skew, or if we should have separate campaigns testing new creative and then switching over that winning creative to a scaling campaign, and just trying to get out of that learning phase, because we have a, you know, our AOV is Over 350 bucks. So just kind of walk me through what you do in that situation.

Speaker  913552:00
Yeah, so it is, it is tougher to, you know, a lot of times, if you're smaller AOV, it's much easier to just, like, chuck it in an Ibo. Not going to do that. I would say for sure. We do. We use relatively consolidated structures where, yes, you want to get that test and then move it into a scaling campaign. So I think the way that you're doing it in an ASC works. But are you looking at those smaller metrics, like I kind of mentioned, where, since it's tougher to get purchases, it costs a lot more in spend. Are you monitoring cost per Add to Cart, cost per initiate checkouts as well.

Speaker  923466:40
No, not, yeah. We're not really making decisions based on that money or based on those metrics. Our first goal is to just get out of the learning phase and be first order profitable. So we've tried both highest volume, doing that and then just doing that with like, a cost cap. And we found a couple winners there. It's more in video usually converts best. So it's more. Should we put that new creative in the the campaigns that we're scaling right now and see if it can beat the winning creative, like in the AFC campaign, or it's like, does it need to be separate from those winning creatives that we're trying to scale right now and then, just slide it over once we kind of find the metrics that we need to, you know, for it to be a winning, creative, yeah.

Speaker  935317:20
So I would say you should look at those metrics, just because you're going to have more data available. That's what I always recommend for high ov so like, the brand that I'm consulting, they sell, like, wedding rings and like, just high AOV products. So those typically, over time, have relatively strong correlations. So you're able to get more you're able to test with less money wasted. I do like that you also said that you've tested with, like, let's say cost caps. In your case, you need to be a little more consolidated in your testing. So yes, ASC, CBOs, and then, yeah, you do want to break I would recommend, if it's working, you can leave it in there duplicate, or move it into your scaling campaigns. See how it does there, because there are still times that like, hey, it could hit in one campaign and not in the other. Just does its thing like that. What I also do recommend is existing audiences also tells a very different story as well, of why it might work in one versus not the other. So it could be that that ad does really well for prospecting, but not for remarketing. You know, it's that's not necessarily true. But if, let's say all of every ad, if 90% of your ad spend is going into this one ad, like the people in the remarketing have already seen that, like, it's like, cool, bro, same ad seven times sick. You need to have different ads there. So there are ways that you should look into like, is it working, or is it really just hitting existing customers and good at converting them? I don't think there's a right or wrong way. Just avoid Ibo. Avoid Ibo. Get those smaller metrics and. Place you have more data at your disposal, and then, yeah, duplicate, move it into scale, push CBO it. And

Speaker  962016:00
so would you say that for testing, do a manual kind of CBO with almost like solely prospecting, just because with ASC it is little bit more lower funnel for specifically for testing new creative and then sliding it over to ASC once we kind of find the metrics that we need for winners. How

Speaker  967205:20
much are you spending a month? About 30,000 stick in the ASC. Don't go manual yet.

Speaker  968853:20
Okay, all new creative in the ASC, yeah,

Speaker  969989:20
I think it's better to keep it more consolidated there. Cool, thanks,

Speaker  971130:40
man, for sure. Mary,

Speaker  972202:40
Hey Joe, thanks so much for for your insights. I just had a quick question around, when you're thinking about, when you're thinking around, turning around like a top performing ad campaign that's declining, how do you think about which levers to prioritize first, whether it's like, spend testing new creatives landing pages or, like, any other factors to think through.

Speaker  977840:00
So when flip, like, really cracking an account, where would I focus first?

Speaker  979072:00
Yeah, yeah, when you're kind of thinking about, like, Okay, this one, it was top performing for months, and then it's declining. How do I think about, kind of like, turning around the the lower performance.

Speaker  982749:20
I think it would be understanding there's times that it could just fatigue. So if you don't, if you haven't been testing other winners that could try to compete against it, it naturally will decay over time. Um, so creative is easier. I still have seen so many ad accounts like, if you have already identified, if you've identified with data, why people are buying, you have ads that work well towards that. It's been working for you before, and now you need that extra squeeze. LPS work really well. There fine tuning your offers. Offers in my list of the things that you said, like creative LP offers messaging, let's say offers is one of the top ones. So another example that we did at crossnet, this one was, how can we improve kind of like margin. So we used to do a lot of $20 off incentives, and what we actually did is we switched the offer, and the creative kind of stayed the same. We made slight changes. The offer was now you'll get a free, you know, co branded Wilson volleyball that retails for 35 our costs were significantly lower. We found that that offer outperformed right? So you're you're not necessarily even recreating the wheel. You're just coming up with cool packages or cool ways that now people are interested in buying it makes sense for the business. That's an example. There's no real right, wrong, right or wrong way. What? When I look at an account, I'll look at all your metrics, and then just be like, where are your biggest problems, right? Are you? I like to split it two ways, there's pre click. So are you struggling to drive traffic in a cost efficient manner? That means your ads are not good, your messaging is unclear. You don't understand who you're targeting. Then I would focus on those types of areas, if you are getting traffic to your website at a cost effective rate. So that means cool, you focused on ads, you've got that, but they're not converting now you need to focus on, you know, LPs, your conversion rate optimization, all of those things that occur post click. So diagnose the problem first, then figure out the solution. There's no magic bullet.

Speaker  1018197:20
Cool little lightning round with two more or better served, creating custom audiences or letting the algorithm figure it out.

Speaker  1020474:40
Let the algo figure it out. Kind of go broad, go, nice and broad. Let the algo figure it out. You could even, you could. You could even, like, kind of do your targeting through your creative as well and copy. So again, if we use the mom example, yes, we could restrict the demographic, because that is something you can control, but let's say things that you can't control. So if I'm facing a certain problem, right, if I, if I'm serving, if I'm facing a certain problem, it's tougher to get targeting right. A random one that we've been seeing like, let's say a health one like, Okay, you have, let's say bad. You're thinning, right? You have hair loss. Cool. I'm going to be able to now make my creative that targets that specific problem, and then, naturally, as the algorithm gets more data, it starts kind of compiling those audiences. If you were to try to hack your way into that with interest, like, that's difficult. I can't target by people that are like, bald, you know, they might have some interest interests, but let the algo kind of do its thing. Use your creative and your call outs to like, address who you want to speak to,

Speaker  1038330:40
cool. All right, last one is there a minimum amount of ad sets you would recommend running at all times.

Speaker  1039626:40
Do? Nope. I think the less for the most part, the less is better. Less is more. The biggest, the biggest way I like to split it and keep it simple is just have one that's primarily going after new audiences. Have one that's going after engaged non purchasers. That's like, the how I would recommend splitting it, rather than, like, going crazy. So there is no minimum, yeah, there's, there's really no minimum. Do what works, get it to work, then try other stuff. Don't try to do a million things when it's not working.

Speaker  1049221:20
All right. Dan mazure is going one more. We don't one more, then we're done.

Speaker  1050485:20
All right.

Speaker  1051413:20
P PDP versus LP. The LP is the sales page focused on the new product launch.

Speaker  1052970:40
So, Mikey, special for you guys. We're going through something where we want to AB test between driving traffic to PDP or to the LP, but the LP is structured like a sales page, and it's predominantly around a new product launch. So it's like education focused, but

Speaker  1058064:00
you always should what we should. So is the PDP or control? Is that your current winner? Yeah. So then, yeah, you got to AB test it. You got to see which one performs better. Yeah, that'll that'll be the test always a B test. Those, I will say, when it comes to destination pages, PDPs are good, higher ticket collection pages are good, higher skew. So a lot of apparel brands, they find the most successful in a collection pages, LPs are very good if you have hero product focused. So if it's like, Hey, this is my main product, I'm going to go really deep on that. I have no benefit to getting you to my website browsing around, because everything else is not a top seller. That's the simplified way on destination pages, you never know. You never know either what's going to work. You really never know until you test

Speaker  1071738:40
it. Right, right, right,

Speaker  1072256:00
right. We're a

Speaker  1072496:00
high of the ice bath company. Yeah, yes.

Speaker  1073920:00
All right, working on some, I'm working on some LPS for a few big boys there, which was, can't say very big. That's good, like Trump. So I would say, when you're high ticket. You want to go. You need to go. Pre education. Educate, have them then click out to the PDP to purchase. They need way more information if it's higher ticket, so do not expect to convert them on that LP. It's possible, but the better flow is pre educate, push to PDP, more information.

Speaker  1082341:20
Close. Sounds good. Thank you for sure. Love to know

Speaker  1084869:20
who the one, the one in your head. It's the one in your head.

Speaker  1085797:20
All right, amazing. So when you're done with the contract, let me know.

Speaker  1087461:20
All right, cool guys. Aaron's got a couple of final words. Just want to give a little thank you to Joel.

Speaker  1089040:00
Yeah, couple of snaps. You're Joelle. Listen, we've done a lot of these calls, and it's the retention. Don't nobody leave yet, but the retention for over an hour has been fantastic. So tremendous amount of value, really, before we kick everybody off, a couple of things before we conclude this session here. I just wanted to quickly bring to everyone's attention. Two retreats we have on the horizon. We have one sooner than we have one in Tulum today, we announced part two of our Miami week founders weekend. So it's September 27 to 28 actually dropped both links in the chat here. Some of you on this call were at our previous one in Miami. It was fantastic. It was a one day event. We're coming back with two days with more programming. A couple of you already coming, which I see, but we just dropped this today. 30 founders at Anne and Brett malams house can be fantastic. And the second one is Tulum, which is December 11 to the 14th. That one's going to be our inaugural and eventual annual event. It's our four day, three night, jam packed retreat happening in Tulum. So those are the two big upcoming events. Both links are in the chat here. We've probably emailed them to you. We probably will email them to you again. I just wanted to bring that up and the programming. Just wanted to touch on that because I got a couple messages about what's going to be involved. They're both gonna be a little bit different, but we are diving deep into all buckets of life. So that's including, you know, the way we go about money, within our personal lives, within the business, business strategies, whether it's goal setting into 2025 knocking out q4 if you're joining us in Miami, growth, diving into our health, mastering that bucket, relationships, everything else we're bringing in the best of the best to come and create one unique experience for founder club members. So again, both. Those links are in the chat here. Click them. Save them. If you have any questions, hit us up. But Joel, once again, thank you so much. We appreciate your time goes a long way, for sure,

Speaker  1122944:00
we'll make sure I get everything to you guys on by the end of week Friday. So everything I promised. Expect it

Speaker  1124464:00
beautiful. Thanks, bro. You.
