Oleg Dorfan
Date: April 21, 2025

Speaker  1408:00
All right, guys, so I don't follow instructions, and this was done separately from the other thing in the last half an hour before I came here. So I apologize if it um, if it's a little messy or I didn't prepare well, but the idea is using Vine to get the reviews, which we all know. But then the trouble with using Vine is we all get flagged, or I would usually get flagged, and many others for variation abuse all the time. So now we figured that out, and we're able to beat all that. So why does vine suck the how to you know, I avoided buying for a long time. Main reason is high priced items, or even normally priced items, don't do well, because people actually care about how much they cost, because they get a 1099, and they have to pay taxes on these products, which is stupid, but that's how it works. So we list things that products that we couldn't get it to work well on we just dropped the price significantly on a brand new asin, and got it, got a bunch of binds, and the reviews generally come in much better. And then we make like so how do you come overcome that? Say, you know, we make 10 variations. The idea is, you got to do it. You Photoshop it, or whatever, make it a realistic variation. So if you're doing, you know, I don't know kitchen appliance do, like different motors or different colors or whatever. So and then make sure the image is different enough Photoshop it, and then the title is the same. And then you put whatever field and roll them all into wine, make them cheaper, and then eventually you put them all into variation. If you can, you can do this all before the listing goes live. So we do it with similar products that we'll send in while the actual new products are all being used. And then we have a bunch of dummy ASINs floating around Seller Central that we move around and whatnot. So variation abuse. This happens even on regular you know, if you're selling, I don't know, scented whatever, water bottles and you're going to do it, you're still going to get variation abuse. I suggest, if you can doing it from a friend's account, that way that account gets a violation. But even if you don't, we've been able to beat every single variation of use the whatever complaint that we've had. Make sure you don't go in and just select okay, I read the thing and click okay, because then when you recreate it, you'll just actually get it again. We need to do is you need to put it on the brand site. You need to make it exactly the same on your brand site. Titles the same, everything the same. It doesn't have to actually be public. You can make it a private page, whatever, and then like your Shopify, yeah. So you make the exact same variation in Shopify, same title, same even like style for variation, size, whatever, name exactly the same. And you put all that shit into the appeal with screenshots with the PDF that I put it here. Oh yeah, so you could take pictures. But in general, you put, you make the appeal, you put the the links screenshots say, this is this, this, this is this, this. This is this. Oftentimes it still doesn't go through. So we went those back and forth, and I'm very happy I don't have to do this the my team does it now. But when you keep getting rejected, and you will call them and call them again and called them again, and one person out of 10 will give you something interesting, like we kept getting it rejected, and one random who didn't seem to know what he was talking about told us, hey, at the end of your you know, 10 page appeal, just put that you completed the variation wizard, and you took it, added that one sentence. Appeal went through in 10 minutes. So now we create the variation, do this whole abuse thing, get the thing, we beat it, and then we recreate it, and then it sticks after we did. Try to get, you know, internal screenshots to see what the hell it says in the back end. And it's nothing there. It just says inconsistent variation. And because it's always interesting to see what they say and like, it'll say, like, this one the POA, we didn't list child asin specifically, but ICB is inconsistent child variation.

Speaker  74309:20
But yeah, so

Speaker  76058:40
what's like the quantity that we do four bonds. You do 4010,

Speaker  77450:40
we do 10. We did that. We did some that were more. I think the most we did maybe went up to like, 202 50 reviews. I. I don't know how many ASINs, because I didn't play with it personally, but 10 for sure. Problem

Speaker  81424:00
with 59 $79 products for people taking those vines. So it's interesting to see

Speaker  82688:00
drop the price. They'll they'll go like, we went from like, say, $25 products that were getting four star reviews on Vine, and I'm like, Oh, this is a four star product. It's never going to work in vine. It's never going to work. Drop it to 10 bucks, made a whole bunch of them. And yeah, some of them get a few bad ones, but a bunch of them came in good and now we're able to use them. You

Speaker  87621:20
find that if you're going to launch, sorry if you if you're going to launch product, like right now, we have unclaimed fines because the price is too high. So we did that, we dropped the pricing, and we want to launch anyway. If I close the listing, the vine will option will disappear if we don't close the listing, it shows up as variation on the listing which we don't want we launch. Obviously, in pets, they actually remove all of those, even if you're out of stock. So I don't know

Speaker  93482:40
what. I don't know we played with it all separately, like we would do it, completely separate everything. Then once they start trickling in, then we start combining them.

Speaker  96170:40
And wait for it to go to 30 or 25 I mean

Speaker  96800:00
something to see.

Speaker  97840:00
Yeah, but I think we stopped doing vine on the actual asin will sell. So we don't do the vine on the asin we sell. We do it on the on very unfake variations, those variations,

Speaker  101589:20
if they don't get claimed, you can't merge it in, because it still shows an option on the main listing when you go to launch, I'm assuming, Ah,

Speaker  103461:20
okay, yeah. Ours get claimed quick. We wait for them to get claimed. Yeah. QUESTION If, like, let's say, okay, selling, yeah.

Speaker  106293:20
And then I turn around say, Okay. Variations. Now purple, but I've done this, but I've done it with, like, wood, yeah. And you like, yeah, I don't know. And then cherry wood, yeah, very slight, like, head, the binders don't care that they got a purple, but we've

Speaker  111066:40
tested various stuff. But like, we use the we, but we also would change the image, like we would do the vine. And then once it's done, like with when we wanted to prep it last time we did it on the actual inventory we sent. And then once it's done, then we'll change the whole listing for but, but it won't make it the same. It'll be like, like you said, a different color for that variation that doesn't really exist, but whatever filler. So you

Speaker  120885:20
use the like,

Speaker  121493:20
he's making 10 listings of this green one, and the moment that it's fully claimed. He's switching all the content on that listing on that asin to be purple, and then the middle one could be red. And then after it's all claimed. So they already all got it, they got it. They said the green one's great. But then they then you switch it so that it's purple, so that if you get flagged, you you look at it and like the person looking at it says, verbal is different,

Speaker  128560:00
but also you could do it like, if you don't, if your product's in production, but you have something similar, right? You send them that you could even add a note one thing, one thing, we messed up on, though, I told my guy to get aggressive, and he sent a giant shipment, like, I don't know, 30 ASINs, and one shipment, and Amazon opened it and re labeled everything as one product, because it was one product with a bunch of different fn SKUs, and they combined it all into one and, oh, my god, fuck. Now it's like 500 units. What am I gonna do with this? So make sure, if you do that, you split it up. Because some smart person thought like, Oh, this is one same product and has different stickers on it. Yeah? Well, bind, you have to know

Speaker  139482:40
a slight different question about variation of use. So I had a product that basically, it's like meal kits for different recipes. So I had a parent to kind of bundle reviews, but they're different recipes, so it's kind of like gray area.

Speaker  142954:40
And Amazon obviously split everything

Speaker  144096:00
if I do that thing on the shop, if I show them on the shop, if I do this way, yeah, because the best thing to do is read their actual terms and find where you can just show them. Here are the terms, and it says you can make a variation if this variation is on the made by the brand like now they came out with this thing that you can't like bundle mandms and giant multi packs unless mandms Does it by themselves, right? So, like you could do the same thing, I.
