Keynote 1
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  00:00
So without any

Speaker  1488:00
further ado you their music. Come on. Kat, up on. Dave, everybody.

Speaker  8293:20
All right, so quick reminder so these people don't get frazzled. Session etiquette, no photos videos, unless we ask for it. I'm joining here just to chill with you guys and take some questions after but I want to preface this a little bit. So we do a lot of panels, and we get ratings at the end of like, what sessions perform best, and panels, usually they're soft, right? But we have another idea, where you guys are each presenting a nice, cool value add, and then we're going to roll to Q and A. So this is going to be a hybrid panel value add session. And without further ado, I'll let the first person go. All

Speaker  18432:00
right, folks, welcome, welcome. Hopefully you all had a great protein packed lunch, unlike breakfast Eugene, where we had no protein. Hi guys. A lot of new faces. Great to see you guys. My name is Jason Pratt. I have been a part of MBs Since 2018 so there was no gray hair back in those days. I was all black and shiny and buff. I kid around a few brands, but landed in supplements around 2015 so my main brand is in the kids sort of functional supplement space, and then I have a couple side brands in the pet space full full time. 13 team members. Right now, we're really big into EOS. If you guys ever want to chat about that, I love talking growth through EOS. Six family members, one movie credit, and I love Amazon so much that I'm helping my hormonal 13 year old teenager launch her own brand because Daddy is not paying for college. All right, so this conversation is really for two, two people. So group one, show of hands. You are, like, massive 8020, give me the hats. Give me the shortcut by just show me what to do, and I'm gonna go do it. Anybody like that, like, four hour work week? Any of those people? Dimitri, I love you sir. All right, awesome. All right. The second group is, unlike Betsy or a titt Queen, you want to be caught dead on camera doing a Tiktok live like you're not doing it. If you had to do it, you would sell your business today. Anybody like that? Okay, we got some I see you. Okay, cool. So you're the ones I'm talking to. Okay, that's sort of how we're probably approaching this game. So my kind of thought process here is, stop selling, start recruiting. Five Steps to 10k. Emojis did not translate. All right, awesome. So quick journey here. So back in summer of last year, that's when we got started in Tiktok. And, you know, we kind of did what a lot of people do. We gave away a bunch of units, you know, high affiliate, collapse, all the stuff, and it didn't really work, all right? So I was about to quit, I was about to say, Tiktok doesn't work. And then I went to the Denver Summit. I'm a very happily married man. However, I met a guy. I met a guy who changed my life. Okay? He had this orange glow around his face, okay? And this guy goes by the name of Alex Bonilla. This man changed my life. Round of applause, Alex. So we actually had a funny slide that went missing, but Alice did a talk called the four pillars of Tiktok back in Denver. For those of you that are in the group. You can go back and probably watch it, but that talk completely, it unlocked the way to a different way to think about Tiktok. And what worked for me is that it was very simple, like i Master simplicity, and I take very fast action. And so I left that call, or I left that meeting call my GM, hey, we're going to do what Alex said. It will work, or we will go broke. Whichever one we hit first, that's what we're doing. But it just all made sense. One month later, we did 5k the next month, we started to see some traction. We did 42,000 that month, we started to see a hero product really pushed. And then December was very fun, because we went viral. We stopped out. We pivoted to our second product. A week later, we stopped out on that one, we pivoted to a third product, and that one, we were able to sustain for a little bit. But what was cool about December is Alex said that you're not really in this game until you stock out. So we stopped out, and I was like, cool, like a minute game. Now this sucks because we're losing all this money, but Alex said this is what it feels like. So fast forward to today. We're right over 800,000 last 30 days, we should be over a million.

Speaker  78570:40
We should be well over a million. We're having pretty phenomenal supply chain issues, as you might. Imagine with that sort of skyrocket growth, but that's the power of getting this thing right and just putting your head down and executing a very simple plan. Now this talk is about lives. Eugene is forcing me to talk about lives. So let's talk about lives. All right, so we're doing about $37,000 in life. The way that we think about lives is probably a little bit different than these guys, which is actually really cool, because there's a lot of ways to win on this channel. The concept, for me is, who, not how? Phenomenal book, if you guys haven't read this, by Dan Sullivan. What it talks about is, if you're trying to unlock a new in this case, a new channel or a new way of selling, don't try to become the expert yourself out the gate. Go find the people that are already experts and pay them to do it for you. Okay, so that's sort of been the way we think about it. We're thinking about it in three stages, stage one, which is where we are right now, really was to go to one of our creative groups that we work with, just ask them to have a couple creators that are good at lives, take on the products, to start to do some stuff. So Ashley is one of our who's Okay. Ashley is a mom of five. She works a full time job she does lives in the morning and after work, which is crazy, phenomenal, phenomenal work ethic. But what's cool about her is she actually had our products before we ever even engaged on Tiktok. So she was actually a real sort of brand ambassador for us. But Ashley is one person. Our goal is, how do we go from one or two Ashleys who are driving the bulk of ourselves to a team full of Ashleys, right? And so this is the five steps, guys. This is not rocket science. It's very simple. So you can take action, you know, when you get home tonight. So number one is to find the best top live sellers. There are a lot of tools out there. Kat lo data seems to be one of the more popular tools out there, similar to a helium 10, for those that are familiar with Amazon, but with this one, you can just go, you can search top live creators, niche it down to your category, and you can find out anything you want to find out about these guys. You can follow some of the best ones. You can watch their videos. I think it has functionality to actually record their live sessions, if you want to kind of dig in deep and, get to know them. Or, if you're like Jason, you just download the Excel file and move to the next step. Okay. Another one is Echo tick. I don't hear as much about this one, but this is another one that does very similar stuff. So in this case, you would go to Hot EC, live streamers, go to monthly filter down to your category, and then export your Excel file and move it to the next step. Fast moss is another that some folks prefer to use. The next step is, we want to invite these guys to a target collab. So in this case, you know, we use Yuka. A lot of tools out there. Use whichever one you like, but we like Yuka because of some of the automation and just, I really like the way the founders think and how they're building their product message and target collab is the way that we do it. It lets you kind of reach them through different touch points. Then you have some follow ups that you can build out. Step three, this is a really, really, really big step, educate, educate. So when you're thinking about a shoppable video, you're 30 seconds to a minute, they can really just kind of hit one emotional point and have a successful video with lives you're having to sell for, you know, one to two to maybe even three hours. So as I was talking to some of our top live performers, one thing that was repeated was, the more you give us, the more we can talk about, right? A lot of times they're talking about, you know, four or five, seven different brands. So if you give them, you know, one product, and you know a couple bullet points, you're only going to get so much play. What makes Ashley successful is she has six or seven of our products. She's been using our products for a long time. We've given her information, not just about, you know, the Amazon listing, the bullet points, but here's how the different products kind of work together, almost thinking about it like a like a bundle strategy, or kind of building this energy between the different products. So that gives her the MO to not do seven or eight different brands in the session, but to do two, right? And we're sort of taking up half of that session. It's a lot of different ways your creative briefs can look I mean, here's one example that we did from Canva. Here are two other examples. You can see on the left, very simple. This doesn't have to be fancy at all for the AI folks out there, you can, you know, throw your reviews into AI and then tell it to spit out a creative brief, very simple, very low fi. Over to the right, you can see Netflix has a pretty phenomenal one with a bunch of graphics and demographic data and all the fun stuff. It's not about the formatting. It's about giving them the MO to kind of talk about your products, right? Automate your messaging. So going back to Yuka, not that I'm a salesman for Yuka, but I should be. One thing that you could does that I don't think a lot of people utilize, is the ability to essentially do life cycle marketing. So most of us are probably talking to them up front. Hey, you know, get this sample. Try my product. It's amazing. But you can communicate with these guys at each step of the process. So, you know, after they have your product, after they've posted content, after they've made a sale, and you can deliver different messaging along, you know, different messaging along the way. So this is something that I think is really under utilized by folks that. Are using Yuka. So at each of these points, you could actually deliver a different sort of message or different level of education, I guess I would say. And then number five, amplify sales with promos. This was another big one that I heard when I talked to these guys, is if you run sales, if you you know, give us giveaways, if you do, you know, free shipping, like all these things really help us to drive ourselves. So you can see here, they're doing some really cool social proof. They have some Shark Tank stuff. Shout out, David, David's not in here. David Sandler, he was on Shark Tank. I don't see him. Okay, all right, so social proof for the Shark Tank. Flash sale, multiple products. You see free shipping. Spring sale, all these things work as conversion boosters. You see the bundle pack there on the right. So all these things can really help your affiliates, really kind of crush it more with with their with their life. So the big idea this is not hard guys, literally, you can run through everything I just said in about an hour worth of work. Are the way we're thinking about it is, we're going to test, we're going to go, go from one Ashley we're gonna go for trying to find 10 Ashleys or 20 Ashleys, and then from there, we're gonna kind of scale it. For us. Scaling is moving from the kalo data model to bringing them in house, bringing them into our Discord, bringing them into our slack. And we're starting to work with them. We're starting to work with the better sellers over time. You know, new launches, new offers, new promotions, things like that. So five things to do today. One is, think who, not how that is not just a tip thing. That is something that has really helped us move a lot faster, not trying to figure everything out ourselves. Number two, invite top live sellers into Target collab. Give them the tools, give them the education. Help them to be authentic in storytelling, even even down to you know, brands, you know brand story found a story that sort of stuff, if you can, if you have the catalog offer multiple products, right? That gives them room to talk for hours about your brand, instead of just trying to focus on one particular product and then support, support with promos, sales, shipping, all the fun stuff.

Speaker  192720:00
Thank you, Jason. Now quickly.

Speaker  194544:00
All right, cool. So nice work, Jason, that was awesome. I'm kind of going to go over a lot of what he just said, just in a little bit more depth and a little bit more strategy, so you guys can take a little more away and put it to action. But again, I'm Alex Bonilla. Been a member since 2022 I've been in E commerce since 2008 after reading the four hour work week, I didn't really make any money for like, four years, but eventually things started to take off. I have a brand with my younger brother, brand with my older brother and a brand with my wife. Just recently, became a father to Camila, big Raiders fan. I'm here all the time, but I don't live in Vegas. I'm from California. Okay, so I'm gonna talk about Tiktok live and how to build like an all star team. And this is a pretty crazy case study, because I pretty much just built this team about four weeks ago, and this is how it all started. MDS put together, or they're able to arrange a pretty cool two day event at the Tiktok headquarters. Ian Eugene, I think Dimitri, you had a hand in that. Thank you so much for that. That was awesome. Everyone that was there had a good time. Two straight days of basically getting, like, one on one training on how to do Tiktok live shopping. Now, keep in mind, though, this was for how for brands to do Tiktok lives. So a lot of us that were there were brand owners, and for the most part, we're all looking ourselves like, Well, I'm not doing this. Like, who's gonna do this? They do talk about, you know, how to hire the right person, whatnot, but they gave us, they gave us the playbook. So I was super excited after that. Eugene hits me up. Tells me, Hey, you have some pretty good numbers for for for live. Would you like to do a presentation on it? I'm looking at my numbers. I'm like, Oh, those numbers aren't really that good. I need to, yes, I'll do the presentation, but I need to step my shit up. Let me put together a team of creators to try to see what I can do to make this number bigger. There's only 12,000 GMB in the last 30 days when Eugene hit me up, all excited. And at that time, all I was doing was this. I had one Creator, his name's Haven's heaven. His name's Bill. We're at the vol you can follow him. And he was basically, he made up 98% of that 12,000 GMB. So he was pretty much doing it all on his own. All I was really doing was paying him $15 an hour to promise me 30 hours a week. We at the time, we weren't doing any flash sales. He wasn't using the live dashboard, which I'll get into in a bit. He was just basically selling at full price, putting it 30 hours a week, and he was able to generate a good amount of revenue. And we're profitable with just him. So I thought to myself, well, what if we before this presentation? What if I get five or six of him and really hit this hard take everything that I learned from the Tiktok shop training in LA, that they wanted us to do as brands have the creators do it instead. So much like Jason was talking about, who, not how. This is a screenshot of a little call that I had with a group of creators that I found there are creator groups everywhere. Guys like you can find them. If you find one person that is a creator, ask them if there are any creator groups, they'll let you know which groups they're in, there's groups for moms, there's groups for dads, there's groups for older gentlemen, there's younger groups. But this is the group that I work with the most. This is me in the top left doing a little call with them, basically telling them, Hey, I need to find I need some creators. I need to build this all star team. And this is the playbook that we use. So number one, once you get this team going, you need to make sure every creator knows how to use the live streamer dashboard. This isn't just the phone type situation or the phone facing away from the person, and you're running lives there. This needs to be done with the live dashboard, because if you don't have a live dashboard, you're not going to be able to do certain features, which we'll go over. Now I a consistent schedule is is key. This is what they teach you at Tiktok. Tiktok asks you to do at least two hours on your on your stream, shoot for three, aim for a minimum of two lives per week. This is straight from Tiktok. This isn't just something that we're doing or came up with on our own. This is what Tiktok asked us to do as brand owners. So I asked my creators to do the same thing. Okay, now here's where, here's where I'm going to get a little bit more in depth of what Jason already touched on giveaways. Giveaways are huge. So you can actually program giveaways in the back end and allocate those giveaways to a creator. So you can literally go in, pick the Creator name, pick the product you want to give away, and give them a certain amount. And then when that creator goes and does their live in their dashboard. This is why you need the dashboard. They can choose how many they want to give away. In that live, they can give one away. They can give all their everything you allocated to them, they can give it all away. But usually a creator will just give maybe one product away an hour. But the giveaway is huge. It doesn't even have to be relevant. It doesn't even have to be your brand. Actually, sometimes it works better if it's a product that isn't too relevant to your brand, because then people will be some people be like, Oh, well, I'm not going to buy this. I'm just going to wait for the next giveaway. Next giveaway. So be careful with the product being too similar to what you're actually selling. But the giveaways are going to drive engagement. A really cool feature is, in order to join the giveaway, you have to you just click, enter giveaway, and then it automatically populate some text in the comments. Use that text for some keyword stuffing. We all know what that means. Make sure some certain keywords are in that text best whatever in the world. And that will help the Tiktok algorithm make sure that your live gets driven to people who have maybe shown interest in that product before. OK, the giveaway is keep people in the room too. Because in order to find out if you won, you had to stay in the room. So keeping people in the room is huge, too for the algorithm. The second tactic that we do is called the traffic driver. This was also taught to us by Tiktok. You're going to have a product that you are going to set a super aggressive flash sale for. It's like 80% off is what we do. And it's just like the other flash sales, and just like the giveaways, you create these in the back end and designate them to your Creator, and then your Creator has access to link to them. The traffic driver is meant to try to get as many sales as possible in the first 10 minutes. So if you can get five to 10 sales right away in the first 10 minutes, the algorithm is going to notice that, and it'll boost more visits to your to the live and then flash sales every single creator of mine on this all star team is loaded with flash sales. So the hero product needs to be on sale. You don't always have to be on sale, but it helps if everyone's on the same page with the same sale, and it just has to be less expensive than what your normal price is. You can be super aggressive. Right now we're really aggressive. Our normal price is 2699 our flash sale is 1999 and all six of my creators are getting 200 of those assigned to them every other day. So the flash sale works really well because it's gonna have a little timer. That sense of urgency gets people to buy. It's. Uh, whereas if you don't have a flash sale, there's really no sense of urgency at all, it also gets other creators interested. Other creators will see these lives. And then you'll notice in your affiliate section of Tiktok, a lot of people will start hitting you up and being like, Hey, I do lives too. Can I get flash sales? They all know what flash sales are, and when they see a brand is willing to give these flash sales out, you'll get more creators interested in your brand, and they'll hit you up on the side or through the affiliate chat on Tiktok to ask if they can get in on this too. So just in seller center, just go to promotions scroll all the way to the bottom, and you need to use the flash sales in the giveaways on the right hand side, the ones on the left hand side are if you're going to do sales and coupons for your own brand, if you're going to do your own life. OK, so I had six people running with that, and over the last 30 days, since Eugene called me and told me I was going to do this talk, we almost hit 50k so almost four, 5x

Speaker  337376:00
with really no effort.

Speaker  338704:00
Get more. Get more. Do what Eugene says.

Speaker  339792:00
So what else are we doing? So all creators show their face. There. You'll see a lot of creators that are all a lot of lies where you just don't see anybody. My team always shows their face. I think that works a lot better. We're all in a WhatsApp group chat. These are older creators, so Discord is not going to work for them, but discord will work for you. We do a large discount on the hero product. To start like I had mentioned earlier, 1999 is a pretty deep discount on my 2699 product. I do weekly bonuses for motivation, you know, kind of just keep keep everyone pumped on the idea of keep selling. I even sent everyone a generous gift box, even out of stock items, like Jason was saying earlier, one of his best creators does really well, because she has seven items up, and she's selling them all. I have a lot of products out of stock right now because we're we're doing pretty well on Tiktok, and the spillover on Amazon is crazy. So I'm pretty much sold out everywhere, but I still have them feature my products in the videos and talk about how they're sold out. It kind of just for for the future. I think it'll kind of help for the brand. What's next? I want to do a live module training. A lot of affiliates that are in my ecosystem don't know about the live dashboard, how to use it, so we want to build our own training on that. Virtual bundles is another thing that Tiktok taught us at the training where you can basically bundle up products for a higher profit. Driver is what they call this will only work if you are fulfilling yourself, if you're doing fulfilled by Tiktok. And get a little tricky. I want to create a traffic driver that's designed specifically for this, the traffic driver, again, that's the one that's like 80% off to get as many sales as you can in the first 10 minutes. I just want to create a SKU just for that. That's the only place you can find it. It's not even on Amazon, and maybe it's just something that's a little less expensive for me to make. So it's easier to get away, give away. PDP optimization, that's what that's something everybody should be doing. But this plays into your lives, because your live is more likely to go viral based on its conversion rates. So the people that are in the room, how long they stay in the room, when they click on your product, and if they buy if that conversion rate is high, it'll help your live overall. So make sure your product detail page is optimized. I want to do a mega live. I don't know exactly what that is yet, but it's something going to be like, someone's going to be live for 24 hours straight on my team, or maybe all my team is going live at the same time to kind of just flood it. I want to do something cool like that, and then eventually I want to get into what our next speakers will be talking about is brand lives. I think, just like Jason expressed, the future is bringing this in house and making sure our brand is going live every day. So the takeaways are, if you don't want to do brand lines, brand lives, a creator can do pretty much everything that a brand can do with the live dashboard. Build a team of live stars, live all stars. Make them feel like they're a part of the company. Use all of the promotions, the giveaways, the traffic drivers, the flash sales, the profit drivers. And keep in mind, guys, this, is if you've heard me talk about Tiktok before, I believe Tiktok isn't just another channel. Isn't another distraction, like maybe Wal Mart could be, or some of the other markets, the UK, Canada, this should be a part of your overall strategy on Amazon. If you want to increase your sales on Amazon, Tiktok. Is the way to do it. Spillover is real. The halo effect is real. And within Tiktok lives is kind of its own little halo effect within Tiktok, which plays out on Amazon. The end game is brand lives. I want to take it in house, and I have a little bonus for you, just to kind of show you, like how serious brands are taking lives. You've all seen these bonus structures before, that goalie does, and some of these other big brands do, they're rolling out these bonus structures for lives now, specifically for live creators. If you do a million in GMV, you're going to get what is that? Maserati or something? So brands are getting serious about this. Tiktok wants to see a good portion of your sales in lives. I think it's 33%

Speaker  415002:40
lives, 33% product, card, 33%

Speaker  416170:40
videos. So brands are getting serious about this. You can tell goalie has a very similar structure than this. You get, like a apartment in Miami with a million GMB or something like that. So keep this in mind, if you ever want to do live seriously, these giveaways work really well. That's it. I

Speaker  423317:20
All right, I gotta get used to talking with a mic. Okay, so I'm Jared Morrison. I did 20 years in aerospace, and my wife and I have been married for five or, sorry, 25 years. I have seven sons, people like, Hey, you gonna try for a girl? Like, dude, what do you think we're trying to do? Right? We're not capable of generating female offspring, okay? And so my wife and I, after we exited a pet products business, we I totally make sense, like, we decided to start a men's apparel business, right? Because men's underwear is traditionally designed like, you guys don't have genitals, right? It'd be like, of all women's bras, we're all like a training bra, right? But women are for different shapes and sizes. Guys are different shapes and sizes. So we developed an ABCD pouch size classification for dudes, because you deserve to be comfortable and confident regardless of your shape and size, right? So this is my Tiktok Spiel here, right? And so most you guys are stuck in an abusive relationship with your underwear. You just don't know it yet. And so that's why we have to do a comfort intervention to be able to get you out of that abusive relationship you have with your underwear, right? So just like most abusive relationships, you don't know it when you're in it, right? And so somebody has to intervene, like your underwear should just be like a good relationship. It should be supportive, not compressive, right? Okay, so on Tiktok, we're able to tell that that story. Now in our first 11 months, we started in 2022 on Amazon, we did seven figures in our first 11 months, the 2023, we tripled that. But the thing is, we brought in a ton of inventory four to the fourth quarter, and we get, we got in a major cash crunch, right? Major cash crunch. And literally, the first time in my life I didn't know if I was gonna be able to pay my mortgage, right? Because we were just, we just had a ton of cash tied up. And so I was praying, not figuratively, I'm praying, right? Praying, God, like, how, how are we going to come up with this cash, right? How are we going to come up with this cash? And the answer was, you need to live stream on Tiktok. And I'm like, that sucks, right? Like, is there some other option, right? And so, but that was the answer. And so we exercised faith, we jumped in, and we did it, right? So a week before Black Friday, 2023 we jumped in hard, live streaming on Tiktok, and it literally saved our business, right? The the competition was low, the subsidies were high, and and so it was absolutely amazing for us. Okay? So now, in the last 12 months, we've done a little over a million dollars on Tiktok, 370,000 GMV on lives. Now the attribution I found on livestocks, and so we find that, miraculously, we have like, 40 to 50% like uptick on our sales on the product card side when we go live. So we think there's a significant amount of bleed over there. People find us on lives. They go look at some other videos, reviews, other things, and they're actually purchasing on the product card, okay, so we think the product card, if it was really attributed, right, we'd have higher on the lives and less on the product card, okay, but, and most of that is branded, right? So I started off I was doing, I was doing the lives for the first five months. Okay, all right, okay, so I'm gonna talk about a couple different things, set design, equipment, setup and then deals. Okay, so this is a shot of one of my live streamers. This is Tillman with the star of our show, which is Bill, one of our mannequins. All of our mannequins have names, right? So a lot of live streaming. It's on Tik Tok. It's about entertainment and selling, right? It's different than China. China, sell, sell, sell, sell on. In the US, as far as the live streaming, there's got to be a lot of entertainment going on there. Okay, all right, okay, so the product is the star of the show. Some of you guys may be thinking, hey, maybe I'll do a live stream, but you're too worried about you being the star as the host. The host is not the star. The product is this is the star. Okay, so products should be front and center. So literally, most a lot of people are watching sound off. You got to be able to tell this person what the product or what the Live is about, just from them, like scrolling in there. So they got to be able to see the product. So the product is the star of the show. The host is there to so. Port the product, right? So between the product view and the pin, the flash sale pin that should be doing most of the selling, and the host is there to to support it, okay, all right. So the next piece is depth, right? So you do have some sets that are set up on a POV standpoint. Most of them you're going to actually have seeing a host and and the product. And so one way that you

Speaker  485781:20
provide the sense of depth is actually to shoot into a corner, okay? So it actually makes it look deeper from a perception standpoint. So you'll see a lot of live streams where they're actually shot into a corner, all right? And it also provides a little more space to work with, as far as putting product and things up there, right? And the next thing is, you gotta make it interesting. Now, Tiktok is a raw, organic type platform. Some of you guys are like, Oh, it's got to be polished. It's got to be pretty. Dude. Bennett here sits in his garage with this dingy door in the background, and he sells a butt load of topper mattress toppers, right? Because he stops the scroll, right? He gets people to click in because it's very interesting. It doesn't have to be pretty. Now, one other thing that's happened that Bennett and the ice maker ladies doing you might see these little signs that are handwritten. You're like, Oh, that looks like really kindergarten level, right? Well, the thing is, you guys see so much font, computer generated font, that your brain just ignores it. But when you see some handwritten font, your brain wants to read it, right? And so you can stop people from scrolling just by hand, having handwritten font. So you might think that, Hey, this looks like stupid kind of jenky, like low budget deal, but it's actually part of the deal, right? So you get people that handwritten font, your brain wants to stop clicking just to read it. Now you might get people might just bounce. They'll come in for two seconds and they'll bounce. But you got the click right, and you got a little watch time off of that, and there's a greater chance that, you know, if they, if they just scroll past you, you didn't get them at all, but at least if they came in, there's a chance of picking that up, right? So there's a lot of little tips and tricks that you can you can learn. If so, if you're not a Tiktok native, you need to spend some time just watching live streams. You might see a set that's like, Oh, this looks like a really pretty set. He's got five viewers, right? But then you've got this other dude, like Bennett here, that's, he's got 2500 when I took that screenshot, he had 2500 concurrent viewer viewers in there at that time, right? There's people that might not look like it's super polished, but they're, they're getting viewers and they're getting sales. Okay, all right. So some people might think, Hey, I have to have this, like, $20,000 studio to get started, right? So this is the this is Tillman on the right. This is the view that the person seeing on the live stream. If you look on the left, this is what Tillman seeing. He's in my warehouse. There's boxes. It looks like crap, right? We're low budget, right? We're trying to spend the money where we need it. So let's talk about equipment. The first four to five months I was live streaming, I just used my cell phone, right? I'm using the iPhone and and that's good enough, right? So you just need a high resolution camera, and that was good for us to start. So just start with your phone. Start with the tablet. Now the thing is, if you're using your phone, you gotta be able to read those comments. You gotta be able to engage with the viewers, right? So you either gotta be close enough to it to be able to see the comments, or you gotta cast it up onto a monitor so you can see the comments the next you got to have good sound, right? The sound on your phone is not good enough. I did that for several months, but you lose viewers just off sound. So I just recommend using a lapel mic. If you've got a road that's great. Get a $30 mic, lapel mic, off Tiktok, and that's fine, but make sure you have good sound, because if you turn or something like that, and you're using a cell phone, you're gonna lose sound, okay, all right, and then it's not bent, okay? Lighting, so if you don't have good lights, just start off with some ring lights, right? So the point is, just start fast. You don't have to be expensive. Just start. Just start fast. Start cheap. Go, go to Walmart, Amazon, get some ring lights. You know, I, after a little bit, I went to a little more expensive lights, and I've got a little better, lighting now, but the key is just start. Okay, all right. So this is the dashboard, live stream dashboard. We're going to talk about some of the metrics. It's really important to understand the algorithm. I apologize. I'm talking fast. I'm trying to get through this and really shove it all down your throat. Okay, so you need to understand how the algorithm works for the live streams, because it's different than posts. All right, okay, so the first 15 minutes of your live stream is absolutely critical, okay? And so when I used to start my lives, I'd be like, Okay, let's give people a few more minutes to kind of join. I totally just wasted the beginning of the lives, right? So you want to start off at the beginning and just hit it really, really hard. Because the thing is, the algorithm is going to do different pushes. It's going to do a one minute push, a three minute push, five minute push, 10 minute push, 15 minute push. And so they're going to push traffic to you based upon your engagement, right? So as soon as you start going live, you're going to, it's going to start scoring you based off your engagement. It's comments, it's shares, it's GMV, right? Those watch time, those things are feeding into the score. And if you're scoring, well, then you're going to get another push, right? Or you're going to get a higher push it at, you know, a three minute, than a five minute. And so you want to be doing different things to drive engagement. So you see Tillman here, he's got our mannequin, hoss. You see the name giveaway thing. So again, people are watching sound off a lot of times. You have to be able to signal to them exactly what's going on in the live when they when they come in, right? So as somebody, as soon as somebody, so. Scrolls past here. They're like, oh, there's a giveaway. They know they're a giveaway. There's a giveaway because there's a sign telling that we're doing a giveaway. Okay, so we're just gonna give away the set. Okay, the set that we're doing the flash sale, and we've got a pin, so we're doing a flash sale right, right from the beginning, they know what the product is. We can talk about it. And we're saying, Hey, you got to guess my aunt's my third aunt's middle name, or something like that. Right? To drive comments. And so we're just getting people to guess, guess, guess, drive comments to drive that engagement. Okay? And so now hopefully they're, they're they're sharing. And, you know, we do get some purchases on that, but that first 15 minutes is is absolutely Kat key. Do not waste that. So we found, with a lot of our lives, we have a hard time getting actually above that 15 minute peak, right? So you're almost like setting your max at that 15 minute mark, 15 to 20 minute mark, and then you're just trying to hold, you're trying to hold that traffic. There's some times that we can during the live, we can boost that up. Maybe we get a big GMV, we get a bunch of sales on a deal, and we can boost that up. But for the most part, like we're trying to just, we're trying to peak up there, and then just hold that traffic through the live. This is my longest live. I did five and a half hours straight on Prime Day last year. So it was a marathon session. I had to use the bathroom, had to cut it off after a while, but that first 15 minutes is absolutely key. Okay, all right. So comments, shares, watch time, GMV and a room rate. Those are the most important. Likes do not matter, okay, likes, it's different than posts on posts. You get likes on flat on live streams, you can sit there spam liking things, right? So there's really, it doesn't do any doesn't do any good. Now, sometimes you might see a live stream where somebody will say, hey, if we get to 100,000 likes, we're going to do a giveaway, right? And so the where that's the benefit, where that's a benefit for you, is just to keep them in the live right? So that's increasing the watch time. So if you can get them to sit there and spam like because they're trying to get, you know, two minutes from now, you can get a giveaway. So you're just increasing watch time, and then hopefully you can, you can stretch them out through the through the giveaway, right? And so you're just trying to increase watch time, so the likes themselves do not really matter, but you increase in increasing watch time, and hopefully shares, and then driving more more traffic there. Okay, so as far as and a little bit of this was talk talked about earlier, but as far as your pricing, so really important that you have FOMO, you have urgency, and you have a great deal, right? So you see, with this particular example, it's a live exclusive deal. And so this is only on Tiktok that you can get it here. There's only four left. So this is a flash sale. You limited quantity flash sale only four left, and four minutes and 30 seconds. We're typically doing our flash sales five to 15 minutes, as far as the flash sale goes, and then you've got to have a good deal on the price. So the way that we do our pricing is we set our list price the same as Amazon, and then we would do a sale price, which is effectively the same as the Amazon sale price. And then we do our flash sales, they're actually, actually below that. Because our fees are lower on Tiktok, we can give a better deal on Tiktok. Now, there are some times we'll do a lost leader in order to goose that GMV. So maybe to start a live or if it's lagging alive, we'll do something where we're gonna do three units at a loss leader to try to goose the GMV and kind of get things kick kick started again. Okay, all right. So most important set. So your product is the key, your host depth and make it interesting, your equipment, you probably already have most of it already. Just just start. But try to start simple and then learn from it. Understand the algorithm right your comment shares, view duration, GMV and and the room rate. And then, of course, on the deal side, FOMO, urgency. And, most importantly, just start. You guys. A lot of you guys are your brand designers, your product designers. You know the product better than anybody, right? So you can sell it better. You can sell it better than anybody. You just have the confidence to actually get in front of a camera and just sell a lot of you just freaking out, hey, I can never do that. Well, I didn't think I could do that either, right? But the thing is, with the live streaming, like it's not like it's saved anywhere, if you suck, it's like 10 people in Wisconsin that saw you. Okay, great, right? Nobody even saw you. It just disappears, right? So it's different than a post, and so is this gonna be embarrassing? I don't wanna be an influencer, right? So the thing is, like, you can go and build relationships with your community via Tiktok and the live streams that you can't do in any other way, right? So I have people that join the live streams, and they're talking directly to the designer, right? The brand owner. That's something that a lot of Chinese sellers or foreign sellers can't, can't do, right? And so when you're on there, you're building community so much. I have a moderator, a guy that's helped moderated my stuff. I live in Wichita, Kansas. He's driven from Minneapolis twice because he wants to come hang out in the studio and moderate live. He does it on his long weekend, right? And so we've been able to build relationships with customers and connections with them. And also affiliates. Some of our best affiliates came through because they found us on a live right? And so and so we have affiliates that are missionaries versus mercenaries. Most affiliates are mercenaries, right? So our best affiliates are missionaries, because they bought it, they found us on a live they bought the product, and they absolutely love it, and then they want to go out and push it. So I would just encourage you to just start learn and then iterate, and then, if God tells you to go and do something, it's really important to exercise faith and don't exercise fear, and just go and do it. You.

Speaker  640960:00
All right. Now we have the last 10 minutes of this panel, which is going to be Q and A. I'm going to kick one off, because I think this is a good one. And I think Alex, I'm going to throw this question to you. There's a common misconception that on Tiktok, only consumables can survive. I mean, you have hard goods. I've seen you sell some weird stuff on Tiktok. So can you tell people what kind of products? I mean, I think that's the most, biggest fear people have.

Speaker  648517:20
Yeah, actually, I was talking about this earlier. That same question got brought like, what, what is, are there certain products that are better for Tiktok? And I think as as we as Tiktok evolves and gets more popular for shopping, every product will be able to be sold on Tiktok in the beginning. Yeah, consumables was a lot more popular, but now you're seeing more and more physical products. I mean, I think in the top 10 products right now, according to Kalida, only three or four of them are supplements. For the most part, they're their physical products. So if your product is demonstratable, and a video could be made, if you have a product and you have a video on your Amazon listing, it can be on Tiktok and

Speaker  659952:00
you think the virtual bundles is a strategy to increase your because I know you need the margin, right, or what's the price point. Yeah,

Speaker  661605:20
yeah. So the to the point that was made just now, how about GMV? Like, the better GMV, the better your your video will do, or your live will do. Virtual bonus will help boost that GMB. So just take three random products, or not random, but three products that could be virtual to try to get, like, $100 sale that will help anybody

Speaker  667898:40
want to add anything to that or

Speaker  668234:40
so, maybe you have a bit of a question. I was talking to somebody earlier about virtual bundles, and they asked about multi buy coupons. Could that do the same thing? Yeah, I

Speaker  670538:40
haven't played around with multi buy coupons on lives. I am testing it on shop, but on lives? No, I haven't, haven't played around with that yet, but I'd imagine in work. So

Speaker  673632:00
one thing I would add, I have, my main brand is in supplements, but I do have a smaller, much smaller brand in the pet space, and started putting some attention on that about a month ago. The numbers aren't close to the same, but we're up to 10,000 a month with about one month of work. So I think different categories will perform different but it can probably work for a lot of different categories. There's a member in the group who was asking me, Luke had the same belief, and he's the card collectible, you know, card protectors, I guess you would call them. And you know, quick search on Cal OData showed that his competitor was doing about $30,000 a month on something that wasn't close to a supplement, and that was a few months ago, so I will certainly echo what Alex said. All right,

Speaker  685290:40
let's take a question from the room. Who's got an exciting question that was a hand over there.

Speaker  687386:40
Hello. Thank you guys. First of all, my question, and it's kind of two questions about combine them into one. Question is, how much do you guys see Tiktok live as a priority, and like your overall Tiktok strategy? Jace, I noticed that you were doing like 40k a month on lives when you do like 800k over on Tiktok. So it's still a small part of your overall Tiktok sales. And then the second part of that, and with that is, I feel like Tiktok videos, you see this, like, off Tiktok brand halo effect on Amazon pretty clearly, like a video goes viral. You see those brand stores, come on Amazon, Alex, you mentioned that you're just seeing a halo effect on lives. So far, when we're doing lives, we do like, probably, like 10 ish, k a week on lives, pretty big, but we definitely do not see the same halo effect coming off the lives. Like, when you go live, we go live on Fridays. We do not see an associate lift in Amazon sales on Fridays because of that live that we do see even, like, a video going viral. So both like, yeah, how much of it is lives a priority in Tiktok strategy, and also like, how are you measuring that brand halo effect is the same as videos on Tiktok Yeah.

Speaker  705200:00
So let me, let me kind of clarify what I meant by the halo effect of live. So we all know that Tiktok shop has a clear halo effect on Amazon. The live component has a halo effect on your Tiktok shop. So the more lives you see, the more creators are doing lives, the better their shoppable video is going to do. So in order to so you want to do everything you can and make sure your Tiktok shop is successful. Being having 30% of your sales on Live is a part of that. So the halo effect for lives is within shop, and then shop has a hail effect on Amazon. I hope that clears that up. Yeah, but you're right. You won't a shop like that. That screenshot you showed us with 2.5 2500 that's a that's a huge lie. That's a lot of people, but that's nothing compared to a 5 million post, right? 5 million? Do you post? Yeah, so you're not going to see a halo effect on Amazon off of just one live,

Speaker  721632:00
yeah, we used to see a lot higher halo effect a year ago, like, we saw a 50 to 80% uplift in our Amazon branded search when we would go live, because people were just not as comfortable buying on Tiktok at the time. I don't want the Chinese government have my credit card and, like, they already have it. But the you know, it's not like it. But now a lot more people are just comfortable buying on Tiktok. So we don't see as much uplift. Now, you do seed your GMV ads, right? So, so as people click into the live that may be the introduction. So for us, they we introduce them, the brand, the product, and then then the retargeted with the GMV ads. And so we see increased efficiency on the on the ad side in Tiktok, and we still see a decent uplift on our Shopify branded search on Google.

Speaker  733274:40
And to speak to your first question, obviously, for us, it has not been a big focus. I think q4 for us, you know, just it was so explosive. And so our goal in q1 one was to really start to rebuild our supply chain for this level of scale. And then also working, we built the in house team. We had a guy from Tiktok and doing that whole thing. So you can only do so much, right? We sort of think in 90 day buckets. And so for us, q2 is really the quarter where we start to push into it to try to get to that 30% mark. Yeah.

Speaker  741232:00
I mean, just think Jason had those numbers without really even doing anything right, like he just had such a huge team of affiliates, and some of them were going off and doing lives on their own. Ike was kind of seeing the same thing as far as the percentage of overall sales. And then Eugene hits me up. Says, Hey, you gotta do this talk. And I'm like, All right, let me double down. And I was able to 5x it. So now I'm like, this needs to be huge. The

Speaker  746661:20
guy that's actually Jared is actually crushing it. These guys are still

Speaker  747322:40
learning. Yeah, we're still learning.

Speaker  748026:40
We're all learning here, good question. Nate over here. Brandon, stand up. So no,

Speaker  750490:40
I'm surprised how you know everybody's name. But, uh,

Speaker  751450:40
surprised you know my name. So earlier in the talk, you were talking about how you were paying $15 an hour, like 30 hours a week. Generally, from the whole panel here, are y'all finding the best results on, like, an hourly wage? Are you kind of doing a mix of commissions, or have you really shift more to just a commission focused and like, when you're going from zero to 100 like, I have a premium product. Creators could be making $30 a pop for every single sale that they're making at like a 20% commission, but it's like selling the hope that it's like going from zero to 100 whenever I have a brand that's struggling to just get a couple of sales on Tiktok, and so I've just kind of focused more on Instagram, because that pushes more traffic to my I found more success there. So I'm wondering, like, how you can and maybe the hourly is a good place to start, right is to, like, start people off on hourly so they make the money up front. But I'm wondering what your suggestion is.

Speaker  765994:40
Yeah, I was in a pretty fortunate spot to where he had kind of already proven himself he so I had seen the numbers, and it made sense for me to kind of just lock them in and encourage them. Hey, don't worry about any other brands. Just do my brand only for now. So it was a maybe that's what you can look for. Maybe just see who's already somewhat successful and reach out to them and let them know. Like, hey, if you were to do 30 hours instead of the five that you're doing now, you would crush it. I'll even sweet in the pot for you and give you $15 an hour. Start off with just one right now. He's still my only hourly guy. I only have a team of seven right now doing this every day. But eventually, when I can get my logistics figured out as well, I'll pay as many freaking people as I can to do this, if the numbers make sense.

Speaker  777717:20
So are you only paying hourly right now, or you have commissions as well? No,

Speaker  778762:40
no. So everybody's gonna be on commission no matter what, like just if they're a creator, and they get a sale on their live, they're gonna get a commission. There's really, really tricky to try to lower someone's commission. If they're hourly, the hourly is just to sweeten the pot, and it's their base. Yeah, get people on board. Get people to give it a try. A lot of people won't work out. But if they know there's 15 bucks an hour to give it 10 hours, maybe they'll give it a shot. My

Speaker  785472:00
internal live streamers, I'm $20 an hour in their 5% commission, right? So that's when they're doing branded when they're streaming on the branded account, flat fee, or $20 plus 5% but they also have their affiliate accounts as well, so they're streaming on their own time and so then they just get straight commission. They get 20% commission on their own time stream. I like that. Nice. Yeah. I

Speaker  790405:20
think there are different models. When you think broadly, not just live. You know, there are some that are hourly plus commission, there are some that are just commission. If you're going through open and target collab, we have some in house where we do retainer right, where we're paying a monthly retainer plus commission. I think there's different ways to do it, and you might have to test a few to see what works for you. But to speak to your other point about I don't quite have the traction yet, two things that might help. One is, I assume you're established on GDC or Amazon or something like that, so as you're doing outreach, I will lean into that you know, your established sales on other channels, and just kind of position it as renewed to Tiktok shop we're. Looking for, you know, looking for this to take off, that can work really well, even if you're using, like a bot outreach, put that in like the first line. Something else, though, is seeding your listing. And, you know, there are a number of ways to do this, but if you can drive some friends and family buys, or, you know, discounted buys, all the things that used to work on Amazon back in the day, that was something that really helped us when we when we got moving back in q4 exceeding the listing, first, getting reviews, first, and then starting Outreach.

Speaker  807525:20
Well, thank you guys. This is really great. So you know, unlike other events, our wonderful speakers will be around to network with you through the rest of the day. But I really want to thank you guys. You did fantastic this.
