Mogul Call with hasan & Dave
Date: January 10, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Cool. Oh, look who made it in time. Man, Katie told me not to take the car out. I'm

Speaker  1600:00
like, it's a Tesla. Come on, I can handle it. I didn't factor in all the other cars that would get abandoned on the roads, making things really difficult. So

Speaker  3808:00
no worries, man, you want me to kick it off? Yeah, let's

Speaker  5088:00
go welcome

Speaker  5509:20
everyone, and we'll hand it over to Hassan. We want to get we want to get in give you guys as much value as possible today. So let's go.

Speaker  7141:20
Alright, perfect. Let me just make sure I share the right screen. Are you guys seeing a presentation? Yep. Okay, I'm just, how do I start the presentation?

Speaker  10565:20
Top right, Slideshare. Stop, right.

Speaker  11626:40
Oh, slideshow. There we go. All right, so I'm gonna keep it. I made it super tactical, so presentation is not very complex, but I'm gonna try to talk about as much as what we've done in the past and what you have to think about. So the main goal is, essentially, how do you get to a million dollar Facebook ads funnel. I always tell people when I'm talking about Facebook ads, I was like, You guys are one funnel away from hitting a million dollars, potentially ten million that the funnel is strong enough. And so I think people get caught up on like the brand, the website, all that stuff. And all I care about is, how do you get to a million dollar Facebook ads funnel? So why Listen to me, me and Dave have spent $4 million on medicine since 2020 most of it has gone to our hero skew. For those of you don't know me, our hero SKU is a board game called trek international parks. You can find it on Amazon. And we've spent about $3 million just on that one product. And we sold about 600 to 700,000 copies of that product, and we hit number one, best number one bestseller in board games multiple times. And to be honest, if i had to rate our capabilities as a team, we're like a solid five or six on Amazon, but we're like an eight or nine on Facebook ads. I've really built my Amazon business off of Facebook ads, rather than focusing on Amazon itself. On top of that, last year, we went viral with the Tiktok water bottle. It's a national parks water bottle. This is a purple version of that water bottle right here. And we sold about 10,000 bottles on Tiktok in 2024 and then we sold about another 15 to 20,000 on Amazon and Shopify. And I'll talk about at the end of this how Amazon Shopify and Tiktok all work together. So key thing to remember about Facebook ads, this is very, very important. It's demand generation instead of demand capture. So the reason you should care, the reason it's important to you, is that scaling demand capture is hard, because you have to either get win on more keywords or create new products, scaling on demand. Generation. It's not necessarily easier, but it's more feasible. Because essentially, if you get a funnel that works, the goal is you just add a zero at the end of that ad spend, you go from 1000 to 10,000 like that's the goal, and then you are just scaling at an exponential rate that doesn't quite exist on Amazon in the same way. So you can scale demand generation easier than you can scale demand capture. You can it will help you rank on Amazon, and you can actually just create your own category of product. And that's obviously the most sustainable, not the most sustainable, but it's one of the best ways to not have competition, right? Something that's important. A lot of what I talk about might not work for everyone here. You guys already know this. I assume. If you've thought about Facebook ads, you guys might be thinking, this doesn't work for our products. You probably are right. However, it's still good for you to know for two reasons. One, you might have an opportunity to create a product that might not work on Amazon, maybe it will work on meta, right? So when you're thinking about product ideation, and when you're thinking about new categories and new launches, maybe you're opened up more to potential new products because of meta in a way that maybe you the keywords might not make sense on Amazon. So it's still good for you to understand, it's still good for you to know everything I'm talking about today. Preemptive FAQ, your website sucks. I don't care. All that matters is a landing page. I don't look at our homepage. Dave doesn't look at the homepage. We probably don't look at it. We probably over not look at it. We probably should look at it more. But all that matters is the landing page. We build our landing pages on repo. This is gonna, this is gonna surprise people. Our landing pages don't even connect to our website. So if you go to our landing pages, there's no header, there's no footer, you can't get to the website unless you actually just change the unless you like, delete the last part of the URL. So I don't care what your website looks like, you might you could not even have a website for all I care. But as long as long as you have the domain name and you're set up on Shopify, you can just make a landing page. We use repo for our landing pages. That's why I recommend Facebook campaign setup. Ignore all the other stuff. Target everyone. Lowest cost. Keep it simple. If you have a customer list, you can give that, give it to them as a suggestion. But like those are the two biggest things. Ignore the website. Ignore the brand. Just make. The landing page. Alright, so million dollar funnel on Facebook ads. People always talk about creative people always talk about landing pages. The key thing that you have to solve for first, before you think about that, is the offer. So I have a tip here, very important again. I repeat this because how often this comes up in conversation, I don't care what your brand is. I don't care what your product catalog is. I don't care how many SKUs you have. You just need an offer and a funnel for one product or a bundle of products, and that's what you're focused on, right? Like, I don't like, I don't really, don't care what your website is. It's just this, is this product Good? Can this product work in a Facebook ads funnel? And you can scale up that funnel in that product. That product right now could be doing like one, like 20k a year, because you're not ranking on Amazon. But if it were for Facebook ads, it could become a $3 million product, right like, if we relied on Amazon ranking for our games, I'd have a 200k business. And it wouldn't matter, because I don't rank for anything on Amazon. For the most part, we drive all of our demand generation ourselves. So it's the individual product, or the individual Bundler products, that I care about. And the question you're trying to answer is, out of my out of the products I either can make right now, I'm sorry I'm making right now, or maybe I can make with my factory. Which of those products is going to lead me to a funnel that can scale profitably? What's the offer itself? So offer usually has to have some sort of discount. Generally, you want to be able to offer some sort of discount. And then you have to think about, is it an individual product that's above $40 $40 is really the minimum some products I've seen at 35 but we do $40 and we're on the very low scale of that. So I would do minimum 40. Or if you can combine a bundle into around 40 to $50 that works too. And the math is super simple. I mean, you guys know this. You guys also on E commerce. You guys are all sellers on Amazon. Cost per acquisition has to be less than or equal to the contribution margin of the first order. So wherever the profit on the first order is, the cost per acquisition has to be less than that. Or if you have an LTV, you have to calculate out what you think your LTV is, and your cost per acquisition has to be less than the overall profit of your all TV I'll go into a little bit more of like ways you can fuck around with that, but that's the key. So if you take nothing else on this call, just what is the product I'm going to launch on Facebook ads that I can build a million dollar funnel on, and then everything else goes out the window. I'm building creative landing page offer for that one product, and that's all I care about. This is our offer. We just do a flat 20% off. This is the this is not the full landing page, but this is like the buy box or the product block of our landing page. So that's our board game check national parks. We do a 20% off our ao, our first order is closer to $50 because once they add to cart, we have upsells and post purchase. I'll go into that a little bit later, but, yeah, 20% off, that's our offer, and it is cheaper than you can get on Amazon. That's why we get we tend to get checkouts on our website, all right, this is another strategic thing that it's also, I think, for Amazon people sometimes they don't understand, okay, when you scale on meta, it's not linear, right? So on Amazon, if you increase PPC spend by 20% your sales go up by 20% or, you know, hopefully 40% if you rank for another keyword, your sales go by X amount. Okay, the world of demand generation, that doesn't happen if, if my, the best example I can give is, if I'm advertising my board game and my cost per acquisition is 35 to $40 I sell zero games, because that's I'm just losing money on every single game I can sell. I sell zero if my cost per acquisition drops to $30 I might sell 10,000 games. If my cost per acquisition drops to $20 I'm selling 100,000 games, right? Because if the unit economics start getting better, the ability to scale, it's not linear, it's exponential, all right? And that's why demand generation is so powerful. And it's like you, if you lower your CPA by 30% your sales might increase by 3x by 300% because your unit economics makes sense, you can spend way, way more. Of course, as you spend more, there's diminishing return. Facebook has a hard time getting the same sales for the same cost. But it is important to understand sales can be exponential. They're not linear. So when you really think about these improvements and these iterations, there's real ability to scale outside on meta that doesn't exist on Amazon.

Speaker  155098:40
Okay, so super simple. There are the ways to lower. I probably should put this a little bit later, but the ways to lower cost per acquisition, this is all you're focused on. It's better ads, better landing page, better offer, better product, right? So the whole funnel exists. You're trying to make better creative. You're trying to. Improve your landing page. You're trying to, you know, get a better offer that might convert people more, or, in some cases, your product might not be good enough, right? And that's what you're thinking about. On the other end of the scale, increasing contribution margin. You're bundling products together, or you're offering discounts for quantity upsells in card post purchase upsells. These are all like relatively simple in the world Shopify. I'm sorry if it's too much language, but, like, I'm not trying to, I'm trying to keep it more higher level. So you bundle all your products together, so maybe it's a set of six for $40 instead of one for $10 and that is what allows you to sell on ads and then, or LTV. I don't work on LTV. This is all relatively simpler stuff, so I'm not going to focus on it. But LTV, you just want to get better retention or and a good way to do that is free gifts. If anyone has LTV, you can talk to me after, I'll talk about that. But some examples of this. This is soap and this is new brand that came out recently. They just talked about the marketing operators. I really like their website, so I use this example. So if you look, this is a $7 bar of soap. Now, on most situations, a $7 bar soap is not going to work profitably on a Facebook ads funnel, but you can see they do a group of four for $28 now, $28 is still relatively lower, but they're also banking on an LTV play here, and their cost per acquisition is lower because they're working with a celebrity. That's a great way to reduce cost per acquisition is work with a celebrity. But yeah, this is a perfect example of a bundle that takes a $7 product turns into a $28 product. Different sense is a good way to do that. Combine them all you have higher AOV. This is this example Ridge wallet. Everyone knows rich, but the what I the reason I'm pointing this one out here is this, you guys see this air attack cash strap. I believe they said that they have like a 20% opt in rate on this air attack cash strap. And so this is what you call an on page upsell. So you take their AOV, their OB is, like their regular wallets, like 95 but then you're increasing about like five to $10 here. And again, I remember, everything is exponential. So if you increase your AOV by $10 you might increase sales by 40% 30% right? Every extra dollar in AOV is exponential. Every reduction in CPA is exponential

Speaker  196912:00
around the house somewhere. So I could definitely use an ad tag. There

Speaker  197733:20
you go. Yeah, there's one of the better ones I've seen on an on page upsell. You don't see those too often. The other ones are common. When you add to cart, there's a bunch of products post purchase, there's a bunch of products. Great examples of that. Okay? Step two, the landing page. So you have the offer, right? You have the product that you want to pick, and you've decided this is X product I'm going to sell for $60 it's 20% off of what I normally offer. And now I'm going to build a landing page. I don't want to spend the call talking about how to design landing pages. That is just not a good use of time. So I'll try to keep it super simple. The Art of landing page, you're going to use repo. That's the software we use. We like it. It's really great. Then you're going to test with Intel gems. And then you're going to do that for the rest of your life. You have a business, you are going to design more landing pages, you're going to test it, you're going to iterate and analyze. Then you're going to repeat that forever. You you, we've designed probably 40 plus pages of tracking the national parks with our designer. You just have to keep iterating and repeat that forever, because you're just always trying to increase CBR in here, there's a link Dave has made a case a notion doc that shows what you should analyze on the page using like he like Microsoft clarity, which is completely for free. And that's like, you just use that, and you just keep iterating forever. Now, what are you iterating? You are trying to figure out, you know, I mean, it's, it's marketing. Are you trying to you're trying to do marketing. You're trying to figure out what's going to capture their attention above the fold. You're trying to figure out the language, and you're trying to figure out what you can put on the page that's really going to compel the customer to buy, right? It's no different than your Amazon listing, and I think the skills really translate over Well, I actually think a lot of Amazon people would be better at landing pages than estimated, because you spend so much time thinking about your main images on your listing. Just take those same skills that you have and translate them over to landing pages. It will work. Intelligence is a tool where you just put two landing pages, like in the same test, and then it will just split the traffic between them. So you spend $1,000 it will split the traffic between them. It will tell you which one converts higher. If you go out a year and you're like, all right, and you really have to commit to this. That's one of the things that's important. You will fail if you do a couple of tests like, you have to go all in on this, and you have to commit because it will be your third or fourth landing page that works, and that might be three or four months from now, and you might be 20k in and that sucks. But if it works again, exponential in. Crease. So it will split the it will split the traffic, and then it will test tell you which one's better. Okay, now you have a winning one. Try to beat that test again. Try to beat that test again. Just keep going. So some of our landing pages, I'll just gonna give you some guys, some quick examples. This is our water bottle landing page that we this is the one that blew up on Tiktok. Simple. I mean, it's really just blocks. Like I said, this was all designed in repo. We actually input the Tiktok videos in here. I don't know if this is best practice or not. We haven't quite figured that out yet. We don't do a ton with video on page yet. This is our trek international parks page that works. You guys are seeing the pages right? Almost I can't see what I'm sharing. Okay, this is attracting the national park space at work. This is the, you know, this is the page we probably spent over a million dollars to. And then you can see, if I click add to cart here, boom, there's the upsells. And if I go through checkout, I also have post purchase upsells. And we have a pretty good they

Speaker  255722:40
spend a million dollars on ads to that page, yeah,

Speaker  256400:00
yeah, yeah. We probably spent more honestly and like this page also, like, changes a little bit constantly. We're always improving it. It's a nice page, but I will say, like, it is very possible to do this isn't like rocket science. This is a new landing page that we created that started working last year, also, also so important, so important. Don't look at it on your desktop. Look at it on your phone. For the love of God, design on your phone. 90% of traffic will be mobile. Every one makes a mistake and they design on desktop. You have to be focused on mobile. So, yeah, relatively straightforward. We do template, we do templatize A lot, but we're always, we're always trying to improve, right? We're making brand new pages this week. We're making brand new pages next week. We're never going to stop making more landing pages, and we're never gonna stop making more creative. Okay, so you have your offer and you have your landing pages, then you have to think about creative. Creative is hard that there's just no way around it. Creative is probably the hardest part of this process, and once you have some level of success, you then have to think about how to create a you then have to think about how to do a creative flywheel. But we're not worried about that right now. Fuck the flywheel. We're trying to get to get to a million dollars. If you want to get to a million dollars, there's really three solutions. You either film yourself, which I think is super underrated, on your first first Facebook ad, funnel, our when we started the company in 2018 a lot of you guys knew me back then. You guys remember when I launched the product. We did it via Dave was in my kitchen. I had my other employee, Charlie, in my kitchen, and we filmed all day, and we launched it on our Shopify website for sale, for pre order. We didn't, I didn't even have the goods yet, for like, another three months, and we sold 250k on pre order with an ad that we made in our kitchen on my cell phone. And for a long time that was our best ad. It's no longer our best ad. But, you know, we got to a million dollar funnel within very quickly, like we that's the funnel we ran the for the next year and a half. And that was a, you know, multi million dollar funnel that we made in my kitchen, right? But how else do you get creative? Join brands. Join brands actually does work really well. Or you can use any UGC agency. Or if you have customers already, you ask them to film videos. The thing about joint brands, though, is like, you're gonna one. I do think it's helpful if you give them a good brief. We just use notion. We just write out, like the real important part of a Facebook ad is always gonna be the first five seconds. So like, that's really what you spend all your time on. Is like helping creators trying to figure out what the first five seconds should look like. There's mixed depending on the type of product you have. If you have a product that a lot of people already know how to make videos around, then like, you could just give it to them and they'll know we make board games. Most creators don't really know how to film board games, so we do give them more direction. But the other thing is, like the real the power of joining brands comes now you have 20 videos. Go in and edit them right? Like combine I mash them up. We just, we just mash them up a little bit, and then you have a lot of success. And then we'll talk about Tiktok. I know everyone's always excited about Tiktok. I'll get to Tiktok in a couple of minutes, but I'll give you some examples. So let me see. I don't think I ever actually managed to find

Speaker  311253:20
there we go. All right. This is one that Dave actually made. This is in his house, ignoring the sound. It's just his kitchen table. It's an unboxing. These subtitles, there's a program called Adobe Premiere Pro, $50 a month. This thing, it took me, like, an hour or two to figure out exactly how to get it. I can do subtitles in 10 seconds. You just press a button and it auto generates all the subtitles you might have to fix a mistake here or two, and you just, like, move them to the right spot, add the black outline. Like, add. After working on like an hour for it, you can create those subtitles in literally, 25 to 30 seconds, like, boom, Subtitles created. Yeah. So Dave filmed this video in house. This video does pretty well. And then we have, this is a joint brands video that I added the subtitles to after a couple of editing super simple. You can see that's 330 shares. This crushed for us in December. We the funny thing about this one when I say editing. So she gave me this video. Video was great. Her voice. I wanted to kill her. It was so bad. So I took the audio of another join bands creator, put it in this video, and just kept the video, and that's all I needed to do. It's not hard, like, I don't know how to video edits on Thanksgiving Day. I worked during Thanksgiving Day because I don't celebrate Thanksgiving. I spent eight hours editing videos just because I was like, I want to learn how to do this. Not hard, very easy to do. You just pull it together. It really, like, it really is fast. But yeah, I took one join brands, one person took their audio, took this person's video, put it together, crushed on meta. It's doing really well. This is from Tiktok. So the other like, so we'll get to Tiktok in a second. We talk about creative. We just pull the videos from Tiktok and start writing them in his ads. And like we we really crushed with those two. Something I'll talk about is the CPMs from Tiktok. Like, when I take native Tiktok videos and put them on meta, the CPMs are crazy. So our main track in the National Park videos that, you know, we spend a lot of money on, they'll get like 15, $20 CPMs. So many new products will get like $35 CPMs. The Tiktok, the videos that we pull from Tiktok, because, like, Tiktok has already told us they're they engage. Well, we get like, five to $10 CPMs, like, it's crazy, because they're good videos, right? Like, you learn the creators are good. Tiktok has already verified that the content is addicting and hook. It has a good hook. We pull them in, like, it's, it's absolutely nuts. How low the CPMs are for this bottle. We haven't quite got the page quite right the way we want to, but the minute we do, it's gonna just keep it's gonna keep exploding, because the video content, we have unlimited video content coming in for the bottle. This is the video that originally went viral. That's one of the Tiktok videos. And this is just another joint brands video that and I combined the I combined. The reason I had this on here is this is the video I originally had. I combined the opening hook of this video with the rest of this video. A little bit yeah, apple plus Yeah, apple plus. Do a command plus Yeah. There we go. Yeah. That's good. There you go. So I just combined the first three seconds of the other video and mixed it with this video, just because I went on to play around with the hooks of the videos. So like I said, super simple editing. This is not complex. If you get, if you get 30 joint brands videos, just get into Adobe Premiere Pro kind of shift things around, mash them up if you want, or hire a video editor. Either one's up to you, but those are really the fastest ways. If we're talking about the fastest ways to get creative, it's film yourself, join brands, Tiktok over time. What you're trying to do is you build relationships with creators. So now we break we pay creators $150 a video, $120 a video, full usage rights, that's what, and that's how you get a fly wheel. But let me talk about Tiktok specifically. So there's something very powerful. Everyone's talking about Tiktok shop, right? Tiktok shop is great all this that I actually don't think that's the most powerful thing about Tiktok. I think what people are really sleeping on is that it's the greatest engine to get creatives ever made, ever in history, if you generate some sales on so you reach out to creators on Tiktok, and hopefully you start generating some sales. I mean, how to generate those sales? I'm not going to get into today. There's a million videos on that. You guys got to figure it out. It's a new platform. But let's say you start generating some sales on Tiktok. Okay, now what you have so join brands cost $100 per video, or $50 per video, whatever it is, right? Making your own videos cost your time. Paying creators cost time. But what doesn't cost time is hundreds of creators reaching out to you for the right to make a video. Fuck it's fucking amazing. Like all you have to do is just get some traction on Tiktok. And you have all these people that are coming in, and they're making videos for you for free, and then Tiktok is testing those videos, right? Like Tiktok is putting those videos into the world, and your general you're seeing what videos work and what don't Great. Then all you do is you pull them back in. You take those best videos from Tiktok, pull them back into your meta campaigns, and those are our best. Those are our best converting meta campaigns like it's it's an incredibly harmonious relationship between Tiktok and meta ads. You do have to get permission. I don't remember how we get permission. We have an agency that handles it for us, but there's a million ways that you. You can also just offer like, 100 bucks, and most of them will say yes, but that's the beauty of it. I'm gonna connect it to Amazon in a minute, but Tiktok to meta ads. That pairing incredible. It's the most powerful thing I've seen in E commerce, and it's made creative so much easier. Will it be around in 10 days? I don't know, but if it is really, think about how you can use Tiktok to even sell more on your website. Okay, now this is, this is kind of our, like, hidden hack that we've done for years. I haven't told many people about this, but a lot more people are talking about the deals pages these days, so I feel like the secrets out. And so the deals page. It's the second most visited page on Amazon. It's outside of the home page. Like people really sleep on this. It's when you go to amazon.com and you search deals, people are just sleeping on the fact that a lot of people navigate that way when Cyber Monday comes, like every time we hit best seller, it's because we just go absolute hardcore on deals. When Cyber Monday comes around or Black Friday comes around, or just when you're doing the best deal for the week, any big holiday periods, etc, there is a real harmonious relationship where, if you're using Shopify to test funnels, right, you're seeing what generates sales, you will know what landing pages work and what creatives work, because if you test it to Amazon, I mean, the data is too slow. It doesn't meta is not getting that data back right. Meta does not get that data back from Amazon to disconvert it. So if you just run a Facebook ads funnel that goes from Facebook ads to your website to Amazon, and then pull that and then, you know, we call it a custom conversion, like when they click through, it counts as a conversion. The page might not be as good as you think, the creative might not be as good as you think, because meta doesn't get that signal back from Amazon. But if you already have a funnel that works on Shopify, right? You are running this creative and you are running this landing page to your website, and you are generating sales. You already know that it works, right? So when you point that to Amazon, will it be exactly the same? No, of course not. Maybe it's more expensive on Amazon, whatever. But the fact is, you're validating that the landing page works and the creative works on your website, and then you're sending it to Amazon. We see, like during Cyber Monday, like we saw a two and a half X, like, 2.1 2.25x from meta to Amazon using attribution, Amazon attribution, I think Amazon attribution under it, like under Reports, like, I don't think it's capturing all those sales. It knows all the sales that come in. And also, like, you know, maybe people see the ad go to Amazon, but then they go on their phone whole lots of stuff, right? So when you during deals, what we do is Black Friday. Deal starts and seven, we blast traffic to Amazon through the landing page. So we just take the landing page that we have actually, Dave, if you can pull up a link to one of our Amazon pages and put it in the chat. So it's just a duplicate. We just literally duplicate our landing page that we have on Shopify the links. Instead of saying Add to Cart. Just say, buy on Amazon to Amazon attribution links, and then we run, we just duplicate the Facebook campaign. We set up what's called a custom conversion. This is probably the most complex part of this process, but it is easy to figure out you just hire someone on Fiverr, so that meta counts the click to Amazon as a conversion.

Speaker  458789:20
Yeah, yeah. We saw a 2.25x during deals, and then we scaled that to 10s of 1000s of dollars. Well, we, I think last year, we spent 10 to 15k on Cyber Monday, from Facebook ads to our Amazon page. And then you're also talking about then, like, 15 to 20, I probably, yeah, 20,000 clicks, I guess half 10,000 clicks that show up. External traffic to Amazon. You get moved up on the deals page. All your rankings cross, and you just really maximize the deals. On a normal day, like in q1 we'll sell probably like 50 units of trek international parks. In like q4 on normal day, we'll sell like 600 on Cyber Monday, we sold like 6000 Right? Like we're really ramping up on those deals pages, the only Kat and so you could also do this regularly. The only complex part is that we usually offer discounts on our on our website because we needed a compelling reason for them to buy. And when we offer discounts on our website, makes it hard to send that traffic to Amazon. We could do it. Yeah, we haven't really found a good way to do it year round. So we really focused on the deals and maximizing the deals. We don't send traffic to Amazon year round. There are ways to do it. If you get smart and you get clever, you could probably figure it out. There's a couple of websites that allow you to discount codes and all that stuff. We haven't messed around with that. Okay, this is a very. Quickly made on draw.io like 30 minutes ago. But essentially this is the flywheel you take winning Tiktok creative. You get low CPMs on Facebook ads, you get lower CPAs on meta, because the Tiktok creative works really well. The scale becomes exponential, right? Because once you have lower CPAs, the scale is exponential, then you can create Facebook ads to Amazon profitably, because you verified the landing page works, and you verified the ads work, you start winning on ranking and deals page, and overall, because you're spending all this money on meta, you have better click through rate and lower PPC spend. So we did this with the water bottle last year, again, we had we sold 10,000 units at the water bottle on Tiktok last year, we took those ads, we put them on meta. Had about $25 CPA on meta, which is slightly above break even, but there's a lift on Amazon. And then we sold like we sold 5000 on meta, and then we sold another 10,000 on Amazon, and that's where, like you start seeing the full omni channel ability of meta, Tiktok and Amazon together. Um, yeah, this is, like, a little bit more complex thing, but I just wanted to put in there, because this is important. We don't sell profitably on metal. We sell that break even for two reasons for most of the year. The two reasons are one, if you're selling on meta, you're going to see a lift on Amazon. So in our mind, we are profitable. The lift really can vary product to product. I don't want to give numbers here. It could be a 20% left. Some people I see, I think close to a 75 to 100% lift. There's a million reasons why. Like, if you charge shipping on your website, like whatever, there's a million reasons. But you're going to see a lift on Amazon. So we saw it break even. The other thing that we think about is, if I can sell at break even from January to October or January to September on my website, let's say I sell 30, 25,000 units of our game from January to October at break even on our website. I've also now generated close to a million or 2 million impressions that people on meta or Instagram, and then if you also look at Tik Tok or now there's app loving. I've created all those impressions. I'm going to capture that demand later in the year. So if you get really creative with the math, I don't recommend to get too creative with the math, but something to think about. If you're at break even and you really push spend your q4 could be massive, because it's 3 million people that saw your product earlier in the year, and they might come back. So you can put that in and if you're, especially if you're omni channel, we're also in target. We're tracking the national parks. We know that every sale we get from January to October is potentially point two sales later in the year as well, and we factor that into our math, so that's just more on the strategic side. Last thing, will we work with you? Probably not. Most of it is going to be a waste of time. We're not really looking to pick up any clients, but if you send me your product at my email, that's my email, I'll take a look. If there's something like we think is really awesome, me and Dave would be interested, because we're building out a big marketing team right now. We just hired, we're hiring a couple of video editors and some CRO people, but 90% chance we're not going to work with anyone. It's just, I'll throw it out there, because I know some people will ask, and that is the end. Thank you guys.
