MDS Large Catalog Sellers Kick-off Call
Date: October 13, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Uh, somebody else to Mike, maybe, yeah, I think his first name was Mike. Was another guy who's like a legendary seller on MDs,

Speaker  5280:00
Alex, who is hosting some other polls,

Speaker  6581:20
Alex, there's two Alex's. There's more than two Alex's. Now there's a lot of Alex. Let's see, she Facebooked me. Let's see There's Alex nickel, and then there's another Alex. Let me just see my Facebook says the these were not, like, I think we were kind of not, you know, we wanted to move forward with creating something. So she just did it through Facebook. So I don't want to get her in trouble or anything. But, I mean, but we might just want to talk to her,

Speaker  15210:40
yeah, like, if she's got anything going, I'm like, I pushed for it because there was nothing going, not because I'm super passionate about leading group of large sellers, although I do, I do have a business that does a lot of that, but I if there's already something going, we don't need to recreate this.

Speaker  20848:00
Well, yeah, I let me just find

Speaker  24965:20
Yeah. I mean, I think we need to bring it over into the MDS world, though, rather than doing it through Facebook Messenger,

Speaker  28426:40
I don't know who this Alex Nichols or something. You're

Speaker  29322:40
Yeah, let me there's, I'm just trying to find her here back in my messengers,

Speaker  31146:40
because she might not even be in MDS at all.

Speaker  31946:40
Maybe no,

Speaker  32143:59
she is Alex. Alex Mills,

Speaker  33056:00
oh. Alex Mills, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  34752:00
Alex Mills, I

Speaker  38920:00
right? Well,

Speaker  39624:00
I mean, I'm happy to I'd love to talk to you Matt, so don't think we can't have a good conversation, because

Speaker  41064:00
I'm planning to still have the call today. I'm more in the mindset of, yeah, let's talk with Alex, if there's already a group going subgroup off MDs that wants to come back in related to this. That's I'm that sounds great to me. I'm wherever. The smoothest path to having conversations about large catalogs is, is, is fun by me. Yeah. So we have Pete myself, Daniel's on the call. I just was talking with him a few minutes ago. Trevor and Kat snow taker, so I'm not sure.

Speaker  52400:00
Yeah, that's our note taker. Like MDS

Speaker  52960:00
Got it? Got it? Okay. Daniel Trevor, you guys able to to participate? Hey,

Speaker  55605:20
yeah, sorry,

Speaker  56549:20
I'm here. I'm here.

Speaker  57397:20
Well, I'll start by introducing myself. I know Daniel knows me, and so Matt Bertrand, been to MDS for 233, years, but been selling on Amazon since 2012 we design, manufacture, distribute Science Education supplies, so beakers, test tubes, physics apparatus, anatomical models. We also have a toy brand, totally separate, but also sells on Amazon, has big DJB presence. And both brands have, for us, have large catalogs. The science one having like six to 7000 ASINs, not just, you know, color combo differences, like true different products. And then the toy brand is like 500 products. So it's not small, but it feels small relative to the other brand. Yeah, that's, that's basically me. I We have our own warehouse in upstate New York. So we have like 80,000 square feet here, and then so ship orders out of here. We do FBA as well. Yeah, okay. Pete, what do you do? All right,

Speaker  76458:40
let me just, oh, it's norm. Norm. Lanier, yeah, that joined so he's also a large catalog seller, and then Mike. And Mike's, Mike's thing was, it was also pretty legendary in MDS, but I forgot his last name, something. I'm just going to come to me in just a second. Yeah, he did a lot of imprinting stuff too. That's, that was his claim. He's got like a million listings on on Amazon. He's got the world record or something crazy like that. You know him? Anybody know him?

Speaker  86789:20
No, all right. Well,

Speaker  87237:20
all right. Anyway, so Pete Weisberg, I live in Annapolis, Maryland. I'm about nine months into my MDS journey. Here we sell a few different product families, but the one that's probably most relevant to this is going to be we have these coloring books. And these coloring books are what I call theme based coloring books. So like, when you go to the doctor's office and your kids are playing with coloring books, or they you go to the fire department and the fire department's handling out coloring books. We have, like, we have like over close to 1000 variations with crayons, without different pack sizes, customization, no customization, so it quickly adds up to a lot of stuff. We also have a product family called safety magnets, which is refrigerator magnet type things that you can have safety instructions and imprint those and hand them out of trade shows, and they're on CPR and natural disasters and all kinds of things. So we have a lot of SKUs, most of it through FBM, but we're starting to after so many people have told me, You got to really start moving Morris towards FBA. Towards FBA, even with large variations like this, we're starting to do more FBA and Daniel and I know I've chatted a few times. I met Dan at the Inspire, and always look to Him for wisdom. And I don't know how he does it, but maybe he'll give me more insight into this call.

Speaker  113968:00
Yeah, I'll go next then. So I've been doing e commerce long time. Started in 97 started eBay 99 and Amazon off for us. So we have a lot of different models that are legacy that we're still dragging along and and so those end up being a lot of SKUs. Matter of fact, we're trying to rework that model now we like, for example, old liquidation models, old wholesale models. And then anytime we have failed private label brands or product lines, we move them over to our liquidation side, or close outside. We call it one offs, because it's that way we make sure we don't focus too much on it. So that's 1000s and 1000s. I mean, historically, it's a ton, but I think we only have a few 1000 on that, like in the system. But those are ideas. Those are primarily trying to kill the line, right? So those on our main one, we're about 3400 not including new product line lunch, as I look now, we're about 1607 because we're trying to, trying to scale down a lot on our main line. So we're down to unloading, and we're down to 1607 unique SKUs and so And of those, some of them are variations. Some of them are unique product lines. Some of them are like we do hardware. Electronics is this brand, wire, nuts, bolts, things like this. So some of them are just pack quantities, you know. So we'll have a couple variations per product, you know, by 10, by 50, by 100 something like that, across unique, you know, hundreds of unique products and things. And so the primary is private label, but we kind of do like this module piece thing, so it's the largest module now, but so that we can stay, especially with the new 100% tariff at that infinity percent, it just needs to say infinity percent, right? Yeah, you know. And so, you know, if that comes in, we have these other pieces. We can just increase our wholesale side, or increase our liquidation side, or, you know, increase these other pieces, because we still do eBay, Walmart, Shopify, these other things. So, but on our primary one, we're, we're about half the SKUs now, and we're trying to, we have 1000s that are not launched, just because our focus has been let's just clean house, get up. Especially this year, we've let go about two thirds of our team. We're in 20,000 square foot warehouse now. We're looking to it fits us, but it's expensive, especially in Utah. So and I'm in Utah, we're about four

Speaker  155413:20
replace these liquidations, or are you just doing scale down?

Speaker  156570:40
So we're going to scale down. I call it exiting to myself, working with Scott Dietz a little bit on the idea and everything, and present it, a little bit in Vegas on it. And so the goal is, shrink down to a point, cash out to your comfort level, to the you know, if you, especially when you listen to larger companies, been around a long time, you know, there's definitely two buckets. The one bucket is the operator or the visionary, is no longer burnt out, and then the ones still are. And I've kind of found a correlation between the two. Is the one that's not as burned out. Took something off the table, right? So if it fails, it's okay, like, you don't want it to fail. We, none of us, want it to fail, but you don't lose everything. Your kids don't have to sell their shoes, you know, type of a thing. And so that's kind of the model I'm testing out. And if it works, I'll present a little bit in April. If it works out, I'll do that, but basically, take enough off the table to whereas you sleep, great, yeah, and then scale back up, but don't put it back in and so that's kind of what it is. It's exit to yourself, is what he called it. I like that phrase anyway, so we weren't doing that. It's super stressful. Because I think especially as operators and visionaries, we're not like, money driven, per se, right? We're like growth and conquer and challenge and succeed. And so it's hard and it's definitely a lot of stress and discipline. But then over the weekend, I'm like, someone had asked how I was doing. I was like, you know, I had several conversations. MDS was over the weekend and and I'm grateful to be in a position to whereas, if it stays, we can pivot and not lose everything. So that's, you know, it's not going to obviously, you know, it's just insanity.

Speaker  185749:20
So liquidations versus just selling off some of those lines to other people that would want to take it is, I'm sure you went through that thought process, yeah.

Speaker  187818:40
So ultimately, what it is, I kind of have like, four buckets. So one's liquidation, where we'll just get rid of it, right? And one is close out, where we basically discount at five, 10% and run it for a year or five, just until it runs down. The other one's harvest. And so that's where most that's where basically, we're we might restock some of those product lines, but our goal is to cash out as much as possible. So no more launching in those categories or product lines, no more refining. Just get it to whereas it's great, and harvest as much as possible. And at some point you just stop reordering, and you get all of that money back. So we're not necessarily selling in a discount or loss, and some of them are actually raising price. Actually raising prices so that we can harvest on time and within our three year plan. And so we're making a lot more profit per unit. We're just not gonna so instead of selling 50,000 units in one year, we're gonna sell 50,000 in three years, and then make WaYw more, and then the top, then the last bucket is, we're just gonna keep it, you know, keep it going, keep it growing, you know, things like that. So those are kind of four different buckets. And buckets. And then it works, because all of our clothes out and previous brands fit in one of those four. So, you know, we might bring some of those back. We might take some the wholesale, convert it to private labor, or just keep doing the wholesale. Or we might take some of the wholesaler old models and dumping liquidation or close that, I like, I hate liquidation, I love closeout, like, we've got the space, we've got the warehouse. Might as well it's five years. Like, it's like, it's like stock in some crappy company. Why sell it now? And you can just sell in five years when it's slightly less crappy, right? Or it's like a crappy company that sells dividends, right? Just take the dollar a month for the next 10 years. So that's, that's kind of the idea,

Speaker  213941:20
but, but none of those, unless of those four, would be selling to another private labeler. No.

Speaker  216021:19
So that was the, that was actually the, what the key is when not only is their taxable event, but for them to pay, no one's going to pay you, and you can basically the way to max out the most was to do it this way rather than selling a piece. And so I had to be careful on which ones need to stay in those top two buckets, the harvest. The nice thing about the harvest bucket is, because you haven't ruined anything, you can always just move it up into the run it forever and still sell it. But as soon as you're into like close out liquidation, you're starting to hurt the product, the line, the things like that, because it's almost impossible to raise prices again and or to show that it's profitability again. And so a lot of our products, well, it's 16 107 I'd probably say just under 800 900 are in the top two buckets, with about another 700 and close out, close out, and then about 1400 and so 1400 close out, seven or 800 are in harvest, and a little under 1000 are in that top one to keep. So

Speaker  232837:20
I could go, I don't want to monopolize the conversation, but yeah, it's good. I could talk for everyone. All right, Matt, what's next?

Speaker  235770:40
Trevor's introduction,

Speaker  236090:40
yeah, I guess I gotta talk. So I'm Trevor. I'm from Missouri. I've been selling since college, so about 1213, years, I've been on Amazon. Primary, I've been in MDS, I don't know, maybe four or five years. I don't know when I exactly join a long time. I primarily do close outs of name brand toys. So my specialty is when Hasbro Mattel, any of those large companies, lose a license or want to discontinue a product line, I come in and buy that product line. Obviously it's, you know, when, when they're done, the products are done, they're never made again. So we have a lot of SKUs, deep quantities, and it might take us a year to three years to sell out of a line, just because, you know, we'll, we'll buy like, 10 to 20,000 pieces. So that's pretty much it, nothing special. Do a lot of different Target, Walmart, eBay, Best Buy, all those places. So

Speaker  254154:40
for clarification, so Mattel says they no longer want to have this widget toy anymore. They lost the license to somebody, or they don't care to renew it. The inventory is there. You can swoop in and get it, but then you still have to get the license to sell it right. Or does the licenser not really care anymore?

Speaker  259168:00
No, they don't care. So whenever it's done, it goes to closeouts, and there's not really any regulations, because, like, for instance, Hasbro, a couple years ago, lost a license for Disney princess. Yeah, whenever they whenever a company loses a license, they legally cannot sell it the wholesale route. So if Walmart target, any of those had orders on hand, they get canceled, they can't sell them that product when they lose that license, and Mattel ended up buying the license, but they can't use the same UPCS. That makes sense, so they have to create a new brand, or, like a new Mattel brand line for that same product with a slight variation. So then collectors are like, oh, we'll never get a Hasbro Disney Princess item again. And that's, that's where I come in to factor on all those so once it goes, when they lose license, it goes to close out they can, it's, it's kind of a form of liquidation. They can just get rid of it, and there's no legal ramifications.

Speaker  276351:59
Is there? Is that a competitive space you're in? So like, meaning, are there a bunch of us out there that compete for that?

Speaker  278533:20
Yes and no, there was, at one point, because I was teaching on it, and that was really stupid. But a lot of those people are were smaller, and so I just held on longer, and kind of, you know, they've now disappeared. There are some other, like several large companies, that we buy similar stuff, but most of my, most of the time, I'm competing against brick and mortar, like TJ, Maxx, Ross, any of those companies, I'll be in the same room as their buyers. So, so is

Speaker  287994:40
this like, A, is this like a storage war situation? Like, right?

Speaker  289360:00
No, not, not really. I mean, it's, it used to be a lot worse, because you'd have three or four companies in there and, like, you'd be grabbing products and put it on a table, and then you'd be trying to, like, do you take it all? But then they're trying to take it. And now so many companies don't like being in there with like TJ, Maxx and Ross cannot be in the same room together at the same time. So because of that, you know, Wild West, there's lots of regulations, you know, vendors put on now, so you don't have competing companies in there at the same time.

Speaker  298677:20
Do do you find? So the way I bucket it is, liquidation is a huge discount. Closeout is profitable if you didn't have to pay a lot for the product, harvest is just as profitable as you would anyway, like there's no discount or anything. So kind of where do most of your pricing follow? You find you have to discount it a lot, or it's mostly just you're harvesting what they invested in.

Speaker  305120:00
Yeah. So I'm buying about anywhere between 20 to 35% of retail price. Okay, so I'm usually, like, 50% less than wholesale pricing, because, like, I'm in the opposite spectrum of, like, what you're doing, like you're discounting to get rid of stuff. That's what Hasbro and Mattel are doing. I'm buying that inventory, but they they're like, we just want it gone. Give us 30% of our, of our a price, or MSRP, and it's yours. So I'm buying there, and then I have a strategy to extract it to where I'm selling a certain amount of inventory at a lower ROI, and then as I sell it, or I get my initial investment back, I'm I call it the tiered strategy. I'm constantly raising my prices.

Speaker  318250:40
That's brilliant. Yeah, makes sense?

Speaker  318954:40
So, yeah, revenue, yep. And then I'm competing with those other people that might have found them on clearance at Walmart, you know, all those people that just crashed the price. So I'm able to compete in the beginning with them, and then as they sell out, because I have so much inventory, I then get to sell it at a higher so my average ROI is very high because

Speaker  325360:00
it says cash flow, kind of that number one metric that you struggle with, type of thing, as opposed to profit.

Speaker  326949:20
Yeah, it's very cash intensive, because I had to buy up front. Yeah. So I'm constantly buying, you know, 50 to $100,000 of a single item. And that, obviously you've

Speaker  330133:20
been doing a long time. So where you got a lot of experience, do you have a pretty good success, like success rate like 80 90% or, you know, good

Speaker  332394:40
less than 5% are duds, meaning, that's great. So 95% of them, I'm breaking even or making money. I mean, my average ROI on my entire catalog, is like 100 to 120% so I'm basically doubling my money. But it's just, it's weird how it works. So now that I've incorporated some a little bit of health and beauty for that cash flow portion, because it's

Speaker  339584:00
just way faster, yeah, right?

Speaker  340096:00
Those are lower, a lot lower margins,

Speaker  340832:00
right? It makes sense. So it kind of, it's still good. Roi,

Speaker  341525:20
yeah. And

Speaker  341909:20
is that like over a year, or like your 120% over like three years? So it's like a third each year.

Speaker  343445:20
It's just, it's usually whatever timeframe I choose it in. Usually I do a year most of the time. So I've been tracking for a couple years now, within six to nine months, I get my initial investment back on a product.

Speaker  346709:20
Okay?

Speaker  346922:40
So I can kind of buy a product, sell 50% of my inventory, get my initial investment back within six to nine months, and then the remaining is all 100% profit. And that's what makes it ROI so big is because once I hit 50% I get my money back, I don't sell it for less than 75 to 100% ROI, and then my last 10% I set aside in the warehouse, and then I sell that like 200% ROI or bigger, just

Speaker  354928:00
trickle it out over the next couple years, that'll

Speaker  355472:00
trickle out. Yeah?

Speaker  355760:00
Trevor, do you know, do you know Evans Richard? Or Evan Richard? Evans Richard, I can't remember he's a he. I don't think he's an MDS, but he's a very large Amazon seller who does age toys like this, but he strategically buys them and then holds them for he's got like, a million square feet in Virginia, or something like he's

Speaker  362085:20
I probably, I don't know him personally, but I'm sure we're on listings together, and I've heard of him. Yeah,

Speaker  363882:40
I know he does a lot in Lego. He's like, huge in the Lego space of like, he'll buy it, but he won't just buy clothes out or liquidation or things like that. He'll buy wholesale, and then hold on the for like, years trying to build out the

Speaker  368896:00
the data. I don't do the wholesale side because I don't have enough money. I barely, I barely have enough money to do it on the clothes outside. So unless you have, like, outside investors that are, like, here's millions and millions of dollars. Like, I don't know him personally, but there's a guy that has like, $75 million worth of toys, and it might be that guy, if

Speaker  374533:20
it's Amazon, it's probably him, but he

Speaker  375205:20
has, like, outside investors, so he works with a lot of, like, doctors and stuff like that, that they have extra money and they want a place to grow it. And I don't know his exact strategy, but he gets that money and then buys product. But he buys differently than I do. So it's very interesting in the toy industry, because everybody buys a little different. So we're competitors on some things, but then stuff that he doesn't touch I buy,

Speaker  382442:40
yeah, and with that model, do you miss all all other toy people in that sector where q4 is all of your revenue and then the other, the other nine months, or all of your expenses.

Speaker  387520:00
Yeah, I mean, q4 is definitely the largest portion, and with lowering my ROI that allows me to cash flow throughout the year to basically cover overhead, make a little bit extra money, and then we've been expanding a lot into other marketplaces. So right now, like Target, and target is doing very well, better than Walmart, so we're doing pretty well on target.

Speaker  395354:40
Do you do a lot of your own fulfillment then? Or it's all FBA, or

Speaker  396378:40
Yeah, both, yeah, we do both Yeah.

Speaker  397722:40
Well, I it was awesome learning a bit about you guys. So the the point of these calls, literally, for, at least for my understanding is this, the special the like smaller group calls, like these, we can have speakers we cannot. I'll talk with Alex too, because she had messaged me or talked to me at some point. Like, I figure out how to either combine them or something like that. So they'll either kind of alternate between having, like a speaker come in, or someone presenting on something, and then just open, open discussion on what's something a problem you guys are having, what's something you want to talk about. And then people who we only have four of us here today, but what kind of experience share of I've had that experience or similar experience do, and this is what I did, or share what you do. So if you have no problems, this is going to be a really boring call. If you guys have some problems, we're going to have a great time. So I have some ideas to talk about if you guys don't have stuff, but I'd rather talk about, you know, pain points you guys have, and things you want to talk about to begin with, and happy, sure, whatever I have, or, you know, Daniel probably has experience,

Speaker  418720:00
one quick one that's been revolving around, that I think we should just touch on very quickly. Is anybody having problems right now with the whole variation stuff? It seems like that's just kind of another Amazon kind of blew in with, you know, with one win, they came in and they said, Hey, we're going to get rid of all these variation themes. And then, you know, two weeks later, it seems to have died down. I hadn't seen any impact of it, a lot of warnings, a lot of chatter about it, but it hasn't

Speaker  426437:19
been back down on it. They basically said if, if, as long as it's had, if that asin

Speaker  428026:40
was around sales had

Speaker  428538:40
sold anything in the last two years, and it has a variation theme that's being used it, they won't get rid of it. So, like I, I, we were going to be massively impacted, and we didn't see any changes whatsoever for us. So,

Speaker  433760:00
yeah, so, I mean, knock on wood, of course, but the in looking into what they were talking about doing is that, you know, you've always had like, size, color style that are preset drop downs, and you can kind of override them a little bit. Then you had size name, style name and color name that were just open fields. And you can call them whatever you want. And those have kind of always been around, and it looked like their initial. And I'm just speculating here on on what I was reading up, and it looks like their initial, what they were trying to do is get rid of the size name, style, name, color, name, those ones that were open because they do get abused like crazy, right? And basically, every Chinese competitor that launches, I mean, not just Chinese, let's be faced the whole world anywhere, right? Corruption can come from anywhere, you know. And anyway, so as they launch those you know, you have, like this new set of, you know, this new couch that has like, 9000 reviews, that's the best, most comfortable socks ever, right? And it's like variation number 342 you know? And so by by, what happens is, if Amazon presets those three, you're Yes, you can override some, but you're limited. Problem was, it doesn't work because they haven't thought through their drop downs, you know? And so, and especially where we're across a lot of different categories and so and have been over the years, especially because we have that secondary those old business models we drag along. And like, gray sometimes is spelled with an I, sometimes with an E, like, I'm sorry, gray is sometimes so with an A, sometimes an E. So all these little consensus is it breaks things. It just wouldn't work. And so it looked like their initial messaging was to get rid of those. Then they backed way off, because the, you know, just the massive pushback. And so it sounded like their final messaging was, they're just gonna get rid of all that news stuff. And so I but it looked like they're just

Speaker  464816:00
pushing the problem down the road, right? Dan, I mean, we know that they've already sent the first salvo, so they're thinking, what do we got to do something? But they don't know what, and that's what the scary part is. So it will come back. We just don't know in what form it's going to come back.

Speaker  468128:00
I mean,

Speaker  468416:00
like the, I feel like the original push was, hey, we're going to do bad actor cleanup under the guise of data efficiency, and when that's a horrible idea, because you can't clean up the bad actors without first. You know it's like. You can't. You have to start posting speed limits, right? You can't just say we're going to get every speeder and we're going to write them all a ticket without having any speed limits anywhere. So it sounds like they then pivoted to Oh no, it's just data cleanup, and we're just going to get rid of these ones that aren't being used, and the problem goes away. And so I but I agree, I think it's kind of like the UPC thing they started a few years ago, where you had to have GS one and weisbergs 2016 or 17 or something, but we have SKUs that are 20 years old, that have the Old Seven UPC, so are seven. So they really came down hard on that, till they realized half of Walmart and Target SKUs start with seven, half of Mattel and half of everybody's SKUs start with seven, because DJB one was a joke. And yes, they're gonna they're forcing their way into the market, but it's going to take decades before all retail moves into GS one, if they ever do. And so same thing, they were suspending people everywhere, shutting up listings. So they realized half of Amazon Basics uses the fake you could not fake. They were just, you know, the they weren't just one register stuff, but the same thing now, they're just one. They're doing the 2d barcodes right end of whatever the sunset of the 1d that they're going to do eventually in the next few years. So I think Amazon's going to try and push just one into that, meaning we'll have to figure out how to get the new ones. Yeah, and so, but it's the same thing. I agree with Peter. I think it's they can't just do it, but they're like, they'll hide it now. So instead of saying we're gonna shut off all the sevens and you have to have a good eight or a five from UK or wherever your GS one is officially registered, we're gonna say, Well, now you have to do 2d with the new the new GS one platform, and that will force people up into the new ones anyway, but we'll see, because their catalogs old, but say for the first time ever, Amazon last year deleted two or 300 of our ASINs that we haven't sold in years, like 1015, years. And I've never seen that ever in 21 years. Never seen them wipe ASINs off their system. So apparently they did, and they're gone like they are gone. So they

Speaker  506261:20
tell you about it. They just did

Speaker  506661:20
it. No, knock down Dennis. We're as we roll it was we finally earlier this year, after Vegas, in like, May, April, May, I spent time and put finally organized my buckets of liquidation close out. So we have a bunch of these old ones that we needed to bring back to just close them out profitably. And they're not there. They're just gone. So, and then I was digging, and it's like, oh yeah. Like Oh, yeah, like last year, over the last 12 months, they quietly deleted like, a billion ASINs, or some insane number from their systems. So across all globally, it's not even not Canada, not never the Emirates, where half your stuff lives, right? You know?

Speaker  515808:00
So, yeah, they'll have to do, they'll have to do it more thoughtfully rolled out when they do, because it just affects too many sellers. I'm and this is probably a terrible plan, but I'm having faith that it's mostly just to go after bad actors, like Daniel was saying, and it won't blow up absolutely everything. Yeah, that's probably horribly put faith in Amazon.

Speaker  522533:20
So, yeah, I don't, I don't.

Speaker  524010:40
Old Spanish way old smash saying that says when the law is written, so is the way around it. And so a lot of these bad actor changes really just don't. And honestly, a lot of it comes from the FTC and the government pressure anyway, right? Like the reviews on that?

Speaker  528208:00
So, yeah, I mean, I think it's it. I think it's just because of the way Amazon grew. I mean, hindsight is 2020, right? I mean that they got stuck in a situation. I mean, when we started doing our variations, like, I don't know, seven or eight years ago, we went with what we had, which was, like you said, what we know that coloring books have pack sizes. Well, you're in a toy category. That doesn't happen. So what do we do? Well, we

Speaker  534917:19
improvise. All right, yeah,

Speaker  535333:20
we saw it when we when we did it, we knew this is screwy. This is like, Yeah, okay. And then nothing ever changed. And now they're in a pickle because they're like, well, we can't start over again. So that's, that's the problem.

Speaker  538954:40
Pack quantity can't be changed. You know, we've run into that a lot. Is that you can do like, size, color and package quantity. But Amazon went through on at least 80% of our products and said it all is one. Like our 10 packs are one. And so those variation groups never work. And you can like, we've got one changed over six months. Like, it took six months photographs, they checked it. FBA, we had for fear with GS one registered GS one as a one pack, as a 10 pack, like six one. Actually, that whole group took four and a half years to fix. And by the time we were now we're like, so that's not worth complying. Like, I'm not gonna spend four and a half years on and sales, yeah, and when it finally got done, sales returned to like, 20% of the original level. It has, like, you know, so you have this giant amount coming in, and then it drops to basically zero, and then what comes back. It's 20% none of it was worth it, but I had to recover it so we can get rid of that product line, but it's like, yeah, so that the the, I think the point is, is that the right way to do it doesn't work right? So fix the right way, which is, everyone will do it, but fix the right, you know? And for, for legacy stuff, I get the transition from the way it didn't used to work, and now does Okay? Give us a path to fix it, but it still doesn't work. That's the worst case scenario. And I think that's where they're at across 90% of their decisions. And I think that's the siloing, though you kind of get that with with the corporate silos. So,

Speaker  565072:00
all right, what's the topic?

Speaker  565717:20
Yeah, what else? Yeah, do

Speaker  567205:20
you guys that you had ERP on there? I'm always curious about the WMS system that Deborah uses. We have SQ vault, and we have good old legacy pricing, like 1500 bucks or 1312, 13 bucks a month, something like that. And the problem is, nothing is we also do chaotic placement, because we just have to with product lines that come and go over the years. And so I'm just curious what everyone else does for that, because it's that's always a challenge, I think, is what are using, the manager, warehouse, inventory and units and

Speaker  576010:40
stuff we're we're implementing right now. We're, we go live January 1, so we start UAT, actually tomorrow. Acumatica, so it, it's a full blown ERP. They have the, the biggest challenges. So their WMS is pretty good, like, you know, optimize pick pads and like, you know, they just implemented directed put away if you want it. We do. I'm not sure the same technical definition of chaotic placement, but we have homes for things, but where we put things, it's just wherever there's space on the rack. Yeah. And we will, once in a while, do optimizations where we're like, hey, this thing's really far away from our ship stations. Let's remove a bunch of stuff that doesn't sell. But that happens, like, not often enough. Yeah, what's a decade every time we move the

Speaker  593168:00
Wall of Shame moves with you. Yeah.

Speaker  593776:00
So Acumatica really, really interesting. We'll see if it actually works the way it's described. So you can move your so the like, if you're sending inventory into FBA, you move it into an FBA in transit location, and then they will, as those shipments get received in by Amazon, it'll reconcile and say you are missing two units, you gain two units or whatever. And it'll do those adjustments let you know increase your inventory or decrease your inventory levels daily. We'll do adjustments out of like all your lost inventory, found inventory, all that stuff. So the hope is to get to a point where our monthly reconciliations, because we do a full accounting, close every month, and it takes like, seven days for our CFO and controller to all the ticks and puts and all that shit, because like, 3000 skew to Amazon, and then it's just a lot. So hopefully all that goes away. Knock on wood, they also even have, like, settlement reconciliation, so it'll send your deposit information via API, and so, like, it knows the deposit amount matches it to your bank account. Says this is all made up of all these things, which then ties back to all these inventory transactions and all of that. Again, this is how it's supposed to work. I'm like 75% confident it's actually going to work quite that smoothly. But yeah, we're so far, seem mostly impressed. There's been some some hiccups along the way, with our implementer and the software like, basically, they're released two for this year that just came out. Finally got the Amazon settlement reconciliation stuff done. We're not even on that version, so we have to, like, figure out how to do that, and that's a whole thing.

Speaker  622826:40
But what are you migrating from

Speaker  624026:40
inflow, inventory management, which is not really an ERP, nor is it like a WMS. I mean, you have inventory locations, but put away was all we had to basically, we built this whole access SQL script world outside that kind of like, did everything like, it doesn't have batch picking or wave picking, or any of that kind of stuff. So now, right now, we do that ourselves with secondary pick sheets and things, and then just import the data and export and do that. I'm actually looking at for our toy business sin seven, potentially to move to, because it's a very it's an FBA only business, plus d to c, so there's no FBA FBM, and we have some manufacturing there, so I might do that. Yeah, happy once we go live, I'd have be happy to do a demo of how the whole Acumatica process works. Probably shouldn't as of now, because it's a total show. Wait until we actually go live. Sure. How about you guys?

Speaker  642528:00
We're using a company called three links for our WMS. I mean, they're they're good, but then we're also looking it's another company called base they used to be called like, base Linker. I'm not sure if anybody else has heard of

Speaker  647333:20
them, base linker, yeah, I

Speaker  647733:20
don't know if they're good or not. But because we do so much cross post and everything we were using, we use the sender because they're a partner with MDS, and that was a huge cluster. And then we switched to feedonomics, because they claim to be the best industry. They suck too.

Speaker  654090:40
Yeah,

Speaker  654346:40
they're horrible. And so I met base. It's called base now. I met them at the Walmart conference, and they based off the demo, it seems very intuitive, and the technology is there. You pair it with Amazon, you can pair it with all these other companies. So we're kind of in the process right now, because my contract to feed anomic runs out in January, but they have a built in WMS too. Okay? So they, they claim their WMS is their main priority, and then the cross listing of stuff just kind of comes with the package, like, but it's super cheap. It's like $19 a month, flat fee, and then it's like 19 cents per order, and that's direct to consumer, so it doesn't factor in, like, wfs or FBA, only direct to consumer. And I'm like, well, crap, I'm going to be like, a 10th of the price of what I'm paying future comics. Yeah,

Speaker  670298:40
those nerve wrackingly Cheap,

Speaker  670970:40
yes. And I asked myself, Why are you guys so cheap? And like, we have. He's like, I have no idea. He's like, I think they're just trying to get market share in the US because they've been over in EU for like, 20 years, and only a couple years ago Did they really start coming to the US market. So I think it's kind of a thing to kind of grab people and get them on the platform. But he told me, it's like, once you do it, once it's the same thing. It's a copy paste for all the marketplaces. Like, it's not like some fancy thing you have to create,

Speaker  681141:20
but

Speaker  681429:20
for product data, we use salsify, but part of that's because it's our own product data. So like, we were, like, creating a ton of content, and, like, there's, there's stuff there, but it pushes to all the major channels. But this is, this is interesting, at least from the product syndication standpoint.

Speaker  686570:40
Which one are you on?

Speaker  687114:40
I'm looking at base. Sorry, we use salsify for that. But yeah, so you

Speaker  689120:00
so I want to make sure that we went into some of the solutions, but I want to make sure I understand all the problems you're facing. So what I heard, I feel, is a lot of inventory related management, like, you know, that was the one of the where things are, are they getting? You know, are they, are they sell through, and is it reconcile and all that stuff, but then you were talking about with salsify, like listing, type management. So because I I'm curious, I had background in this a long time ago, not but my current business right now is all on Google Sheets, through scripts and a lot of different things. But I don't think I have nearly as much pain as you guys have, because my calling book is basically a drop ship relationship. So they don't my inventory is, you know, they, I don't have to worry about it. They deal with it and and, you know, they, it's not, I don't buy it until I sell it. So that's a very nice thing. My safety magnets, posters and everything else. Yes, I have a head inventory. We do monthly physical count, and there's always, they can never get it right. And I, I gave them tools for Google Sheets to say, here's all the different ways the channels are depleting, you know, ordering and whether it's Walmart, Amazon, Shopify, etc. And I just, they just agree every time, like, Hey, you're off 1000 units. Like, it's 80 cents per unit, and you owe me 800 bucks. And like, it's, it's just kind of, I don't like it like that. And I've I, but I don't feel and I've said you should get some scanning in there. But the so that's that part is not huge for me. The listing part is is definitely a pain point. But I did do like, Lynn works a long time ago, and they suck for me because, and I never could really understand the first SY synchronization is great. Second synchronization is like, and then after that, you can't keep up.

Speaker  718906:40
Like, what

Speaker  719210:40
I mean? It's just very It didn't take me longer than 30 seconds to go, this is not gonna you don't have an answer. They kept dancing around the problem. So I never invested in that. And now flat file Pro was Adam's tool, and it's not working too well for me. Unfortunately, I was gonna talk to him, but a lot of feature sets, a lot of cool things coming down, and I'm getting emails on but like, we keep finding attributes that are not hidden in a system and that we still have to use Amazon for. So anyway, that's my

Speaker  728901:19
I'll tell you what my experience in this, I kind of have a different take, I think the most people on it. So, I mean, because we've done seller, cloud and channel advisor and and, like all the major ones, and then works. And, matter of fact, when they came to the United States, Trevor's point, they were way inexpensive, because they're trying to get us companies on board, because they were UK bond company before their price on. So we got them really cheap. And so kind of, if you can imagine a wagon wheel, and then it has all the spokes going out. And what most of the tools try to be is they try to be that center piece. And so then it connects to Walmart, connects to Amazon, connects to all these different things and and so you you have to change it. I'm kind of a longer way that that I've explained it, but I have actually on my whiteboard up in my conference room. But anyway, in my old office, I'm in temporary office. So instead of putting a piece of software in the middle that does all these pieces, like an ERP and things like that, what we did is I designed a different to put the marketplaces in the middle, and then the each spoke is what you need. And so what happens is, with the marketplace is the middle, we need a warehouse, something to connect to the warehouse, something to connect to price, and something connect attributes, right? And what happens this way is, and not all the market, not so what happens is, instead of getting an ERP that works really well, kind of like Trevor says that, you know, like, like, basis focuses the WMS. But it might not be asset management, like Matt's using salsify for asset management, creative asset so end up doing is by designing it that way. The two main advantages I have is one, you can get the best thing for your need. So we have the best WMS that works for us, that's CMS that works for us, and pricing like

Speaker  757328:00
Google Sheet, like, I know I want to do this one really well, and I want to control that. That's exactly the way I think about it. Now that you said it that way, that is the way, yeah. And the

Speaker  759733:20
second advantage we have was onboarding and training, which was where a lot of this came along. Is if I want to change the CMS, you know, the customer service tool, I just changed that, reconnect, just that, just but I only have to retrain one or two people, you know. When we retrain the WMS, I don't have to retrain my marketing team and my marketplace teams and my creative team. I just have to train the warehouse team, you know. And so by doing that, it ultimately, and that's more expensive to buy all the individual pieces, but like, edesk had a problem the while ago. And so we, we were, they were like, Excel CO and then they were, you to ask, and we've had them for like, 15 years, and somehow they couldn't get the billing to convert over, so it dropped. And I'm like, if that was and we've had issues like that with the ERPs and things like that, and now you're out, like, all these pieces, but it's like you mentioned with flat file Pro. So we use flat file pro only to connect to Amazon on And ironically, we only use it for swatches because it's super easy to upload swatches, color swatches and things like that through that, rather than have to get being the image hosted and the right shape and size everything else. And then flat file ended. So that's pretty much we use it for a couple other things, backup and backup data is right, the category listing report on Amazon is always wrong and incomplete. So we do use flat file for that, but then we use, like, we onboarded listing there earlier this year when we dropped channel advisor again for the second time to do the asset math. Yeah, waste $80,000 is a horrible thing, and they're still trying to bill us for some more. And I'm just like, and so, you know, so we use listing mirror for non Amazon assets, but again, with the marketplace in the middle. Now you can also have kind of a sub spoke like a sub, you know. Okay, now there's two or three marketplaces over here, and so that's worked really well for us to get to get it. But then what happens is, you know, manage that I have to know all these different pieces and systems, but it's really no worse than knowing one big thing. But what happens is, all of these companies get bought and sold and traded and, I mean, we just dropped Data Dive and went back over to heated for something, and I retrained like one person, yeah,

Speaker  794533:20
well, and, and the marketplace changes. So the marketplace says this new data stream, right? And you can wait six months for the SaaS provider to come in and go, Yeah, to that. So you go, No, I'm gonna build that link right now. And so it does de risk you. I mean, you're kind of like the power plant all over the country, and, like, if one line goes down, it's like, okay, I have redundancy over here. I'll bring this guy in. And, yeah,

Speaker  801455:59
it's like, what Matt said about reconciling the Amazon settlements. I mean, we, we couldn't do that for years. We used managed by stats since 2013 for whatever it was. And when sellers came out with that feature to reconcile, like you could actually see the disbursement. It was the first system that was to the penny accurately matching our payout. So it was a couple years ago. So we went back, because he pulled it two years and we redid all of our data sets and switched over. But that was his one bookkeeper, like you only have to train one thing, and we switched, you know, manage my stats, over to sell arise on the QuickBooks link. So just the one piece. And then like, channel buys when these are just now getting that, because it came out with the API forever ago. But, you know, anyway, because some of these, like, like, Adam is, he's really, he's excited. He's releasing new features every other minute, and then when it breaks the old features and everything like that. And so we were, like, dynamic, I'm using it more for here, less for there, but because of the way we've set it up, we can need one or two people. You change what you do, and then we found what works for it. And so anyway,

Speaker  820512:00
how many people work for you? Daniel, I mean, like, we're

Speaker  821381:20
down a lot. We let two thirds go. So on my let's see. So the the eCBM team we have, including me, there's five. And then on the warehouse operation side. So for us, operations is like warehouse, right order, shipping, and, you know, manufacturing of that. We only have 1234, so we have 10 altogether, but half of them are part time. And do you

Speaker  828682:40
because, because what you were describing is like at least half time, if not full time, person and operations, like someone's watching all those spokes every day, like a nuclear power plant coming in and making sure all the feeds are working, or maybe I'm over.

Speaker  832496:00
No, so it's kind of, you know, the CMS, I have one person that she works in the software every day, so if there's a problem, they'll just report it up to her manager, and I directly manage that team. Now, I don't directly manage operations. I have one there, but I let go their manager. So I sit in the manager, and then I I still leave the company, and because we were 30 something, plus several agencies and contractors and everything else. And we've shrunk way down. We actually have the same sales level because we're just, I've been focused on efficiency, efficiency, efficiency, you know, automation, automation, automation, and training and empower everyone to do really well. And so if there's an issue of the software load to say something, and so when it comes to then an issue, that's my job. I have to look through and solve it and what's not working and why, and maybe a different tool. But they just have to report the issue. It's usually, it's usually one piece breaks about every six months. It's usually not too bad.

Speaker  847066:40
Oh, that's not bad. I was thinking that you'd have an issue every week. There was a week of an issue of the week where something is not there's going to be a discrepancy. Like, how many just, like, how many spokes Do you think you have? Like, I don't really need the number, but like, are we talking 10, or are we talking 20? Or, like,

Speaker  852192:00
beginning you were probably a 30, now probably 15, but because the marketplace is in the middle rather than a central system, you just if the bookkeeping is off, you know, and so you fix that spoke, yeah. And if Amazon listing is down, that's a little tougher, you know. But it depends, though, is the image wrong? Okay, we know it's, you know, it's this. It is a couple attributes. Well, it's either flat file we did or Adam software, or if it's the pricing, we use listing mirror for pricing, it's but so every other marketplace is listing your pricing. Amazon, we actually changed the pricing by hand. It's about the only thing that's guaranteed on some of them, and so I am looking for that spoke right now, the systems we had sucked, so we're still doing those in flat file that I do because I do because I don't trust anyone who knows to make a flat file pricing, right? So what type

Speaker  865488:00
of pricing Are you trying to do? Like the editors?

Speaker  866592:00
No, it's price increasements. And so when we go like, Okay, we need to increase the 10 cents every week over the next 12 weeks. And then the system we have, the process we have is, I do have a so every Monday, when the data comes in from the search query performance in the business report, so I can see if sales went up or down, impressions went up and down, conversions went up and down. So we know when to stop, you know. And so I need something automate that, because that's tedious process. And so I was trying to onboard with the

Speaker  876666:40
automated repricer. There's the two, there's repricer. The Have you

Speaker  878282:40
looked at sellers snap? Haven't sellers? Sellers snap? For years now, I'm a little different because I'm repricing it to other people. But you can go in there and put in manual rules, okay, like I have, I have some that are like, when I would have a brand get mad at me, I would be at Matt price during the day. And then there was a rule set to where once it hit, like, 5pm and basically they went home for the day, I would lower my price, and then by three or four o'clock in the morning, I'd back at map and then run the tools to see if I was doing that, so I can lower it down, get sales in the evening, and then go back to map. But you can there's so many different roles. It's

Speaker  889717:20
called sellers. Snap.

Speaker  890069:20
Sellers. Snap, yeah, it's not cheap. I'm it's like 500 bucks a month. They have a free trial. I think MDS has something with them. If not, I can get you something to get like, a week, we

Speaker  893578:40
were trying to onboard these office SY, but his, the software may be great, but I just can't get onboarded. Like, and then there was, there's a guy in MDS. I cannot remember his name. I know his face. They have a repricing software.

Speaker  897920:00
Jason, hang on,

Speaker  898272:00
Jason, yes, yeah, I can't remember the name of his. And so that's my that's on cue one next year is like, saw the pricing thing for well,

Speaker  902069:20
Daniel, you and I were chatting a little bit about this, and I view it in two, two parts to it, which I think I should, I don't think too many people do, because I there's everything you just said. But then the whole other side of the pricing is the segmentation pricing, which not a lot of people want to go down that rabbit hole. And maybe I'm fresh enough that I do it because I've got sector pricing, you know, in addition to the quantity pricing, and I've tried to get data, I have a pretty good API that shows me what percentage of customers are ordering as sector pricing versus business pricing versus quantity pricing. So I can kind of see, and it comes out that it's like, there is no clear winner. So it's just like,

Speaker  913312:00
No, I have

Speaker  913584:00
to do them all. And and then you can do what you said, which was like, well, you can use the automated, somewhat automation business quantity. And you can go, Well, just set 2% and just kind of call it a day, which definitely helps. But like, and then Trevor, like, where you were saying, like, then you get into kind of this time based thing, like, different parts of the day, which I know is true and and so I would love to find a pack. I mean, whoever comes up with that is, like, I will pay for it, because it's very dynamic.

Speaker  921877:20
I would look at sellers snap because I know they have you can customize? I was trying to see if I can customize, like raising the price, or whatever

Speaker  925706:40
I'm looking at all, yeah, especially because it has to, has to move our other marketplaces, although we just now did we're using Shopify and Walmart for strike through pricing, so I don't know. It's doing that. And so whatever we want our MSRP to be, we'll use those because that way we comply with federal law and and that's the reference price everywhere else. Because OUR Walmart sells kind of suck so, and it didn't really impact it much. When we raised price, we tried raising it $1 then $2 or $3 now more, and it seems to be working really well. Walmart's you have to disable Walmart auto subsidizing it, because we didn't realize that they were still lowering price and just discounting it for us. So that took forever. The enrolling every SKU, one by one was took me, like, a week when I'm like, oh, I'll just shut these five up and five more pop up. So we did get that done. But yeah, there's this seems to be a giant area that's untapped, especially for private label like and there's so many inputs. You've got to know what your competition is doing, what is their stock level, what is the day of the week, the weekend needs to go up. But then it impacts everything else. It impacts what your MSRP is your B to B pricing. So we did automate B to B pricing using Amazon's automation tools, and that's working really well. So every time we change a price anywhere on Amazon, the B to B will move up and down with it. So that solved that, and sales actually went up just by automating it. So that was good to see. But that was simply to avoid issues, not necessarily a plan to improve the process. But I still, I need something that can dynamically change pricing. The

Speaker  952005:20
analogy on pricing to me is where advertising was five years ago. I mean advertising five years ago, there was, you know, a cattle call of people that came in. Every brother and his provider still is selling me on I know how to do PPC and with AI. And it's like, Listen, you guys are a dime a dozen. Now go solve the pricing problem. They're like, what does that mean? Right? We could show you standard price and you can do an automatic discount. I'm like, it's so much more deeper than that. All that stuff I learned about advertising in terms of the time. What do they call it? You know, the time based thing. I forgot the word for it, but when that became a big thing, like, go do that with pricing. Like, you know, come up with some great ways in couponing and promotions and all the other brand tailor promotions and all the other stuff. Like, it's the wild wild west for you. Nobody's like, I can find, and you're telling me, seller snaps, I'll definitely have to check, but that's like, yeah, like, that's the big deal.

Speaker  966597:20
Yeah, there's a lot to it.

Speaker  968005:20
Well,

Speaker  968373:20
guys, I really appreciate all the time in the conversation. I will have another call in a month. I will talk with Alex and find out what what makes sense to do.

Speaker  972554:40
I'm sure she'll, she'll be more than happy to turn over the turn over to you, really,

Speaker  974026:40
either way is fine by me. I am not flush full of free time, but I happen so

Speaker  976544:00
well we, and I'm sure, I mean, I'd throw my hat in. I mean, if you feel like you need to share like every other one or something, we can do that, or Alex can do it, or I'm sure we can all help

Speaker  979200:00
out. Yeah, what? Yeah, whatever, whatever makes sense. And I just want a group to exist for us large catalog sellers. So whatever it takes to make that happen, I'm going to check out sellers snap because we manually pricing ourselves all the time too. I love the idea that the map pricing overnight thing. We have to worry about that, but it could be super useful, especially like on our toy brand, most of our sales come between, like, 5pm Eastern and like 1am Eastern and just like, bump up a little bit in the evenings.

Speaker  989802:39
Maybe, yeah, really cool, great idea, see,

Speaker  990826:40
but you're doing that, Daniel, you're you're doing that manually, right? Like somebody is

Speaker  992240:00
right now we are. We're back to manual again. None of the tools I've tested work well, so we're back to manually. I mean, we have a purchase group calculated all out, and then it'll kick out a file, so we'll have to upload that file, and all the prices will change. And then either the next day or the next week, depending on our spacing, we'll do it again. Do it again. So all the calculations are semi automatic and just need to be rude and that, but still uploading the flat file with all the new pricing, that's still manual,

Speaker  999077:20
no more than once a day, though, right? You're not doing the time based thing, yeah, no, no,

Speaker  999973:19
just no more than once a day Exactly. And I still do it because I still don't trust the Yeah, I wouldn't either. 10 cents. 10 cents. Yeah,

Speaker  1003061:20
yeah,

Speaker  1003333:20
that before, yeah,

Speaker  1004266:40
oh, you've just reached minimum price on everything. Okay?

Speaker  1005018:40
And then they just shut them off, instead of stick to the minimum price, which is moronic. Don't shut listing off. Keep when I you know, if it's minimum price 10 bucks, and someone puts in $5 sell it at $10 that's what minimum pricing is for. Don't shut the listing off. Suppress listing. Yeah.

Speaker  1011280:00
Anyway, yeah.

Speaker  1011584:00
All right, back to reality. Good call. All right.

Speaker  1013056:00
Thank you. It said by i.
