Expert Call with Retailbound
Date: February 12, 2025

Speaker  00:00
John, welcome everyone. We have John here from retail bound, and he's going to be presenting about if your brand is good for retail. Thanks John for being here.

Speaker  3840:00
Thanks for having me here. Let me share my screen here. Yes. Um,

Speaker  9205:20
there we go. Cool. You all see my screen? Yes, cool. All right, cool. Well, welcome, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, right? My name is Johan Jacob, and here talk about, you know, at Amazon brand owners, how to get into retail and and COVID. Are you truly ready for retail? Retail? Not easy. It was, is I would be out of a job, right? And then two, how do you depart attention? If we do is the right fit for you, where it's at Costco or Vespa or QVC, how to get their reader barred attention, and then obviously, as balance said, Being good questions definitely stay up to the end. I'll be happy to answer them. Okay, so what about me? Real quickly, this handsome guy been around for a long time in the retail space about over 30 years. Not to date myself, I'm the founder and president of retail bound. We're a very large retail Shelby ACA in North America. We work with lots of retailers, from Apple to Costco to target to Walmart as well, as well as retail up in Canada as myself, I was on one of few retail consultants today, but then both sides of the retail buyers desk. So I started my career as a manufacturer, selling retailers like Best Buy, copy, USA and target, made a lot of mistakes more. I went down as webinar today, but it was successful. And that became a very, very large we could buy for two different donor retailers. And there's really good the best. We help brands try to work with retailers, retail. We help brands in many different ways, from again, prepared on their own truck retailers to actually being their fractional VP of marketing sales. Imagine retail opportunities today, we work over 100 retailers in US and Canada. That excludes 1000 smaller retail done through distribution. Just recently, like we go, we launched a retail accelerator, great for Amazon brand owners that want to expand in retail this year next year will be part of a group format where you're one of eight brands in a core they're learning together about pricing, packaging, let's just and so forth. So today you're gonna learn a couple things. One, you'll learn how far, like me think, which is kind of scary. We're not. We're not that mean. So I'll teach you how we think and how we look at new opportunities in our retail space, and to how do we present products the right way at the retail bar, I seen Thomas ways of people try presenting me both in person, over the phone or over the web, and unfortunately, may don't get a second chance of making a they weren't taught the right way how to present to retailers. So Danny Graham, owner, and you're doing well, like, why should go to retail, right? I mean doing well, doing a million dollar and doing 10 million, I'm doing I have a billion dollar. Why is your going to retail? One get into retail like a Best Buy or a target, gives you legitimacy or street cred that you're a brand. I know it's challenging to get your brand up on Amazon, right, other marketplaces, but getting your product into a Best Buy store, right? Take some skill if you get on Best Buy shelves, that gives you a little an attaboy, right? So definitely get on a retail shelf. Give you a street cred that you're a brand. Uh, today, you would with, with how strong on these, especially during COVID Today, same percent of US sales still occur in store. In fact, up north, like in Canada, it's even less than that. It's actually more than that, almost, almost almost 85% of sales in Canada are done in store. So again, while you're online, is great, from a convenience getting in store to great way of building your brand. Since COVID, a lot of retail have really upped their omni channel game, e that you can shop via mobile, via web, buy online, pick up in stores. A lot of retail, like home people, Walmart and own spot have definitely improved their omni channel strategy. Well, audience sales have been growing. No shot y'all been doing great on Amazon. Other group. Have been done very well for product brands like yours, such as QVC, HSN, which are basically 24/7, CD, direct response networks, even catalog be way bad. There are older, older adults like your parents or grandparents that first jump from a catalog, and typically those buyers aren't price sensitive, like like Amazon is where in catalog they're paying by premium price to buy a product in print, and then finally, where it's online, in store, in printer, on air, retail, they are stolen for great product, but it's yours to kind of fill their shelves and route their online in store assortment. So always ask this question, when doing these kind of webinars, is when is when you don't reach up buyers? What is under one goal? Well, think like for a second before we answer it quietly. So the one goal, or, you know, or the secret is, selling to retail buyers is making the retail buyer shop easier. Seems common sense. I can tell you, as a large buyer, it doesn't happen, and that's why you see a lot of brands here day and gone tomorrow at your favorite retailer. Retailers or vendors yourself, they make it easier for retailers, right? Get more opportunities and become vendor partners. What's that mean? You get more shelf space, maybe more free marketing assets, right? Make opportunities to train their social associates, right? So you make the bar shop easier. There are opportunities for you to grow within that particular retail account. And if you don't, I guarantee you your competition. Competition will you probably ask, well, Yohan, um, how do I read a bar job easier? Pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Here, the here are the, you know, the nine or 10 ways how to make the bar job easier. Awesome. Number one is communication. You know, both rent and rebel. So there's good news, or especially bad news, like a cost increase, a delay in shipment, a quality issue. Let the buyer know right away. No, don't wait to the last minute, because it won't allow a buyer to change their their their business strategy. So definitely, communication is the number one thing to do to make your job easier. Complete, you have setup sheets, right? You know Amazon, how you step on on their on their platform may be different than in store at Target, right? So you gotta make sure that you complete the set sheets on time and correctly having images or samples. Obviously, you know this. You know, shop if you're on Amazon, you know, camera ready images and videos and content when they sell your product. Same for retail, especially in store, but they need to image, I can do a call it the official prop, so, you know, I have this on the shelf right. Pricing, very important, what's their cost, what's the margin, what are the back end rebates? These are things they need to know for design, if you're a fit or not, availability and lead time. You know, COVID That definitely a big, a big impact a lot of retailers, because inventory is another one liability, any, any balance sheet for a retailer. So they try to cut it kind of close on having intern at the right time, at the right place and so forth. So knowing saying your lead time to shift from your factory to your warehouse to the retail is very important, including, you know, forecasting and stock balancing, and finally, marketing. You know, no retail aren't accurate every single product category. So having Fox sell sheets, having web or Cal copy, having a promotional calendar. Things You Probably do in Amazon are also as important with retail, like Gus by and Home Depot and target and five, you're a brand that's in categories that transition quickly, like electronics, right here's here's iPhone 16. Is iPhone 17, and all the accessories that go along with that, right? So if you're selling iPhone accessories on on Amazon, I have 115 16, how come a new 17? Right? What do you do with that retail you should best buy that has like, two months inventory on iPhone 16 or 15, right? So have an extra strategy before you present your new product. Okay, before you buy the new product, you're going to start on on selling through or liquidating the old product. So those are things you want to do then make the buyer shop easier. So. So I'll see, like a retail bar, we ask similar questions for for P, want to be clients a retail about so one is, do you have products at customer? One? DAW, right. It's not selling at Amazon. Why would it be selling at Best Buy or Walmart? Right? So A, do your products at Kat? One, right? B, Geo, profit margin on Amazon, 3p which I assume many are 3p

Speaker  168197:20
that you pay, you pay a monthly fee and a commission. Retailers, how they make money is a buy, sell. So they buy at a cost of x, sell it for, y in between is the margin they take the bank, right? So you have margin that they can generate to to keep the keep the doors open, the lights on. And finally, I just want for myself and the retail buyer is the beginning, is you follow through on the problems you make to people. Kat is a large buyer myself. I fired more my fair share of brands that didn't, didn't follow through on the last one right where, again, as a buyer, am I here to be your best friend? I'm here to make money. I'm here to drive sales. I'm here to keep my job at a best or target. And if you're not following through on your commitments, you know not shipping on time, call offer you call increases. How you get a hold of why do I work with you? Right? So these are things we're gonna we're gonna ask you, because we're gonna be asked, probably, by the retail buyer. So the first one I do, if you're, if you're, if you're doing yourself, you need to hire a retailer to help you do. You need to develop a good market strategy, right? Again, seems pretty common sense. Again, a lot of brand to talk to you, especially with outside of us, don't understand other retail, other than the traditional fast bar Home Depot, that could be good fit for them, right? So again, you don't necessarily you want to see, okay, whether read to make sense, not every retailer is an ideal candidate for your product brand. So identify who they are. You also want to know, what do they buy? Some retail like as buy buy off, because industry, they're in electronics, where retails like like Target in, in small appliances, so I don't buy a free conduct camera doesn't change as frequent, right? You also want to understand, you know, their sales and operations, how they doing, definitely, you know, Google or any reports can tell you, you know, are they expanding? Are they shrinking? Right? Bill to pay, invoices. This, you know, is more of, you know, talking to our suppliers. Are they getting paid on time? Uh, traditional retail payment term is usually between net 30, net 90, that's 60 minute average. Basically the large retailers, smaller mile power retailer probably net 30 means that I take about 30 days to pay your invoice. Uh, where larger retail is usually 60 days or longer. Besides going direct to retail, think about distribution. If you're a small brand doing maybe a couple million dollar on Amazon, it's maybe a couple of SKUs for bigger retailers in the beginning, they may use a distributor that's basically a mill between you and them with its own margin, right? So look at distribution as part of your go market strategy. And then finally.com, versus brick and mortar. Obviously, Amazon is.com only. You know, brick and mortar is a different, different set of strategy. But again, you know where you're online, at Best Buy or in store at Best Buy. What's your strategy to build awareness and to drive sales. There are a lot of mistakes mappers make. I made some of those. I was in your shoot 30 years ago. I got the most common ones, lack of operation, right? Like I said before, like a job interview, read about can tell which ones are ready to work with them, and we just aren't. Hopefully, after this 40 minute webinar, you'll be a little bit better prepared when talking to a Home Depot at Best Buy or QVC, or promising under delivering how many in sales you want that you want that deal right and you sure leadership tomorrow. Sure we can do some marketing. Sure get that cost right. So again, do not over prompt and deliver. Who's going to bite you and on the back end line? Again, probably, you know, not common, but I see it once a while, because part of the sale process, right? So don't lie. If you can't do it, don't don't say you can. Again, buyers like me have very good memories, and you burn at Best Buy, which is Minneapolis, downtown Minneapolis, right, or suburban Minneapolis, if you go to Target right, they're not going to buy you there. So make sure you don't lie, because again, it could follow you from retail. Are, and finally, they mentioned earlier, poor follow through, right? Reburs have a job to do. They rely on their suppliers like yourself to make a job easier, right? And if you're going to make the job difficult, you're not going to last very long on the shot at Best Buy or target before you meet for retail buyer, the company. Gotta think about one. Make sure you have a sample that it can touch and feel that's among kind of people. Seeing an image on a deck on a website doesn't mean I mean much I want to see it. I want to, I want to, I want to play with it, right? I want to demo it, right? So make sure, before you do the bar very at least have an image, but ideally, have a sample they can show him, or at least ship him before the meeting starts, make sure packaging is finalized. You know, this box right here is not a retail box, and it's great for Amazon, great for any art.com it's a white box with a little image. But for retail, it's got to tell a story, right? It's gonna be colorful. Maybe this one has to have a hand tag UPC coach, right? So before you borrow you have your physical retail design. Or is it renderings to get fires feedback, uh, make sure, like I mentioned earlier, about making the job easier, you understand what the margins are, so you understand what is their pricing you present to them, what kind of back end rebate, where it's marketing, the collective allowances Co Op they're going to offer, right? You think you should already have in place before you meet with the bar. So you know there's no surprises on both your end and the buyer's end. Yeah, this is kind of common sense, but make sure you identify what are the benefits are featured again, the farm may not be an accurate year period category, as you're buying many categories, so make sure you identify and including state why your body is awesome and what are the key selling benefits to the pot, as well as how better than the competition. You know, Amazon is pretty easy to identify a lot of brands, especially in Canada, like air purifier, massage guns, right? But how is your product better than brand A or brand B they're carrying today in their store or their website? Uh, marketing and everything plans really important. You know, I always tell our clients getting on Best Buy or Home Depot shelves was actually an easy part. You can believe that the hard part is that you stay on a shelf at Best Buy Home Depot. Should I do it? Marketing, right? There's like Amazon. You can do no reverse reviews, do paid search and CO ads and promotions, sort of Best Buy and other retailers, you have a marketing plan in place to build awareness, so you can drive traffic to Home Depot and then Best Buy and return. Get those read, PPOs, gain, repeat. Pos is a sign of longevity with any retail where it's Best Buy, Target or Home Depot, an example. Before you have to be a retail buyer, make sure if it's a new product won't be able to ship, right? Or if you're on back order, when went to ET, it went back in stock, right? Um, houses, you know, drawing Amazon is crazy for you. How are sales, you know, year, a day, my day, right? What are your best sellers? Right? So, alright, like, a stats on a baseball card. How are sales, right? You also want to know returns and the fact, again, if you're on Amazon, it's pretty simple to figure it out. If you're selling 1000s of dollars a day by your return, $100 a day in returns, not good, right? Typically, for most brands, almost for most retail brands, I say between one of 3% is ideal target as a defective rate or a return rate. I guess if you're if you're in that double digit, and it's not common for your category, you want to borrow at 12% but here's what we're doing to lower that rate. Bars. Like me don't want to sell a boomerang, sell it and come back. They want to sell it and keep it sold. And by the way, you know, returns Amazon probably most, probably most generous retail comes returns. So, so again, about 50% return on Amazon is probably in the mid to high single digits for traditional retail. Okay, so just gonna apply that. You know, the retail kind of high returns are high on Amazon, probably lower in a more physical retail location. Speaking of Amazon, on online and talking to bar, make sure your price is in line. So if you're, if you're on Amazon and you're at 4999 and you own the buy box, great, but if you're being hijacked by scrupulous third parties, right, or other marketplaces like Walmart marketplace or new ED marketplace, or whoever, right, you know it may not be your fault, but your prices are all the board. So. Yeah, it's not good for retail. Retailers like, that's fine, hard. Don't want to compete against yourself on Amazon. So your Amazon pricing and your best buy.com price or better in store pricing should be one the same. There should be no other interest or or chunk issues.

Speaker  325184:00
Testimonial, obviously, if you're a high three star, definitely a four star and above, yeah, much easier to have a conversation with a retail bar if you're a two star or three now, star, I don't how long it lasts on Amazon, but I want to have a good conversation with a retail buyer, because they're going to see that. Hey, not for me. We want we want clear, happy, and need great reviews on their website. The Nerd plan, I ask a lot young, young, young, broad brand is, how do you how do you find bars of contact, right? Yeah, you're prepared. You got a strategy, you got pricing, you got collateral. Alright, I'm ready to go. Yeah, but now read to bow, right? How do I find buyers to contact? There's plenty of out there, right? How do you do it, right? So think about it for a second. So here's the man, here's some possible ways so I can find people like me about when I was a buyer, talk to one. Networking link is a great way to research and find your buyers, or find manufacturers that work with the workloads buyers and try and network right offline various networking events that you can go to to meet with potential retail buyers or suppliers that work at retail. The network a great way to try and find the right buyer to contact for your product brand. Other ways inbound. We're doing, uh, paid ads, email campaigns, inquiries from from websites live is a retail bar, you know, I, I think I saw online, and as you get response back from the sales manager or marketing manager on, hey, thanks for reaching out. He's more podcast. So he's a narrow way of getting bar information is more through inbound trade shows, which I'll explain a little later. More about how to how to do a trade show, but trade shows are a great way. I just got back from the consumer electronics show about a month ago, where we call it CS, uh, there's about 140,000 people that attended this four day Show in Las Vegas. So again, the control electronic space is a great show to meet with retail buyers and distributor and other partners to help build your brand in 2025 and find directories when I was in your shoes as a manufacturer three years ago, when you have the Internet back then there, was a directories that every one to three years update fire kind of information and so forth. So James door guide, but it's still in existence. It's a great resource to to access your paid or free I went to the library back then. I actually had this, and I use that directly. Helped me find retail or creative buyers to talk to. Now, today's buyers are kind of unique bunch. Uh, it's going job in corporate retail that affects every finance department. You know, where it's finance, uh, sourcing, AP, it, uh, visionizing and so forth, right? So forth, right? So, the very it's a very important job. Lavar is the king or queen. He managed large performance. Again, you saw in his slide earlier. My biggest line was over eight, $50 million that's a huge P, L, he and my smallest line was $43, million a year. It's like, that's like a mid sized company, right? So, buyers have a lot of stuff on their plate. Here's some things about a buyer. Again, I said they have a lot of responsibility. They're managing these little multi millionaire P and L's. They're very busy, because they can affect lots of departments at a court retail wearing mobile hats. They're much they're very special literate, which actually a good thing, analyzing data. They usually run reports, usually on Mondays. That's why it's probably a bad time. I talked to him on a Monday about how big the line is of managing teams. My biggest line, I had probably AP report to me, managing inventory levels and finally, creating internally as well, but the suppliers or vendors, marketing bank, where it's in store, online and so forth. Read. Buyers don't have an open checkbook. It's like you and I for balancing arts and we're buying groceries, buying presents, right? There's things they have to consider, like you as a consumer, where they buy or not your product. So there's really four things to look at. One is consumer demand, right? So if you're in the smart home space, you have a small camera he saw on Amazon, right? That's a hot category, right? Small, you know, doorbells, small cameras, small door locks, right? Okay, so they'll look at your your demand, look at the price on and then Bell. Leaves. Look at market trends. Tomorrow is still, is still a small category, but growing. So we're making VCRs now, probably not a good place to be in, right? So what are the trends for this category? You play in store policies. Why I bought one time video games, and back then it was M rated games, and our the retail worked for we were allowed to bring in M rated games in our store. Okay, so what is your policies? If you sell guns, you sell X rated product, you know, probably a tough time selling a million retailers. So understand, what are policies and these things they look at now, last thing bars look at, besides demand, trend and policies, is as a budget. Again, there's an open checkbook, like how my kids no money tree in the backyard, right? So they want to make sure that they can afford to buy your product and it actually will make them money. But any day, regardless of these four factors, the buy ones that you know, drive to their stores or their website or whatever, and they want to beat the competition, so I'm Best Buy. I'll be target, I'll be Walmart, I'll be Amazon, right? How might I do that? Hopefully, with your help, I'll get there as a supplier. A lot of time I get asked, Well, should I cold call, try Cody email, retail buyer. What a pros and con? What do you recommend? Help? Definitely the advantage of calling. You definitely find out if you're if you're in the line or not, right? That's the advantage of cold calling, right? Emailing. You can cheap. You can buy a list, probably, and sell hundreds or 1000s of emails to reach a bar, right? So there's some some advantage of calling versus email, right? What is the magic? Right? You know, who has new cold call? I don't, right, and get the phone slam on you, right? Emailing, you know, we all have spam laws out there was the last time you open an email that you heard before, right? So sound emails to buyers. You make one that I call black hole. My recommendation be for brands here, pick one. It's actually cold calling. What bars are you know? Now, if you are struggling back to Office, title, you should get hold of them. Versus maybe 2021, we're working remotely, right? I remember maybe, you know, call calling a a retail bar, get them on the phone call for a few minutes, right? And then send an email to kind of recap the conversation, right?

Speaker  441829:20
But never, never. You know,

Speaker  442677:20
email saw first email, second, right, saying samples. When I was a manufacturer, they just samples, like coming on, call me back right, climbing on fire, and you why they get so many samples. They didn't ask for that. Their office again full. They literally are thrown away. You might have burned. Go do it. But for many brands we work with, they can't do this and don't send samples, so you get the green light from the buyer. Now, if you're doing cold calls, right, there are some roadblocks, right? Yeah, voicemail, wrong person, right? Gatekeepers, right? And those things can be solved pretty easily in practice, but if you do get a hold of somebody, right, the purpose of a cold call to a retail is not to sell your product right now, to sell your brand, right? The of your cold call to a region is to get a meeting, a second meeting, they weren't prepared to talk to you right mind your own business and you call them right? So first another call is really get a get get some initial interest, and it's getting a year another call when they have more time to talk, to learn more about you, or email ABA if, basically meaning, if you're in the area, typically, your initial phone call should maybe a couple of minutes, maybe a minute or two or two at most. We really want to talk about a couple things. One, we want to talk about who you are, right and who you work for. Give quick overview of your company. Ask is a good time to talk? And it's something you want to definitely take notes like, I can't tell me time is a buyer, or you pick the phone and Hey, my name is Bob, and we're into the pitch. Wait a second. You don't know if I have to leave our meeting. You know, I'm busy. Ask them hey, is going to talk? They say yes. Then continue. They say no, so I apologize. I'll call you back. Uh, when working for you, right, boss, you want to discuss why you're calling? Yeah, come because you're bored. Calling because, hey, I have a product and maybe a good fit for your, for your, for your in store online. Somebody why? You know, it's my son. Well, on Amazon, I want to talk to you, right? That's why, one great phrase I would use to get an appointment with a buyer in the future. Now, by the way, you always buy. Are experimenting with untested vendors. You as Amazon sellers, have an advantage, right? Because it's very easy for a buyer to go on Amazon, look at your pricing, look at your content, for your review, and obviously, you know, sharing your sales, right? If you're selling on your own website, they really can't get a feel, but on Amazon, they can get that. And so that's one advantage you guys have over other brands that don't launch on Amazon first, by the way. Similar objection. How best to answer them, right? So one is not only the first retail the first kind of care, right? That's common, right? So you wanted to address their concerns. Talk about the call your product. How about your reviews? How about your service? You know, try to ease their concerns that just converted you're the first retailer to mean that you're gonna be held with all unsold problem. Share it. You're some past success story on Amazon, and hopefully they'll feel more comfortable in peer proctor their stores or their website or inventory, and open a bot again. Like us, we have a budget, right? So if by chance, they're not able to afford product today, they have too much inventory. Offer a couple things. Offer maybe longer payment terms, and you may set up net three, maybe it's net 60, offer me consignment where they don't, they don't pay for the product so it's sold through. Or the last one, which I don't recommend, they maybe you buy your competitors product on the shelf and replace what yours. I've done a few times with some success, but again, honestly, a big wallet, I wouldn't recommend that. Last strategy first is too high. It probably doesn't the most positive junction I hear from retail buyers. And I would tell you, as a consultant, don't be the first to lower your price. You start lower your price, your cost and that you're losing. You make less money, and retail, like my kids aren't cheap date, right? So before you lower your point at Option A, um, how about again? How about your talk about your your sales. Talk about your marketing plan. How about things of why you're a brand to to pick up? First of all, yeah, sure. I'll lower from 1999 to fourth 99 and make less money, right? So try not to lie your price is too high and be the first to to buckle. And finally, last thing I hear a lot is, I have center pocket management. So if you're selling the product that's in a very doesn't care, like massage guns or headphones or iPhone cases, right? You know, assets are tough categories, especially in retail. Well, if there's ways to how the buyer may consulate me, they have three brands in massage guns, right? And your massage gun brand can, can cover all three brands, right? And it's a lower price. So the Win, win for the customer and make more margin the buyer. Win, win, win, right? So you can, you limit three vendors off their shelf, make their job easier. Content, your lower retail price. So so definitely go, will definitely like that and make you more more more profit margin, which is great for them, for their bottom line. So that's one way of of answering that objection has some problems, and in my assortment, same sample, as mentioned earlier. Don't send a sample to get the green light. If you do get the green light, send a sample. Make sure you get two things going. One, you remember the name and Henry Yo, what? It's not easy to spell right, so make sure you spell incorrectly in the right address. Are you shipping to their home? Are you shipping to their office? You from their office? Make sure the correct the correct nail stuff, because, you know, Best Buy walk, they're like cities themselves. Is huge, 1000 employees, right? So make sure you have the correct name and address equation the sample. And also make sure, this really important, you generate a time to fall. It can't have time to get a sample, and it's been weeks for months because they forget about it, right? Or they send a sample they received on today, and they call me like within an hour we received, I would say, Leave about maybe a week to two weeks after we see a sample. Then give a call. You call it too soon, or call it too late, you're going to irritate the bar, either way, about one or two weeks by a good time, Kat, with a phone call. Rachel, as mentioned, that's a great way of finding retail buyers. It's a you know, and there's things I think you to make it successful. Here's some tips that I use. I tell my clients. One is, make sure that Trisha, you is right for you, for commit, I have clients sometimes actually go to a show year one, just to walk it talk some other exhibit. Will they commit to exhibit for next year? So make sure that the show is right for you and your brand, uh, make sure your strategy. Why are we there? Are you there to because the boondoggle you want to free. You want to go to Vegas. You. Or either to you know, find retail suppliers or retail buyers. Get media attention. Watch showcase your new products. Find, I should partner. Why? Why are you gonna spend the money and time and effort? Go to a trade show right? Make sure that people, you know, I've seen people as one person. There's no way under how good shape you are. They can. You can spend 12 hours a day for three or four days doing a treat by yourself. You need, you need some mental time. You do that bath. You gotta eat, right? So make sure people to cut up food. If you don't have enough people on your team, where orientations that you can hire brand ambassadors that can work to move with you, side by side, make sure with you, or it's on your team that you know, again, it's getting common sense. But Kat, how many times I walk by boots and pure on their iPhones? Very rude, not good eye contact, common sense thing. But I've seen this before at may trade shows. Hopefully you don't make these mistakes. Make sure you're smart team. If your pocket is very technical in nature, there's someone in there that can answer those kind of questions, because there are bars like me that may know more than a common person and may want to stump you. Make sure you are telling the truth. Make sure you demonstrations, the great way of getting people in your booth. Remember, at CES there's probably 5000 exhibitors, so saying your companions, 5000 other other factories, other brands, right? So, like, if you go to your booth versus competition, demonstrations are a great way to gain people to check out your body. This is really important, um, nice shows to all of our clients. Make sure protocol about hot leads for prospects. I can't tell many times the buyer I gave my my business card, I scanned my badge, and still, after 20 years, I got a phone call yet, right? So make sure you have a protocol internally. If you're gonna pay all that money go to a trade show, it's important to get an ROI. You got any warm leads, and finally, don't get to say thank you to the tanks who stopped by your booth. And again, don't get those, those free cookies once you get an interest from a retail buyer and you gotta meet in person one, create a call a folder of stuff,

Speaker  597344:00
obviously over your company, right? No, even if you're showing your Samsung, no, definitely a company on your own business, some employees, things like that, testimonials, customers, marketing research, common things you want to have in your deck, we're sures so, you know, sell sheets, PDFs, right? You can print out price list. If you have more than one SKU, you know, definitely you wanna have a price list, but you have your best seller. So you recommend that retailer copy your deck. So if you're mean with Best Buy in person in Minneapolis, they have a physical copy, so they can write notes right afterwards. Uh, business card. I know it's a little Pache, but again, there are people like me that's still alive. Business cards. Just write low notes. So have a business card in your in your printing folder. Again, common sense stuff. When you are doing printing decks, they download the deck with automation, bring in car all you want to see the product, basically the product. You wanna see your pricing. Don't see what your marketing plan. Those really the three big things. So don't put a lot of gibberish on your on your ducks. Keep it simple. Makes the orders of your site make makes makes sense. The sequence makes you list the benefits of each feature and then earlier, don't assume they know. They know or understand. And keep better. Have a printer feature when you do meet a buyer. Invest by Minneapolis, use common sense. So don't if you're a smoker, don't smoke, don't wear a lot of perfume. Don't chew gum, don't arrive late. Again, common sense stuff. Again, I've seen mistakes a lot in my path as a buyer. Make sure the samples are working. You know, if they're not working, reschedule. The worst one I do is get to a meeting and it doesn't work, right, and you get in your time tap dance your way through a meeting. So don't waste your time. Make sure that are working. Hopefully I gave you a point with the buyer. The last slide, we should have copies of the deck. They can hand out to the buyer and his team. They can write notes and take after the meeting. Small Talk should be brief. Saucy Super Bowl was this past weekend, right? So get a meeting with Best Buy on Monday or or today. Don't spend in your hour. Means spend 30 minutes. Not about the chiefs, you know, right? Why they lost, right? Keep small talk as little as possible. But listen carefully, buyers, especially larger retail to work with book version, you can't get lots of information publicly, but they can tell if you can read between the lines, they may kind of tell you what you want you to hear. So definitely listen carefully and take good notes. And any items they give you, or I call homework makes you follow items. And finally, you're not there to mute a bar and have a good time. Okay, here to make money, you want to close the sale, so make sure that, if you're taking notes and you're in your follow up, your goal is that mean or follow up meetings is to close the sale once you get green line from a Best Buy or the retailers. Other agreements, right? Unlike Ibo, like Amazon, if it's pretty intensive, certain terms and conditions, like payment terms I would pay you up front, there's a consignment the payment terms of net 60, net 90, right? I mean discounts are paying early marketing, everything, allowances. Some retailers have certain program fees they require, or it may be negotiable around the retailer that's also included in the agreement, as well as detectives and incentives to help buy more right. These are all the common things we see in the agreement, besides the vendor agreements, also get vendor compliance, how to ship, how to take orders, how to invoice. They do it incorrectly, like Amazon is court against you on your report card, and you're charged, right? If you ship short, ship late, no, no packing stuff, no barcode, right? So very important that you, when you get the better compliance manual that you or somebody team reads it you know, and knows it from back back to back to front, returns part of negotiations. Or is a retail going to any kind of returns where it's effective or partner? Or do they send it back to you that it destroyed in field? That's something you also want to negotiate in your country, quit with a retailer. My other things want to address warranties, like the stock from a drop ship. Who is paper free? Is there an order things like that? You'll make sure you go through before you you move forward with that particular retailer. So finally, or in summary, summer retail is not difficult. If all these three small principles, hey, prepared, hopefully, after this, this webinar, you feel a little more prepared than you were maybe an hour ago. Again, I said, before be successful retail, make my job as a buyer easier, and finally, always follow through on your promises. And that is the end of my presentation.

Speaker  676464:00
Any questions you

Speaker  679333:20
Why must be clear, right?

Speaker  680901:20
Well, you got a heart from heart law.

Speaker  682965:20
Opportunity. You mean, the industry favorite is there's little opportunities in retail where it's brick and mortar, online, catalog, TV, even premium incentive. So if you're an Amazon seller, definitely one little tidbit, be a client on Amazon by doing, you know, many million dollars a year, we're hoping getting to Lowe's men are and Costco and 2021 very large Amazon aggregator farm for $120 million in cash. Okay, that's a lot of money, right? Wasn't because they do on Amazon, one reason, but because they were extending their brand outside Amazon. Cannot be relying on Amazon only as their main corporate strategy. So diversifying their portfolio and selling to Home Depot, Menards or loan made their their company more valuable, right? When selling to an ambient aggregator, they want to buy them for a loan money. So something to think about, as you're looking at your boomers trade for 2025 right? And say, is Amazon my own sales channel? You know, could be or the other channels market really retail, like Best Buy or target or Kohl's. They could be another way of building my brand outside of the Amazon ecosphere. You

Speaker  707024:00
Thanks, Patrick, yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad you're a whole major retailers, and hopefully a lot of the stuff I share with you was applicable to what you're you're dealing with with those retail accounts. By the way.

Speaker  710917:20
Okay, awesome. Thank you everyone for joining. Thanks you Johan, especially, for being with us, for sharing such valuable information. And I don't know if anyone needs anything else. If not, you can go your way.

Speaker  716106:40
Thank you so much for having me, Valen, and I wish you the best luck there. All right.

Speaker  717018:40
Thank you. Thanks everyone. Bye, bye.
