MDS Large Catalog Sellers Monthly Call
Date: November 10, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Tiktok advertising and our tea our fingerboard brand, went like 3x in matter of a couple days. And it's not even from influencers or anything. It's just literally our brand, branded search went through the roof, and Amazon's like 2x what it was. So we're now trying to figure out how to source more stuff.

Speaker  5893:20
I still want to see you carry one of those fingerboards around and play with it

Speaker  6821:20
all the time. Hold on, hold on. Two weeks ago, I got a fingerboard.

Speaker  9589:20
There you go. I

Speaker  10005:20
had it.

Speaker  10373:20
First time I've ever seen you hold one of those.

Speaker  11178:40
And I could, sort of, you can't quite see it, but I can sort of do it now anyways,

Speaker  13898:40
is that one of your products or, yeah,

Speaker  14538:40
yeah. So it's a fingerboarding company. So we sell, we design, manufacture, distribute fingerboards. So we make some in I don't know why it's doing that. We make some in Rochester, but we all like this. One was handmade, but we also source them from China and sell a lot through our DTC site, Amazon. Okay, I'm assuming this is all that's coming probably,

Speaker  21664:00
let's see, because I We did send the invites. Okay, Chris and William were supposed to be here, but they are not so, and Eric and Lee said that maybe, and you guys didn't answer. So maybe, I don't know we can just wait for two more minutes, just in case. Yeah, one more person right now. Nice and yeah, I spoke with Eugene, and he told me, the thing that Alex is doing is kind of a very different thing. So you can't, you can join forces, if you'd like, but it's like, I don't think the people who are going to go there are not going to come here, just because it's just similar, because I don't think it is,

Speaker  37136:00
yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm, I think the, my hope and goal is to have this be valuable for Whoever joins it. And, yeah, I part of

Speaker  41157:20
this Pete. I go to the other one too. It's, it's, I think it's, you know, they're both similar. This is only the second one that Matthew, we're doing, but I sense that there the Alex one is more ad hoc. Really, it's just four or five of us just going around the room saying what's kind of going on over the last couple of weeks. And so there's no, you know, it's ad hoc. And, you know, that's fine. I think we're both, you know, there's a small group. There's still what, however, we cut it up. There's not a lot of us out there in MDS, so, yeah, I kind of think, yeah,

Speaker  50944:00
they were saying that. I think it was Eugene was, I can't remember, someone was saying, like, based on the size of the group, if it's under a certain size, it tends to not do quite as well, like long term, because it's like there's only so much experience share and whatnot that can. It ends up being more like a not a squad, but in that size frame, right? Like you're not getting a ton of new ideas and people, but either way. So next month, I was trying to get him to do it this month, but he's actually month, but he's actually at this at Amazon unbox, like the ad conference, so he couldn't do it this month. But the guy who manages my ads, and you know, 10s of 1000s of campaigns that kind of stuff, said he was willing to talk and just answer questions and or share how he manages it, and it won't be a pitch for their his services at all, just be kind of what he does that'll be next month. But Peter, I don't know if you got all the answers you wanted from both your post and or your message, but it it inspired a ton of thinking on my end, because I because I was like, I don't know if I have the answers that, and I'm the person who could be in charge of that.

Speaker  71765:20
So, yeah, it's sorry if you hear wind in the background, I'm going to go back home. I didn't think it was just taking a walk, but Okay, sounds pretty good. You can hear me. Okay,

Speaker  76490:40
yeah, yeah. So Peter's message was, was related to, basically, like, FBM, like, so customer service, like, how do you how do you track down when customers try to like, talk to you from multiple places, Amazon, email multiple channels, returns, all that kind of stuff through the Amazon platform. I didn't I tried to find your post. I couldn't find your post because you'd mentioned that you posted about it. Did you have a lot of action on there.

Speaker  86325:20
No, no, it's interesting, because it's a real pain in the ass point, and I'll happy to kind of go through it. But yeah, yeah, it's so I wanted somebody, and hopefully maybe it will be you, Matt, just to kind of at least commiserate with me. Because the answer I got back from, from a couple of people, was I just let it go and, you know, do the refund and not think about it. And I'm not, I'm just not really, you know, in this, I guess, in the scheme of things, you could sit there and go, you know, it's one or 2% I'm not going to worry about it, but they're ripping you off. And if they're not ripping you off, they're making your life hell, because it's typical Amazon style where the left hand and the right hand are not talking to each other. So you know a scenario can be, you get a request for a customer that says something like, go ahead and replace. I didn't get it, so issue a replacement. And then you you know, you go ahead and do the replacement. And they say, Well, okay, we got the replacement, but we also got the original. And now how are you going to get it back? And you know, Amazon will be like, we can't help you. You know, you already offered to do a replacement. It's like, yeah, I offered replacement because, you know, I didn't think it was gonna the first ship wasn't gonna get there. So that's like, one whole cluster of crap. Another cluster of crap can be like, Amazon, buy shipping. What the freak does that mean? Claim protected. Claim protection is totally whimsical and can depend on whoever it is at Amazon is a size to entertain what they think claim protection is, so they can say, Yes, it was claim protected. One thing that a lot of I used to fall for was if you if you issue a refund, and you see something is claim protected. You're like, All right, well, it's claim protected. The customer wants a refund. Now I'll go ahead and refund them, and then I'll I'll submit a claim to Amazon, because it was Amazon, buy shipping, Amazon, buy shipping will come back to you and say, oh, sorry. You already offered a refund, so you took care of it. And you're like, No, because you're supposed to reimburse me for I'm trying to get the customer answered in 24 hours, but because I refunded them, Amazon's like, nope, hands are clean. So now you got to go back to the customer, which we do all the time now, and we say to the customer, hey, understand you're frustrated because, you know, the carrier lost your shipment, but we basically insured this through a program called Amazon by shipping, which, you know, they don't care about, but I have to tell them, because if they the customer has to file the claim,

Speaker  130320:00
they have to go, you can't file the claim for them. Yeah, which?

Speaker  131232:00
But right. So it's like these little things, which are just maybe in the scheme of things, or, you know, $50 here, $100 there, and I'm and it just bugs the shit out of me, because it's wrong. And and then when you try to say, I'm going to file, like, an A to Z claim, or safety claim, safety,

Speaker  137717:19
yeah, right.

Speaker  138037:20
Or if they Well, if the eight, if they file an A to Z claim, then you have to appeal it, but, or if they'd ever filed one, but they Amazon just gave them a refund, then you can do a safe, safety claim. So it's, it's really, if you're trying to train a customer service person, like we are, it's like, if then, but if then, if, maybe, and then. Or, you know, it's like, the flow is just so convoluted. So anyway, that's my that's my frustration with it.

Speaker  145664:00
Yeah, no, I we Yeah, because we do probably 150 merch filled orders a day, ish, give or take, and we actually stopped using Amazon by shipping for well, a whole bunch of reasons, through ship station and, like, the ability to, anyways, we stopped doing it, and we did not see a market increase in like OTDR, and none of that stuff I know. I think Byron you and I talked about the one, like the on time delivery rate exemption you get from Amazon by shipping,

Speaker  157130:40
the automatic shipping settings plus Vico. Think those two things together, then they don't penalize you for on time delivery.

Speaker  160346:40
Yeah, yeah. And that's, that's right, that's, that's why we switched over to that was the primary reason I went to buy shipping. I just thought that claim protection on top of that would be kind of icing on the cake.

Speaker  162991:59
Um, but, but the clay, I mean, probably is it your main claim I did not receive. You know, isn't that more than anything else, and I You're gonna refund it, whether, whether they file a to z claim. Well, you know whether it gets to that point or whether you're refunding them before they file the refunding them anyway. So what?

Speaker  170453:20
Not, not always, not always. No, we've had full success with claim protection, everything. So we ship something UPS Amazon by shipping it gets lost. By ups, they'll come back and they'll say, oh, we'll refund you for the replacement cost.

Speaker  174138:40
What about? What about where? Like, my biggest problem is, you know, USPS, the post office marks it as delivered. The customer says they never got it. It, yeah, it's my fault, right?

Speaker  177696:00
That in that case you're kind of screwed. Yeah, you are. Then that's my biggest Yeah, but I have ones that are just by the shipper,

Speaker  181856:00
and you could file it with UPS directly. Or you could say, hey, Amazon, you know it's done under your claim protection program, but you're right. Sometimes they'll come back and they'll say, yeah, you still need to file with UPS. Or they'll take care of it themselves. It seems very whimsical from what I've been able to see.

Speaker  185797:20
Yeah, for the USPS stuff we have primarily switched to, we won't send anything. We don't have a hard dollar amount, but basically anything with a higher cog over like, you know, 15, $20 we will not ship at USPS, just because, unless it's huge, like you can, we have FedEx one rate today for like nine, $10 anywhere in the country. So it's like, you know the difference between six bucks ground advantage or 575, ground advantage, $9 and then you have FedEx on top of it,

Speaker  196368:00
one rate envelopes or packages.

Speaker  196992:00
Uh, so envelopes are like nine or envelopes are like 895, last I remember $9 in packs, which you can use your own packaging up to five inches in the small, the

Speaker  200405:20
smallest, yeah, large, yeah.

Speaker  201429:20
So it's ends up being like 975, or $10 today, anywhere, which, honestly, with with the reduction in Lost packages, it ends up being kind of a wash, right? Like, if you have to ship one out of every, let's say 20 packages, reship again, you've already probably more than paid for it. Maybe, I don't know, I haven't fully done it, but no,

Speaker  207834:40
yeah, I'm going through that soon. Yeah, we

Speaker  208640:00
so for us and beer, I hate to be like, be on the same train as the other people. What we did was refunds are different. For for replacements, we are just we're so I spent years being the person who, like, got super pissed and like, would track down and figure out whether a customer was lying to us or not, and then I can't remember who it was. Someone was like, Why do you spend the emotional energy on that? Like, don't make enough money. Like you're Yeah,

Speaker  218229:20
that's what I was saying. I know, but I just, it's just a very visceral

Speaker  219930:40
100% it, like, the the refund side of it, the refund side of it's trickier, though, because, right? Because if someone is scamming out of, like, two, $300 that pop, like, that's, that's a lot. I just, I don't know, I can't remember the price point of your items, but,

Speaker  224976:00
yeah, there's there. But that's right for the for the stuff that's, you know, 1520, $25, I don't really worry that much about, but you get into the $100 range, $200 range, and what I find is it's not usually malicious, like our product, you know, I'd like to say we have good customers, our customers, they just, you know, it goes in the garage. They didn't get it initially, because it went to a different office, and they're immediately, we need a replacement. We didn't get it, we didn't get it, we didn't get it. And so your choice kind of becomes a little bit of a crapshoot, because you can submit a replace, you could do a replacement and hope that they're going to send you back the original, but even if they do, you're going to have to pay for that. So sometimes that's a pain in the ass, or you tell them to wait, but then they could file an A to Z if you tell them to wait, right because then they'll say, Well, you didn't need to get so you're just kind of in a you're kind of in a quagmire in either case, but, but then the worst is when they do come back like, oh, sorry, guess what? We found it. And you're like, Okay, well, I sent another two or $300 worth of stuff to you. So, you know, send it back and and some of the times it's things like, Amazon, the address was all wonky. You guys probably get that too. And it's like, hey, Amazon, you're multi, multi, multi billion dollar company. Can't you verify addresses and not let it go through if it's not a correct address? And it's like, nope. So anyway, that's my frustration. But you're right. I've got a we're actually building a pretty good model through a bunch of Google sheets that takes all the messages, and then, like, chronologically stacks them up. And so I'm paying somebody in from the Philippines, like, $6 an hour, just to kind of, you know, whatever he can solve is just kind of icing on the cake. And so I'm kind of am getting out of it, but I would say that, yeah, if you could do it, and you can pay somebody $6 an hour, and it's not that hard to kind of get maybe a 60, 70% success rate, if you're just, you know, doing some light tracking is better than just throwing it away, because I don't think you should just let it go, because it's, it's real money, yeah, and maybe when I put this system together in a month, I'll come back And I'll show you how it works. But it's you just basically use a couple of shape years and some some Google Sheets and it, and you take in the messages that Amazon's throwing at you, and then you just stack it up, and you go, Okay, well, wait a second. Here's the traffic number for it. Here's that it was delivered. So therefore, file something with Amazon, if not, then do you know something different? But anyway, I just like to get things locked down and not have to worry about it more.

Speaker  269834:40
Do any of you guys use, like a customer service platform, like we use Gorgias for our fingerboard business, but we don't have Amazon connected to it, and I haven't done that yet.

Speaker  272944:00
It won't, yeah, it won't work, because a long time ago, I did gorgeous. But the my, my feeling, is that nobody really understands all the Amazon crap, like they don't have it built. Yeah, you can get a CRM, or you can get something that's gonna have a mo pad like this date I notify a customer, all that stuff, but in terms of the actual flow, I haven't seen anybody do that level of flow. If then type stuff, you think that there would be, like, all those people out there that do the reimbursements for, like, when shipments get lost at FBA, type people. Like, I don't know why they don't just take take this kind of thing on, because I think it would be a market person. Hey, let us just handle anytime you get a refund request, a replacement request, a loss delivery request, product comes back to you and it's all damage requests. Like, you know, I'd pay a couple $100 a month, probably for somebody that had a had a software that did that.

Speaker  289872:00
Anybody ever tried the customer service by Amazon again, like an email every couple weeks? I think it's a crapshoot. Probably they're just gonna refund, refund, refund,

Speaker  292672:00
but that's my fear. But I just

Speaker  293008:00
wonder if anybody ever tried it.

Speaker  293840:00
I haven't tried it. William, Chris,

Speaker  295477:20
no, I'm just guessing I give everyone a refund. That's what they do. Oh, you have a problem. Here's your money back.

Speaker  297845:20
Yeah, you're regarding customer service aggregators. I use intercom for a B to B business, and some Shopify stores, I think aggregating all the customer service emails to a point, and then if you wanted to really get crazy, do like a Zapier and grab the order information. And that way, at least you know when customers are emailing you, is this customer a problem child who's emailed you multiple times, and you have someone in the Philippines doing stuff, maybe that's where they just do a quick search of like, first end compares and be like, Oh, this guy's on Walmart, this guy's on Amazon, this guy's on whatever. That might be a way to target fraud as well.

Speaker  308160:00
That's good point. You said use intercom for it, for just stacking the messages in. Yeah,

Speaker  309717:20
I was, I think you could actually do it cheaper with Google Sheets, yeah, Zapier timestamps and compare.

Speaker  312789:20
Because really, all you, if you have the order ID and the tracking number, you know, you're 80% there, you know, from there, you just take another data streams and you just tie it to that and go, Wait a second. He did a replacement request and he did a refund request. Then he said he lost the shipment. And you just go, Okay, this tells that story. All right, see what's going on. Yeah.

Speaker  317562:40
And I think another filter is customer with the first name of Rose, Matt Rose greater than two, and your guy in the Philippines for six bucks once every other day, just looks at that and goes, that doesn't pass the sniff test. You know, yeah, it's major later, but at six, six bucks an hour to your point, if you catch one one over the course of a month, that's,

Speaker  323333:20
yeah, that's 00, yeah, yeah. That's, that's kind of good. That's yeah. That's exactly what I'm doing.

Speaker  325477:20
So, all right, you have a lot of team in the Philippines. No,

Speaker  327317:20
that's my only guy. I mean, I just hired him. He was pretty much brand new to everything, so I've had to train him from the bottom up, and he's about two months into it. I mean, he does other things, downloads a bunch of CSC files off Google Sheet, type related stuff. And so while he's doing that, he's checking, you know, checking our system. She's kind of, I'm training him to be, kind of our Swiss Army knife, of like, checking the checking the car every day, the tires filled up, is the gas in the tank? Is the is there? You know, those crazy suspension notices you get on Amazon. Or intellectual, like, I don't have time to go and check every one of the dashboards every day. And Amazon doesn't tell you when something some, sometimes they tell you right off the bat, hey, you have a problem. But other times it's like, you know, hidden stuff. And if you don't have somebody looking, you know, for example, your active listings all of a sudden go inactive. And and, you know, there's tools that will tell you that, but they don't really tell you always the root cause. So I have him comparing, like, our active listing report, kind of day over day, or every other day, to say what's changed, and like, come up with a change, you know, indicator, like these things change. This image got dropped off, you know, this bullet point got removed and turned into an AI bullet point. So it's all automated. It's all kind of comparison stuff, scripts, Google scripts, will run it and say, These are the changes that we've had. This is what we think, how critical they are. Because this is, yeah, classic large catalog, right? Like it can't I've got 2000 plus SKUs. You guys have more than that, probably. But I need something to tell me, change control.

Speaker  357840:00
Yeah, I'm working on something similar. We also use the API to grab like FBA stranded or suppressed, and it dumps it into a sauna and looks for a ticket already created. And if it, if it's already there, doesn't create another, another task. But that works pretty well as well.

Speaker  363253:20
I um, that I'd love maybe separate call. I'd love to we should talk about how people use either Zapier or the API directly to pull into all these different like small, little ways people use those tools like Asana, we use for a lot of bunch processes, but I've never thought to automate pulling those in, because we just have people look at them similar to how Peter's talking about but it'd be nice to have tracking of when they started, how long It takes them to resolve it, what steps have already been taken into it. So we actually know all of them are being worked through.

Speaker  375317:20
When are you guys talking about tickets with Amazon or internal tickets?

Speaker  376645:20
Internal, internal, yeah. So like, yeah, if we see that there's, you know, products compliance issue or whatever, having a ticket be created internally so that we can track it all the way through.

Speaker  380682:40
Yep, yeah. So I have a value add I'm working on finishing Eugene's been bugging, bugging the shed on me, but I'm basically, it's by how I write SP API scripts with Claude. It's like a very, very simple template, like, here's all the config file, here's how it's done, here's the end point, here's the data I want. And that way, the scripts you get are structured, and you can run them on like Python, anywhere for five bucks a month, and run them into a Zapier endpoint into Asana, because it's, yeah, you could write, you could write a script that dumps it into Asana directly, but having Zapier as the air control buffer is worth the pennies per per transaction. I could probably prepare something for, like next month's call or something, and show what I'm what I'm doing in that regard, and I'm working on a couple of new things right

Speaker  393061:20
now. That'd be cool. Yeah, do you yourself?

Speaker  394373:19
Or do you work with somebody in your team, because it's I, I'm like, I dabble with that kind of stuff, but I don't have time, I mean, to get into the operational that level of scripting. I mean, I love doing it when I'm doing but I do it with chat GPT, and I say, hey, I need to do this, and it kind of writes the Python code for me and but I'm always curious as to how much, how people, because I feel like there's not if, like, I'm pretty small, reasonably probably, to you guys, I only have I've got my wife and a person in Poland and a person in Spain, and now somebody in Philippines. So that's us. So it's like, we're jack of all trades. We kind of all do different things, but I don't have a dedicated person yet to handle, you know, automation and scripting and stuff like that. So I'm just curious as to how you guys do that.

Speaker  410565:20
I don't, I'm, like, I'm I'm dangerous enough with with code, and I can kind of figure I'm figure it out. I do have a lot of friends that are in tech. I live in Seattle, so I do have a pretty good friend network of, like, helping me solve problems when I get stuck. But otherwise, yeah, I'm a small team. I mean, I've basically two guys plus me and and we run lean, and we kind of all do the jack of all trades. And I have a laundry list of things that I'm I'm in the middle of automating. It's like, I just really need to sit down and just spend a week and just get it done. And then what? Basically, once I'm automating things into a song now, then we're looking at just offshoring all the mundane tasks, because we have, you know, loom, loom SOPs, or everything, is what we're building. So, yeah, I mean, I have 30,000 ASINs active, so the catalog sizes compared to yours is a lot more to manage. So it needs to be automated at a certain point. But your competitors are interesting, because I haven't done that, and that's my next process.

Speaker  425605:20
Yeah, it's funny, because once you catch the bug to start doing this stuff, you like, wake up at one in the morning sometimes, or whatever, and you go, Oh, I had an idea, like, on that cell number and that sheet, like, I should compare it to this. And then I go back to my team, and I'm like, I'm like, we can make this even better. And and, yeah, you just keep figuring out ways to pushing it down to the lowest common denominator, or person that can work on it, like you said, I mean, because, yeah, so it's, it's fun when it works, because it really does, like, I've been able to do my forecast. It used to take me, like, eight hours. I could do it, like, in less than an hour. Now, because there's so much data, stuff that's being pulled in. And it just does the scalers, and it says this is what you need and and it's like, you can keep adding to it, like phase one, phase two, and just make it more and more refined. But anyway,

Speaker  440533:20
yeah, we have a person who's dedicated to that kind of stuff, but he does all sorts of things. And, like, right now we're implementing a new ERP, so he's, like, fully in on that, but we use workato as our, our pass, which is, you know, not that much different than make or Zapier. It's just, I think it has a lot it's meant more for, like an enterprise level of service, which, again, I don't know, but he said it's better. So I trust him.

Speaker  449280:00
What, what? ERP are you running?

Speaker  450048:00
We're we are in the process of implementing Acumatica,

Speaker  451440:00
okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  452224:00
So that has been challenging. We're in UAT right now, week five. We were supposed to be three weeks of UAT. We're in week five. But user accepted assessing. So we're like, yeah, for I figured, based on the fact you're asking a question, I figured you knew what that would mean. I often abbreviate it, and then people are like, I didn't know what it was a year ago. So yeah, it's, yeah,

Speaker  460010:40
yeah, that's a big that's a big boy. ERP, yeah. What were you running before

Speaker  462058:40
inflow, okay, which is like an inventory management software, and then inflow, plus giant access middleware and then QuickBooks access SQL. It was, it was a, it's still a spaghetti nightmare, but we're getting there.

Speaker  467616:00
Yeah, I'm on, I'm on NetSuite, but I'm looking at making a switch, just because with sylego integration and NetSuite and the number of rows and stuff. It's like, the the tech debt cost is, I think there's money to be saved running something simpler and maybe a little more scrappy, and just use labor as a as a different cost. Cost metric there,

Speaker  473157:20
yeah, I we obviously looked at NetSuite. It just we, like, we do a lot on the distribution side, so for us, the the WMS side of it really, really matters. And unfortunately, Acumatica is, like, better than our old one, but not incredible. So we're going to eventually have to bolt on another WMS. But that's,

Speaker  478986:40
that's kind of where I'm at is, you know, I do, I have done some B to B, and I'm probably going to go back to it with some of the vendors I work with type of exclusive Amazon rights with. But yeah, it's having the WMS system, having the inventory planning and reserved inventory for especially for merchant fulfilled or other things. It you have to have a good WMS system. But yeah, but yeah, I'm kind of like, do I do, like, bolt add on to NetSuite, or do I just dump it all onto QuickBooks at the end of the day and just have a WMS bolted on? It's kind of a six and one half dozen on the other

Speaker  488341:20
Yeah, yeah, there's, I mean, there's some really good WMS out there that can connect to, you know, QuickBooks, or whatever you wanted. And like, the ERP side of things, like, I don't know, I sometimes wonder whether we went, we don't need, we're not, like, doing payroll and all that kind of stuff through it, right? We don't have our CRM integrated. So, like, a full ERP is slightly overkill. But, yeah, we do a lot of EDI, though, and things, and we just wanted something.

Speaker  497312:00
Now. Anyway, I started this business was, you know, well over a decade ago, and QuickBooks wasn't, you know, QuickBooks for E commerce was not, like, lot of not a thing. So a lot of stuff that's out there, it's like, I'm on old tech debt, just because that's what was, that was, was good when I started, and now it's like times have changed. I'm behind.

Speaker  503141:20
Is there any for tip? So two things, one, are there more things, any other topics people want to talk through? And two, I want to make sure that I know we have a couple other things that might come come up William doing his presentation maybe next month, and Peter also said he was might be putting something together. But is ads a topic people would want to hear a speaker about? Like, have a guest about, or,

Speaker  510954:40
yeah, I'm interested. I'd like to know what everybody's doing for ads. So I've personally been using nomads for the last six or seven months, and I'm not happy with them at all. So I'm just like, curious what other people are doing, whether it's in house or other agencies, or what

Speaker  515104:00
we're using. Somebody called Mayan, which is a startup at least as of a year ago, and they've done a really kick ass job for us. I'm, I'm very happy with what they're they've been able to do. And so, you know, they know that I'm in MDS, I've told them at some point maybe we'd get you to get they're not even, you know, they're very nice. They're not pushing me at all in terms of, hey, other people that we should talk to. So, yeah, I'm always interested in different different models that people are doing for ads. But there's just so many other things. There's other things too, like, Well, part of, part of is, so you guys also do FBA on top of all the FBM, right? Yeah, we do both.

Speaker  530880:00
I'm only FBA now we

Speaker  531488:00
also okay, because, like, like, another idea that I had that I can't believe is really and maybe it's there, and again, it's like so much soft SaaS based stuff I don't always know, but like knowing how much time it takes to get something truly received into FBA. So you can, you can ship something. You know, what do we typically will say five to six weeks domestically, but, like, that's another one where there could be some good tracking information that tells you from the point the tracker picks up to the point of when the first fulfillment center gets their stuff received in, like, because then, you know, in theory, which fulfillment center to send things to? Like, you know, you get that anecdotal stuff like, Hey, by the way, anybody thinking of sending to California, you know, they're totally screwed. Do you get? Do you guys already know of something that really shows you what the metrics are for Amazon receiving by fulfillment center, because there's, do you really

Speaker  551189:20
have a choice of where it's going?

Speaker  551861:20
Yeah, if you pick another ware

Speaker  552213:20
region, well, you skip the regions, but you actually get to pick warehouses.

Speaker  553765:20
Well, if you, if you say, your ship locations in a different warehouse, and they're going to two different warehouse that kind of game. Yeah,

Speaker  555626:40
they are. They are going to be actively penalizing that very soon. So be aware.

Speaker  557338:40
So and actually, the other reason I wanted to do this, and this is not, may sound a little bit strange, but it's kind of peace of mind, because I guess going further into that discussion, I had to, I had to build something, because the waiting time between warehouses fulfillment centers can be, I mean, you know, can sometimes it's two weeks, sometimes it's two months. And if I'm not, if I'm not comp, if I'm not compensating for that factor, you can start shoving more inventory in, if you don't really see that it's eventually going to be accepted, or there's a high, high chance that it will eventually be in that warehouse. Because you almost forget that two months ago you sent something in, but like, the way I do it, you can, kind of, you go over to, like, the inbound shipment and maybe it's not even there, but, you know, it's there, it's like, lost, but it's not officially lost, and then all of a sudden it shows up, and now you've got it showing up, but you also already shipped another 1000 units of the same thing that, you know, that kind of a model. And so I was like, trying to build that system out. So,

Speaker  575626:40
so that's going to be changing, hopefully within the next year, I was on a panel with about 40 leaders from FBA in Seattle in May. Oh,

Speaker  578112:00
good. And then

Speaker  578384:00
I talked to the people I met there at accelerate this year. And guys, Stephen dent, he was like, employee number 12 at FBA, like a whole sea of you know, people, you know younger people, like me, middle age, and then you know a bunch of Indians, and there's this white dude with a Hawaiian shirt and a ponytail, and like, I want to talk to you, you're going to be the most interesting person in this room. And basically, Amazon does not, right now, have an active inventory ledger, if that makes sense. Like they know things are being transferred, but it's not in Ledger form. They're implementing a standard that's kind of the gold standard for warehousing. I think it's a 95 standard. I forget the number of what he told me, but basically, once they implement that, then the inventory reports will have a truly accurate ledger. You will know where the inventory is. It will show all the transfers. So this won't be this whole thing of, oh, we have 500 units that shipped in, but they're in transfer, so they dropped off. So now it says, right, order me this so, but there's, there's bullshit Bureau bureaucracy, which is typical Amazon, left doesn't know what the right's doing, where they're like, Oh, we, should we decide what kind of, what, what, what type of bins we need to put in all these new supplemental warehouses. And, oh, the warehouse team doesn't want 60,000 unique items in the regional warehouse. They want to go down to 30,000 and have multiple quantities. So there's this whole shit show where they don't actually know what they're doing, and that's delaying the implemental implementation of this standard. But I am going to reach out to him earlier that early next year, so I'm on LinkedIn, and be like, hey, any updates, you know? Because No,

Speaker  603722:40
that's good to know. It's a huge and they thought that they solved it, or they, at least they acted like they were solving it. When they gave us the inventory ledger, like, a year or two years ago, they're like, hey, guess what? We've consolidated everything into an inventory ledger. And they're like, call success. And I was like, okay, the fact that stuff is moving from El Paso to, you know, Wichita, you know, I can do a report on that, but if I've got 1000s of SKUs that are coming and going, like, I can't write something that tells me. And then that, to your point, like, the recommended quantity is so backwards ass that, like, it's not they don't even compensate for the fact that I just sent in 1000 units, and then the next week is like, send in 1000 units. It's like, units. It's like, it's already in your queue. It's been sitting. It's coming. You know, don't tell me to do it, because it's,

Speaker  615877:20
yeah, already in your system. Mid December, I have three or four people from FPA coming to my warehouse just to see how we operate. And that's going to be one of the big things that we talk about is, is we're overseeing inventory because of your problems, but your problems are also causing me to not be able to send this because, like, right now, you're rate limiting, so it's going to be a rough couple days for him, because I don't I'm not going to hold back, because, you know, if I know, if I hold back, they're not going to learn from it, hopefully. But that was the only same thing on the panel we all talked about, was like, you guys, like, you need to left hand has to start talking to the right hand. You know, if you're a private label brand, or you have 10 hero items that, you know, slay and you're doing, you know, eight figures, that's easy to track, because you're never out of stock. But if you're, you know, I think a lot of us are shallow and wide, you know, where you're you're running, you're running in lots of little things.

Speaker  629973:19
So, yeah, good. All right. Well, keep on that. That'd be great.

Speaker  631621:20
Who's all doing FBA? Are we all kind of doing it? Yeah, yeah. So have you guys noticed I'm calling it internally. I'm kind of calling it the yo yo effect with my team, and I feel really stupid for not noticing this sooner. But let's say we have nine that sells 10 units a month. And, you know, so put in 30 units between 2030 units to have a couple months supply. You know, we're letting it sell down to a lower than 10 unit number, but we're watching sales drop off because it's no longer prime in every area. Has anybody thought about instead of like demand planning on a velocity basis, but demand planning on a minimum inventory basis to keep the item in that two day window, to keep the sales up.

Speaker  643440:00
Yes, I would. That's exactly the way I think about it. But it's easy to say. It's kind of hard to do sometimes, because I I guess that's where they kind of got to get into that heat map, because you're exactly right. Like, I I will ship in 20 units. And I'm like, Gee, I hope that's enough to cover the country. And then it's a new product, and then, and then it goes down, dwindles to 16. And I'm like, do I have enough there? I don't really know, unless I do this heat map and go, Well, yeah, but if you live in Washington State, there's nothing around it. That's That's another one where I'm almost like, I wish there was like, a zip code checker that would just take the zip codes around the country, and then you plug in your SKU, and it says you're going to be weak here, here and here, and give you like, true, like, mapping of like don't because you can't trust Amazon to tell you Yeah.

Speaker  658416:00
Seller eyes. Seller eyes tells you where your inventory is so you can buy area, right?

Speaker  660624:00
And they don't tell you you have to do it ace and by hunt and peck, right? They tell you, yeah, put in an Asin. Will tell you how it's doing. I want the opposite. I rule by exception. Tell me if one of my ASINs is below a point where I'm no longer prime.

Speaker  664677:20
That's interesting. Yeah,

Speaker  665317:20
there is an API feature for this that I think shows three locations I can look to came up, and it's in my notes somewhere, of one of the long things that I would love to implement.

Speaker  669690:40
Let me sit seller Scout has one you can put in your asin, and it has the buy box in all 50 states, or it has the days to delivery in all 50 states, but it's one by one, but they've somehow figured out a system to where they can imitate the buy box in all 50 states, and then it'll show how many days to delivery so you could see where your inventory is.

Speaker  677232:00
Does it still work, because Amazon cut off a lot of bot access, like you can't even access the Amazon page with AI anymore.

Speaker  679653:20
I worked last week. Okay,

Speaker  680485:20
there was a post on MDS about plugins and stuff. Oh, true. I

Speaker  682999:28
it, but that would be cool. Like, to your point about the FBA coming to your factory, William, the seems like you would propose that to them, and that's a win win for both sides. Like, look, let me tell me when I'm actually, don't give me this bullshit recommended quantity at some gross level, which I don't really believe in the first place. Tell me that you're low, yep. Give me a red mark that says this SKU is approaching lowness and out of prime. And this these states

Speaker  691264:00
I direct. I mean, I directly asked the VP who owns, basically runs, FBA. He was at accelerate. You probably wouldn't know it, unless you knew who it was. But I walked up, I was like, Hey, what is the what is the inventory amount? Stay prime. Next day, two day, what is, what is, what is stage one? Stage two? He goes, Well, I don't know. I'm like, What's the number? Like, like, you guys, you guys know this. You need to figure this out. Because it was like, was it launched from 100 is it 200 I was like, Well, I think 200 would be a good end to launch with. I said, okay, but if I'm a low velocity item that sells every day, I said, I know you guys don't care about that, but that is probably 80% of your business. You just don't think it is, you know. And they're like, Well, we haven't thought about that. They're so focused on high velocity now, because that's where they're making the money they are, they're going to pigeonhole themselves. I mean, it's already the accelerating flywheel.

Speaker  705152:00
Is Amazon not shuffling your inventory around, or only sends it one place and then

Speaker  707040:00
it stays there. They don't. Well, they say they shuffle. I think it depends on your velocity or item like you guys are certain talk about high velocity. They do. But, I mean, I think this goes back to, like the Steven dent thing, because I talked to him a couple times at the accelerate in the fall because, and he was saying, so AWS, or AWD, uses this new system, that is, they built it for AWD, and then realized, like, Wow, that's so much better, but so AWD, you have

Speaker  718202:40
to send a lot of one item.

Speaker  719242:40
It's more the system of tracking, of like, knowing exactly where every single thing is. The Ledger based like this, this, this number is in transit between these two facilities. It, like all of that is was completely redone using that, whatever that standard was for AWD, and they don't have that at all. And it's so fundamentally built into FBA that they it's going to be like, it's going to cost them a ton of money and a lot they're basically have to, like, rebuild the entire network over top of the other network, and then just, like, manually switch it over. It's like, it's

Speaker  728933:20
actually, they're already doing it. They're already doing all the scans and everything. They're just not saving it correctly. So what, at least, they really just have to turn it on. That's why the inventory Ledger was built into Seller Central. So does he told me, when you do a snap, so you'll do a snapshot. So when you run an FBA inventory report, there'll be a snapshot will be like the first row in a CSV or TXT file. And he said it's right now, about two to four hours of science. So they're running when they dump the ledger, it goes over to AWS EC two, and it's ran through. They call it science, which is basically digesting the ledger data into something formal to generate your reports. So essentially, yeah, they can't just do a snapshot. A snapshot has to be like the inventory snapshot. System has to go in to be digested, which is really, that's even more nerdy and fascinating, but yeah, is there's, it's just bureaucracy, because we were talking about that, the fact that inventory classification is still done on the GL ledger value, not what the actual item is, which is a whole pain in the ass.

Speaker  748170:40
So you guys using AWD limitedly? Yeah, it's hard to do with a with a wide but shallow catalog, right? Impossible, right?

Speaker  751514:40
I have a few, I have a few heroes, but I think it's more by my math. I'm not seeing a cost savings. I'm just seeing an extra I'm seeing more. I'm seeing extra risk with no cost savings. So why would I do it? Yeah,

Speaker  755744:00
yeah, the only benefit would be, is if you're limited on your FBA space and you want faster entry into FBA, that would be a path, even if the cost is same. But most of us, I think, have either three pls or warehouse space. So in some capacity, I guess, if you're doing FBM, if you're only doing FBA, maybe not, but you can

Speaker  762133:20
only send case packed goods to AWD, right? You can't,

Speaker  763466:40
yeah, nothing

Speaker  763754:40
can be mixed or anything, right?

Speaker  765050:40
Now we use it. We had a couple of containers come in. I used to never space, so we used it a second time after I told them never again, because the first time I tried, it was such a shit show. But it's better. It actually is. They made for once, I can say Amazon made remarkable improvements in something and didn't fuck it up completely.

Speaker  770912:00
But that snapshot report, William, I mean, it's, do you get anything out of I mean, it's got a bunch of columns. It's got like, 40 columns. They're ones that, like, what do you? What do you? How much do you really value any of it in there?

Speaker  775269:20
I don't trust it now, so I don't trust it at all, because I know it's bullshit. Like, we have items get sent in and it's like, oh, you need inventory. It's

Speaker  777989:20
like, I sometimes I will average it once in a while, like, if it does reach steady state to something, you can kind of like, go all right. Well, recommended quantities, 100 and I've got my forecast shows it at, you know, 84 I'll just take the average of the two and call it a day. But when I have this huge variability, mine says, don't send anything in. And it says, Send in 1000 units. I'm like, Okay, you're wrong. They're wrong 99.9% of the time. But even things like reserve the sub, the things like the reserve quantities, like, they give you all this extra stuff in there, like inbound yet not received future supply. Like, what does future supply even mean? Like, they have at the end column is like your future supply. Sometimes for a SKU, they'll tell you that they already trust you, that it will be there. So we're going to go ahead and show that inventory, I think is what future supply means.

Speaker  792901:20
I think so. Let me so I don't know if any of you have talked to the Amazon logistics people, which is also like, they don't left to talk to the right, but they know, like, they know that this truck is leaving California and it's going to Dallas. It takes x days. It's going to be there at noon. We're going to unload it at three o'clock. They have this all dialed in. And so what I told them is like, well, you guys know this data, so this whole it might show up, then it might show up. Now, I said you want all the data from us because you want to be able to plan, it's time for you guys to not treat this like an abusive relationship and share this data with us.

Speaker  803968:00
Yeah, I feel it's so interesting how hesitant Amazon is to share certain data, and there's got to be nefarious reasons. Not they're nefarious for them, but they assume we're going to do something bad with the data in some way, or hold them accountable in some way that they don't want us to do. So

Speaker  810533:20
that is, I think you nailed it. It's accountability, and they don't want everybody to know just how fucked up they are, right?

Speaker  812650:40
Well, I think that's like, Steven Dent's thing about FBA like, that's not, like, I'm sure you know, he's telling people it. So it's not private, but it's not public information that the FBA system, like, officially, does not actually, like they have the ability to do it because they rebuilt it, but like, originally it was just like, throw shit out into the into the network and hope it made it to the other side.

Speaker  819744:00
Like, I mean, can you guys imagine the media shit storm if, like, this call there was, like, some reporter sitting here, and we just were just a Q, a for like, three or four hours telling them all the shit or all the changes, and someone would actually write like that would be so incredibly damning to them. And so I think your point is, like, for nefarious reasons, they don't, they're not sharing it because they don't want people to

Speaker  826725:20
know. Yeah, yeah. I think it's, I think, go ahead, that's what it comes down No, that's what it comes down to. They just don't, I

Speaker  828650:40
think it's, I think it's also the bureaucracy you're mentioning before, like, it costs them AWS space, it costs them time. Then they got to train Seller Support, which is useless to begin with, and they'll probably throw up their hands and go, what's the point? You know, 80% of the sellers either are going to get confused or not understand or call Seller Support, and so they're probably like, have to go through this very long bureaucratic process to release a report, because they, in some cases, in some cases they release shit. And you're like, who even look did you guys even look at what you're releasing? Because it makes absolutely no sense. Like one silo seems like they can just release things at at whim, and the other people have to, like, take three or four years before they'll decide. So it's, it's just bizarro. But sometimes I stumble on a report, like in Amazon's somewhere. I'm like, I'll see a CSV. I'm like, Oh, this is new. And then you quickly try to, like, tie it to some other I think, I think I've seen this data somewhere else. And then you're like, you tie it out, and you're like, sometimes it's interesting, and sometimes it's just like, Okay, this is just regurgitation of bad stuff that's in some other report. But, man, what other fun things?

Speaker  852480:00
Yeah, that's one way to put

Speaker  853984:00
it, the smokers outside are having a great time. I think I can actually smell smoke in the room too. Oh yeah, some of you guys weren't on here when I just got checked into a hotel room. And there's, I'm on the main level, and there's a smoking lounge outside my window.

Speaker  857957:20
Where are you at? Matt?

Speaker  858373:20
I'm in Nashville at the gaylord opryland. Oh, cool. Unboxed. Yeah.

Speaker  860122:40
How's that working out?

Speaker  860650:40
Well, just got, I got here three minutes before the call, so I got to walk through the lobby and then come to my room, which is direct, like, it's like, the worst room possible. It's the, like, there's all this shops and everything, and mine is the first door on the main level from, like, the main area. So I'm, yeah, it's, they're changing my room. I already have a thread going with them. They're gonna

Speaker  867728:00
take, okay, good, yeah, I was considering going to that, just lack of bandwidth right now.

Speaker  869104:00
Yeah, first time I've been to it, so I don't know how it's going to be, yeah,

Speaker  870565:20
and that's that, and that's a retail thing. What is, what is unboxed again, it's

Speaker  871893:20
their ads, their Amazon ads convention like, they do a bunch of announcements and new features and like, you can meet with people to to like, we actually have, I didn't expect to, but we have some issues. We're trying to for some Christmas items that they're saying we can't do sponsor brand on because of limited time. I don't know. So my ads guys here with their entire companies here. So I'm going to meet with them, and, yeah, see what it's like. It might not be a comeback next year, or maybe just one at me. And, well, she runs all of E commerce now. Is is here too, but, well, we'll see. Yeah,

Speaker  883728:00
I've got a I'm doing the Tick Tock show in Miami next week. I'm one of the guinea pigs Eugene's Eugene's round of the Carnival in Miami. It should be fun.

Speaker  887429:20
What's the Tiktok show in Miami?

Speaker  887845:20
So, so it's a matchmaking event between creators and brands. And I guess what happened was, when Eugene did the one in San Francisco, kind of the first one. Somehow he got the attention at Tiktok, and Tiktok decided to help do another one. So this will be the second one in Miami, and and I didn't have, did? Yeah, I didn't have Tiktok last week. So I got a call from Beatrice, Beatrice, who's down in Miami. I've talked to her about other things, and she's like, Hey, Pete, you really should come down to Miami and do this matchmaking thing. And I was like, Yeah, but I don't even, I'm barely on Tiktok. And she's like, Oh, I'm, I'm barely on it too. Come on down. You'll, you know, you'll learn. Since then, it's, you know, it's a lot of work. It's, it's, you got to get the samples, then you got to figure out, you know, Tiktok is, I thought, Oh, just like my inventory from Shopify, and it'll be good to go. But they're their own entity with their own, you know, creators, and then you got to decide on referrals, and you got to design. And then, I mean, they're in Miami, that's like, we're all, I feel like we're all just kind of learn as we go right now, there's stuff coming out every day about best practices for different things, so anyway should be fine. I

Speaker  908602:40
was just telling Byron when we hopped on the call and that we so last month, we turned on GMV Max Tiktok ads at like 2020, 30 bucks a day, and it jumped our sales up like 10 15% maybe 20 on our DTC site. And I was like, Oh, shit, this is great. And we did it for about a month, and then last Wednesday, we upped it to $200 a day. And we like, we're at like two and a half x versus prior year now. So we're like, up 150% and it was like 100% jump over one day. So we're making, we're selling, it's not a lot, but like four to $5,000 a day on our DTC site, which is substantial for us. And then our just is just for the fingerboard. I have a toy brand, yeah, it's just, and then Amazon has Halo too, and it's just from a couple 100 bucks a day boosting Kat. We kind of are in a unique space. Fingerboarding is already posted about a lot. We don't post a ton, but other people post about us. So it's, it's like our the machine was ready to just be turned on, and, yeah, and we just turned it on,

Speaker  928416:00
right? Do you have a create? Do you have creators and affiliates already? Then, does that part of

Speaker  929600:00
the growth? We hadn't officially, but we have, like, a team of writers on they mostly post on Instagram, but they also post on Tiktok. So I turned that on. So I last week, I turned on creators and started giving out samples and all that stuff too, none of that we had been doing. And it was like, it's all like coming together. I don't know it's, it's going really well. So we're now trying to scramble to get our sourcing locked in so that we can get another shipment before the end of the year that we hadn't anticipated.

Speaker  937909:20
And who, who build out your tiktoks. How did you bring your, your all your SKUs over? Because

Speaker  939738:40
I did everything in the Shopify Tiktok app. God, is that a terrible

Speaker  941578:40
it's terrible. Okay, good, that's another one.

Speaker  942122:40
Horrible. It couldn't be it couldn't be more convoluted. It was

Speaker  943210:40
exactly one of those things where you like, you see, and you're like, Oh man, this is gonna be easy, you know? It makes it look really nice, and then you get the sync error. The first thing sync error that I got was, like, inventory issue, and like, your image is wrong. And I'm like, my image is fine and my inventory is fine. So what the heck is going on? So then Tiktok support, three days later, you know, same Help menu, regurgitation. It's bad. It sucks. So I ended up adding, probably, product manually, not necessarily because of that, but we do imprint because of our customization stuff. The apps won't work when we get over to the Tiktok store, unless somebody's figured something out. So like, I'm temporarily just manually uploading CSV files or Excel files with SKUs, is that? So, is that what you're doing? Yeah, you were to

Speaker  956154:40
do it. I eventually got to work. But then I changed a bunch of the variants, and then I had it was it's really, really bad. And I'm pretty tempted just to pay for one of the other apps to do it, because I think there's paid apps that you can use that push your products. But I have never, I haven't gotten that point yet. I got it to work. So

Speaker  962224:00
are you doing? You're doing any like other affiliate program, or the the fulfillment by tick tock, or any of those

Speaker  964400:00
kind of things. We just got approved for FBT. We haven't done it yet because we have our own fulfillment. Yeah, for the end of the year, I probably it's too late now, and we don't have enough inventory to split up, but for next year, will absolutely be FBT. If tic tac still a big platform,

Speaker  969861:20
what? So? So I confess, I mean, I didn't even know there was an FBT. I mean, it's, is there? Do they warehouses all over the US? Are they like,

Speaker  972266:40
yeah, what's, yeah, not as, not as many, but they have, like, a

Speaker  973034:40
Walmart type thing,

Speaker  973450:40
yeah, it's, it's similar to Walmart, but they, they so in the beginning, FBT used to be, like, a steal. It used to be like, it was like, two, $3 to fulfill anything in three days, and now it's now it's more FBA priced. It's still cheap, but not bad, not, not like a steal,

Speaker  979840:00
okay, so definitely better than Walmart, though, in terms of just level of effort, or ROI, you're getting a better.

Speaker  981861:19
Oh, my God, Tiktok. Yeah. I mean, I'm now good. So the ad side of it, I have a woman out of North Carolina who I know through my econ manager, and she this was her first time ever doing Tiktok advertising, so she was just figuring it all out, and she's like, it's a long story. I know we're we're over time so we can but my Google Ads ended up accidentally getting shut off because of some old ad agency we work with. So Google Ads shut off. So we cranked up Tiktok ads a little bit more to make up for it, and that's when we saw the spike, in addition to a bunch of organic so like 80, 70% of our traffic now is either branded search, organic, branded search, or direct traffic to our site, which is stupid. So people are seeing your ads on Tiktok and then googling us, and then coming to our site, or just going ttuney.com and coming straight there. So yeah, when you say, when

Speaker  999093:20
you say coming to your site, you mean coming to your Shopify site or doing it right in

Speaker  1000085:20
Shopify, Shopify site directly, our

Speaker  1000757:20
homepage, homepage, okay,

Speaker  1001477:20
yeah, well, I appreciate everyone's time today. I'll so for next month, I'll reach out to you guys too, if William and Peter, if you guys are both interested in sharing something, and then I'll plan on maybe 1520 minutes have my my ads guy here to like, just explain how he handles our catalog and questions. Happy, very happy with them, but you're feel free to pepper the shit out of him with questions.

Speaker  1010240:00
So yeah, real quick on the app saying, I think just any knowledge of someone running ads on a large catalog is for all of us, is good for that back of brain knowledge, because so many people don't know how to run a large ad catalog. So I think just the more we learn collectively is better.

Speaker  1015733:20
Okay, great. Yeah, great.

Speaker  1016885:20
All right, guys, thank you. See ya.
