Joe Zalta
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
So I'm here today speaking on behalf of Riverbend. Some of you in the MDS group have probably used Riverbend in the past. Have a great story on how Riverbend started. My partner and I met in a very unique way where I was a seller. Still am, and I'll tell you a little bit more about my selling journey now. But I started selling on Amazon about 1011, years ago, got suspended, ran into someone that could help me get my account reinstated. Her name is Leslie Hensel. She's probably been in a lot of MDS events. You may know her, and basically the rest is history. She helped me get my account back up. And really since then, I've been selling and not worrying about writing appeals or doing Seller Support cases and all that. And there's a pretty I would say, you know, the theme along the journey that I've had selling is that I've focused on things that have been able to grow my company, instead of just kind of keeping it where it was. And that's one of those things, right? If you're sitting around writing appeals all day, you're not growing your business. If you're sitting training people all day, you're not growing your business. If you're trying to do everything yourself and be a solo, solo entrepreneur, you're not really growing your business. So today I'm going to talk a little bit about what I like to call, kind of a corporate architecture, which is kind of how we set up our company, and the org chart and who reports to who, and which important hires that we made to kind of really scale. And the lucky thing for us is that we had constant deal flow. What I mean by deal flow is that we always had a good amount of opportunities coming in and of new brands, new opportunities, new you know, new partnerships. But the only way that we were actually able to make those deals happen and partnerships happen was that I was able to delegate and have a really great support system do things that I wasn't really that great at, and it allowed me to work on things and focus on things that I was good at. So I'm going to get into the presentation now. So like Ian said, we've been a partner of MDS for almost four, four years now. It's been great. This is one of the best groups, if not the best group, in the entire Amazon ecosystem. You're going to learn things in this group that I don't think exist anywhere else. No one shares like the people in this group, which is really great. So I hope you all know how lucky you are to be in this group. I mentioned you know that I've been the co founder of river bend since 2020 17. It's been an amazing journey, and it continues to be. We're learning new things every day. So obviously, if you ever have any account issues, asin issues, brand registry issues, just let us know. We'll help. So this is interesting. It says that basically, we currently sell over 350 different types of products in seven different categories that started with one guys. And I'm sure a lot of you have similar stories where you start with one and expand and expand. You really don't, in your mind, have to limit yourself. You could really scale, and it's very doable. If you just have the right principles in place and you're willing to invest in your team, both time, money and energy, you could really, you could really grow and blow up. So I'm going to go to the next slide. It says something about me playing basketball with my kids and drawing my daughters. That's true. I have a lot of kids find time to do a little bit of both be a parent and be an entrepreneur, but and they're both great and fun, so let's get into it a little bit. So really, how we started was, obviously, it took us a year, our first year, to get to our first million, or close to it, I think we did like 700,000 The first year we started, actually, in a niche category, which I think some of you probably have also started in. We started selling big and tall clothing. So we had an opportunity to get into a really good brand. The brand, actually, I could say it now, was champion, and champion did not have a big and tall presence on Amazon when we started, and we made an we made a deal with the licensee of champion to have some exclusive skews. Now, I'm sure you've heard that over the years, like, how do I get an exclusive? How do I get an exclusive? Well, we did. We made a presentation to champion, which at the time, was owned by Haynes brands, which is a public company, and we said, hey, can you give us an opportunity to cut certain styles in your line just for us. They said, No, we went back to them, made another case, made another presentation. They said no. By the third time, they couldn't get rid of us. And they said, Okay, we'll give you a shot. Within 12 to 18 months, we had, I think, a line of 50 styles. And if I'm not mistaken, we were doing about 17 to eight. 18 million a year at retail with those just that brand, and we took that model and we kind of parlayed it into a ton of other brands, and we showed a lot of other brands that model, and they jumped on board. So really, in the beginning, it was just me and one other founder. We were basically doing everything. And then the second, what we kind of felt like, was the second step was when we got to about 10 million, and then what we did there was we kind of selected and gave ownership to certain leaders of areas, instead of everything being rolled up to me like it was before we had to really give up control and trust and, you know, kind of guide leaders in each department. And we did that. And then really the last team, the last kind of threshold we hit was when we hit around 100 million everything changed. We had executive an executive team, which means, I call it the C suite team, so a CFO, right? You need a chief financial officer to deal with banks, deal with PNLs, deal with cash flows. We had a Chief Information Officer, which, in the Amazon business data is so important, right? So we had people doing the planning, the forecasting, the replenishment. It's so important, especially when you're dealing with a lot of dealing with a lot of skews. And then an important role that I felt was a chief revenue officer also, so who's in charge of building the business, growing the business, adding new skews, going to the existing vendors, and saying, what other opportunities do you have? Are we maximizing our business? And then obviously a COO, which Chief Operations Officer making sure that we're getting goods from point A to point B in the most efficient and cost effective way possible. And why does the structure matter? Basically, accountability is huge in the beginning. It's all on you, right? You're gonna everything lives and live and dies by what your decisions are. But there's only so many nights you could work till 12 o'clock at night. And I did it. I did for like three years. It was always on me. If something was wrong, I had to fix it myself. But then when you start kind of trusting others in certain roles, and they know it's on them to fix a problem, they'll fix it. So sometimes you have to have that trust, and if they don't fix it, then pretty quickly you're going to know who's a keeper and who's not a keeper in your organization. And those things are very important, because the only way you're ever going to scale is through great people in the right positions. And a lot of the books that I read, and I'm sure if you've seen leadership books, it says the right people in key positions. So that's that's a huge part of this. The last thing, which you know, which, which I think is going to come up a few times, is clarity of on ownership and focus areas. That's huge, because you never really want two people doing the same things. I can tell you, from my perspective, I was handing a lot of business development, but in the beginning, my partner and I used to go on all the meetings together, and we would meet with the team, we would meet with a brand that we wanted to sign, and we felt like, oh, it was cute. You know, we were bouncing off of each other. He was saying one thing, I was saying another. And then I started to realize we're both here, but no one's in the office. So I started to realize, wait a minute, why doesn't one of us handle this? The other one handles what's going on at home in the house, right? So having two people doing the same thing, it's a huge No, no. Divide and conquer is so important. But if you're going to divide and conquer, you have to trust the people that you're delegating to. So trust factor is huge, having meetings, making sure that you're aligned on the principles of your company, the values. You don't have to micromanage, but you have to be aligned with what your direction is.

Speaker  142666:40
I did talk about this a little earlier. So when we were in that one, 1 million to 10 million stage, we had brand managers. That was like the first time I let go of buying a brand. I used to buy all the brands, or the one or two that we had, and then I started to realize the only way I'm going to scale this is if I had someone in charge of a brand, and they were in charge of managing and growing the brand. So the first few hires we made in the whole company. We're brand managers. It's like a buyer, right? They're in charge of replenishment, pricing, understanding the competitive landscape of the product, right? I'm sure so many of you like me still, I go on my Amazon app or my Tiktok app or whatever, and I'm looking at, you know, the search terms and seeing where we come up organically and where the prices are, and you need someone that's going to focus and do that day to day, and they're responsible for it. The next thing we did is I basically moved my partner at the time, over to the operations manager, because what I couldn't do is I couldn't worry about logistics and operations and warehousing if I was going to be driving the business. Going forward. So that's when we kind of split responsibilities, and he became the operations manager. That next stage, that 10 to 50, that's when we brought in junior brand managers. That's huge, because what you start to realize is your brand managers, or your buyers, are doing so many tedious tasks, and you don't want them to do that, right? So, organizing samples, coordinating photo shoots, tracking everything in keyword tracker, doing all the research for, you know, listing optimization, you can really push a lot of that work down and have the brand managers, the buyers, be responsible for driving the business going forward and thinking a little bit bigger picture, right, working with the vendors and building those relationships. Creative Director was a huge one. We didn't have that originally. Each brand manager was doing their own creative big no, no. Need a little bit more specialty in that area. I think a big, a big way to separate yourself when you're either a private label seller or even you're representing a brand, is your content, right? Is the story you're going to tell. We have a rule across the company. It's one of those things that's at the top of the mission statement, right? When you walk in the door, we have to be absolutely automatically best in class with our content, that is something that you cannot under any circumstances, sacrifice on. There's no negotiating there. If you don't have the best main image, you're just shooting yourself in the foot. So you know, a plus content, video, main image, the angle of the main image, even if you have to AB test. You gotta do it, because what's gonna separate you from your competitors is that first thing, first impression that the customer sees. So when we added that creative director, that was huge, also logistics coordinators, we started to realize, when we were doing major volume, how many trucks can we actually order in a day, right? Fourth quarter comes around. We're sending 50, 100 200 trucks. So we needed to start designating certain logistics coordinators for certain brands. Every brand and every product, and every product category has its own story. Some are super seasonal. Some are not some should go to AWD, some should go to FBA. Some should go to your three PL, analyzing all that and doing cost analysis on that is very important. That could be a huge difference between 123, points at the end of the year and your bottom line, if you're not analyzing it, and then really at the end, like I said, really bringing in some high level people. We had head of accounting that was very important. Because, as you know, how complicated all the Amazon fees are. If you don't know what you're actually making after storage fees, long term storage fees, you know all the new logistics fees, that, placement fees, this, that, and whatever you're just going to get loaded so really knowing your bottom line at the end of every month, some people look at at the end of the year, huge mistake. Every month you should be sitting down, whether it's an accountant CFO, even if it's an operations person, if you're a smaller company, you need to know your numbers at the end of the month, you can make very impactful decisions if you know exactly what's going on. I can just tell you a quick thing that happened to me last week. We noticed that the repricer that we were using wasn't functioning properly. It was like one attribute that we were one function that we weren't using properly, and our items were stuck at, I think it was 1599

Speaker  216533:20
and I usually sell things a little bit higher price, but 1599

Speaker  217573:20
so what did we do? We noticed that if we went to 1499 because of the fee, referral, fee, discount, because we sell apparel, we'd actually make more money and do more volume. So something so small that we found made a huge impact, and if we didn't catch that on a weekly or a monthly meeting, that could have gone on for months, right? One SKU of 350 listings, you know, 4000 SKUs I have, but that one SKU added actually two and a half points, because it was a big volume driver, two and a half points in my margin that month. So you got to be on top of everything. Hiring, best practices. I think a lot of you guys know this, but just it's so important, defining the roles and the responsibilities up front, I almost like kind of to back into it. What do we need? What's super important to this role? And then, as you're meeting people, I never hire the first person I meet, no matter how good they are. Very, some very smart people told me this, you learn a lot from who you interview, even if you don't hire them. You learn what they're doing what their company is doing, what position they do. There's been so many times where I've interviewed people right after the interview, I adjusted the job title. You know, it's like, oh, I didn't even think of that. Okay, well, now I might need that too. So interviewing is very important, but you know, you don't want to waste your time on interviewing too many. People make sure that you're, you're you're kind of making it very to the point and to exactly what you need, and interview people that are relevant to obviously what you need higher ahead of growth. This has actually happened in Riverbend, in in my Amazon retail business, you have to anticipate. You have to have a feel for what's going on in our business. Any time I see a lot of lead flow coming on deals or brands that are coming out, coming after us, I'm immediately jumping out there and to my network. Do you know any brand managers? Do you know any marketing people? Do you know any Junior brand managers? You never want to be in a situation where you have too much deal flow and you can grow, but you don't have the people. So I actually did something pretty crazy. I don't know if I told anyone. Maybe I told Leslie and Brianna, but a few years ago, I sat, I don't know if any one of you guys are basketball fans. Any Nick fans here? Maybe Nick fans, New York Knicks Hank, okay, I sat in the front row at a nick game, and the playoff Nick game cost me an arm and a leg to go to the game. I did it as a marketing play, because I knew that some of the people that I was trying to get their brands and their and their business were going to watch that game. They were all basketball fans. So I did it as a marketing play. But ahead of that, I actually started to interview some people for brands that I knew what were going to come our way because of because we did that. And sure enough, my phone was ringing off the hook for the next few weeks, and we signed a few more brands. So getting ahead of it is so important, because otherwise you're you're you're you're basically locked down on things that are coming and not able to still do your everyday business. Last thing, which is so important also culture fit and alignment with your mission and values. I don't care what their accolades, I don't care what their experience is. I would never hire anyone that doesn't fit out culture. So there's certain things that you could pick up on when you're interviewing people, if they're lazy, if they're not so honest, if they aren't hard working, if they're not they don't get along with others, if they play hero ball. I don't know if any sport guys out there. Hero ball means when someone just wants to take all the shots and not pass if you're not a team player, you're probably not going to be a great, you know, employee with a group or within a group. So there's certain things you want to look out for and make sure that whoever you do bring into your company, they really fit with your values and your your morals. So I'll run through this pretty quick, but it just kind of looks pretty basic here, but this is how we've structured our company over the last few years. So it used to be everything, and all these people at the bottom were reporting to me. That doesn't happen anymore. Like I said, CFO meeting once a week. He has a finance associate that prepares all of his documentation, pulls all the reporting, puts it together, and he's responsible for working with the banks, getting together our PNLs, all that, COO, like I said, anything to do with operations, account setup all that. CRO, Chief Revenue Officer. So what I did here is I paired the revenue officer and the information officer together. One of them is a lot more assertive. One of them is a little bit more shy, usually not all the time. But if you're a data guy, don't really want to talk to people. You just want to look at your computer screen, right? You know a lot of those people. Some of us are those people. I'm kind of that. I'm like a mix, but I noticed that when I was having my CIO talk to my brand managers, they weren't actually meeting. They were talking over slack. But I'm like, Dude, you got to get together. He didn't want to. He was shy. But all of a sudden, if you put this guy in a room with this guy with a brand manager, all of a sudden things start to happen, right? This guy knows what's going on. Knows what the goals are. He's pushing him to push the push the envelope. Maybe buy more, be more aggressive, look at new things, and dealing with the brand manager whose boots on the ground knows all the details about their category, their opportunities. So this is a huge win here. When we figured this out, our business actually, like, went up 40, 50% that year because of this move. Obviously, then you have virtual assistant teams taking care of all listing optim, listing optimization, and you know, anytime variations are split any of that they're reporting every morning to the junior brand manager who reports to the brand manager. That way, 10am comes any listings that are messed up already, the junior brand manager knows if he can't take care of it, he's reporting to him. By 10am everything's fixed. So you gotta be efficient with your time. The last thing is this whole section here, Creative Director. A design, design project manager, so many new listings coming through the pipeline. You want to make sure that everything is organized. You can't miss a beat. There's no time fourth quarter comes, you know, like all of a sudden, August, if you're not shipping your product in by September, potentially you can miss fourth quarter. So making sure that the flow is happening and happening quickly is important. Then we made a recent move here where we noticed that we were spending about $150,000 a year on photography outsourced. We used two or three different photographers, New York, New Jersey, LA, and I'm like, But wait a minute, I could hire an in house photographer for less so we did that's looking at the P and L every month, realizing that so we saved a big chunk of money there. The last thing is just kind of, you know, pushing that whole synergy, making sure that the teams are engaged with each other, sharing information, and kind of building that team atmosphere problem solving. I mean, your leaders are really going to be responsible for that, and you want to empower them to problem solve. Never shut anyone down. Let them speak up. Let them have their opportunity to tell you what the problems are. I'm

Speaker  341551:59
just going to skip through this a little bit.

Speaker  343253:20
These are just some questions. How could your team's unique talents fuel expansion? You really want to stick to people's best qualities. If someone's really creative, let them be creative. Don't stick them in a data role. If someone's great at data, let them be on data. That's just, you know, obvious things, but you got to read the room. You got to understand what your people are really good at. Let's jump to, okay, business development. I think that's something that's important for every organization. You never really want to be stuck where you are, especially in the space that we're in. You can lose a deal, lose a product, the listing can go down. You always have to be launching and growing rapidly. I mean, if so many people have told me over the years, huge companies, especially with inflation, with rising costs of employees and everything, if you're not moving forward, at least growing 20, 30% a year, or at least trying to you're going the wrong way. So always adding new products, new development is huge.

Speaker  361845:20
Let's skip this real quick. I really want to get the questions, because I know we don't have a ton of time. You have a good question? Yeah, sure, let's just jump to that. Questions anyone.

Speaker  365130:40
Thank you guys.

Speaker  365818:39
Incentives going because we always find the person who sees the dashboard, they go, oh, man, they're selling all this stuff. I'm only getting paid this. I should get paid a lot more. You know, great, great point, great question. I have something good for you. I can tell you real quick, and if you want, we could talk after what I did is I built a formula that they're incentivized by not just sales, but it's a percentage of sales based on their inventory to total sales. So your inventory is important there, because you can't have too much inventory. So let's say, for example, if you have 10% of your total sales and inventory or less, you get x percentage point and vice versa, and then also net profit margin after shared expenses. I can talk to you about it, but basically keeps them honest. They can't just do sales and make no money and they get paid. So there's there's ways to do it, and I'll share my formula with you. Anyone else I'm going to call on Hank only because I know Hank, like 20 years and I see him in the crowd. Hank give me something

Speaker  381914:40
I love a lot of what you said about team building, because I've been in so many office atmospheres where that culture is missing, and it's very hard to push the envelope to try something new when everyone's not eye cold and like apprehended. So I appreciate you saying that out there, but beyond that, I see like for someone like myself, up in that stage where I'm doing everything myself, I everything myself. Was it hard for you personally to take a step back and put trust in

Speaker  391669:20
those managers? Very hard, I can tell you. What I started to do was every morning I would be messaging the team the mistakes that I found before they even got a chance to do it, so like, I'd be posting things. Hey, why is this price this way? Why didn't we reorder this? Why didn't we do that by 9am and I asked them, I said, is this bothering you? They said, Yeah, Joe, it's bothering us. Give us a minute. So you have to learn how to let them make the mistake. Sit with them and explain the why, if you're not. Giving them the why, they're not going to know. So give them the why, and hopefully, like I said earlier, you have to hire the right people for the right roles. So put the right people in the right spots. You'll know pretty quickly if they're the right person in that role. So if they understand the why and start fixing it, you know, you have one ride them, then you got to go to the next person and the next person, but you have to, at least at some point, relinquish that, you know, let go for a minute. If they keep making mistakes, they're not the right person. You know, anyone else? Any other questions, where do you look for talent? Like, where do you find jobs or post jobs? Or so I use, I use, indeed, also use LinkedIn. And even more recently, I've really reached out to my network to see, because I'm in the Amazon space in so many different areas, speak to people that I know and that I trust that have similar core values to me, and ask them if they know people. And I've gotten some good referrals. And then second part to that what we're a mixture of stateside and offshore. Like, what do you that C suite? Do you recommend keeping it stateside and like, what? I'm a little extreme, so I don't want to preach this too much, but I'm, like, in the Jamie diamond mindset of, like, I need people in my office. That's just me. I we also have, you know, in Riverbend, where 70% the other way, by having people overseas, but I feel like any collaborative role, I feel much more comfortable when we're together. All right, guys, thank you. You.
