MDS Mogul Call with Jay Hunter
Date: July 30, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Call. I go and do every Wednesday. Grace, yeah, this is it. So we normally get people to come on a little bit early to test the audio and say hello. So I thought you could be here for this bit when the call starts itself. It'll be quite boring. You wouldn't like it. So you can go when the call starts before you might come. Like to come and say hello to people.

Speaker  5856:00
Yeah, Jay is not the most exciting. So you know

Speaker  6885:20
that's Jay.

Speaker  7925:20
Hi, that's Jay and that's Belen.

Speaker  9637:20
What's your name? What's your name? Yeah, I

Speaker  11200:00
love it.

Speaker  13146:40
What do we what have we done today? Grace, yeah, a really amazing. Oh, we had some friends over, didn't we?

Speaker  20656:00
And then, so you remember, Emily's mommy? Yeah, yeah, we've met I we met her through these group, through this group of people. Grace drew on your face

Speaker  26245:20
just a bit. I

Speaker  27834:40
not gonna make me popular

Speaker  31050:40
everywhere, right?

Speaker  31658:40
Jay, how did he get on with the presentation?

Speaker  32544:00
Everything's good, yeah, ready to rock.

Speaker  32992:00
Oh, awesome. How's everything going at Mary Ruth,

Speaker  34672:00
great. Everything up to the right. So, everything good,

Speaker  35488:00
awesome. That's good. So how did you get, how did you get on with did you make some did you make some slides? Or, yeah,

Speaker  38437:20
yeah, I have a I have a deck. It's maybe a little lengthy, but I'm a pretty fast talker, so I've got maybe, of content, maybe like 2530 slides. You know, I repurpose some stuff I had, but really, I'll walk through sort of the content engine, how it works at Mary ruse, and then talk a little bit about how we're using AI to sort of amplify that. This is sort of like the two part talk. So,

Speaker  44250:40
yeah, as interesting, because I don't know if you saw Brian Kelsey posted today saying he's basically abandoned influencers and he's doing all AI content, yep, 100% which is quite interesting, because I would have thought that the candles, it wouldn't work. Because if I'm buying a candle without smelling it, I would need a person to reassure me that it smells good. Yeah, but it'd be interesting to see how it's how it's working.

Speaker  53232:00
Just test my screen share here, because I don't want to go full presentation mode. Is this good? Is this the size? Yeah, okay, great. Because I just, I want to have my speaking notes up on the side. So,

Speaker  57973:20
oh, it is good job. I love this side that's good.

Speaker  61066:40
We have Leo here. Hope he feels he's feeling better already.

Speaker  64746:40
So someone hasn't turned their camera on, then it just says their name, or sometimes there's a photo of them that comes up. So for example,

Speaker  67824:00
yeah, that's

Speaker  68896:00
Leo. Hey guys. How are you?

Speaker  69952:00
Hi, Leo, I booked in your paper for a mobile call. September.

Speaker  71941:20
Yeah, did you talk to him? Not yet.

Speaker  72965:20
I haven't talked to yet, but I said, Can you send me something like, you know, a podcast you've been on, or something? So he sent me his website, and there's a testimonial from you

Speaker  76202:40
there. That's all you need in life. Okay, you got a testimonial from Leo. You're the man. So pretty, pretty easy, you know?

Speaker  78074:40
Yeah, actually, his work, he's working with like five MDS members out of 30 in Vancouver. So,

Speaker  80112:00
Oh, nice.

Speaker  80304:00
Are you training with him in person? Or are you training with him remotely?

Speaker  81408:00
I'm training with him in person. Yeah, some people are doing remotely. He's also working on an app, like a mobile app, to train people, yeah.

Speaker  85856:00
Challenge. Oh, nice.

Speaker  88981:20
So you're feeling better, Leo, I saw your progress pictures when I spoke to Ihor. So you're looking great.

Speaker  91066:40
Thank you. It's a nice weather in linkover.

Speaker  92330:40
How do you like living in Vancouver? Then say your favorite? Or is it ever called? It's got pros and cons, like other places.

Speaker  94570:40
Sorry, I missed that. Sorry.

Speaker  95194:40
Oh, so do you like Vancouver? Is it? Is it your favorite place to live? Or

Speaker  96186:40
it's a good place? A good place for the summer. It's a terrible place for the winter, kind of like England, no, yeah,

Speaker  99504:00
it's not so bad winters. I mean, our winters have gotten a bit mild recently, which is sometimes a bit disappointing if he wants for snow. But um, yeah,

Speaker  101765:20
yeah. I mean, I like snow in London. You know, it's a great, it's like a great city for the come for Christmas all the lights. You know, it's a great place.

Speaker  104069:20
You like snow race, yeah? What about Brighton? Do you like Brighton as a place to live? Grace,

Speaker  107077:20
yeah? Thumbs up. Love it.

Speaker  108986:40
AJ, what's up? How's it going? Brother, good to see you,

Speaker  110650:40
yeah, good to see you, too, man,

Speaker  110938:40
you're always positive. You always shine among the secret,

Speaker  112026:40
thanks, man, just taking My mirror's vitamins.

Speaker  112816:00
You know, I know that's the secret. All

Speaker  115536:00
right, breaks we're gonna start, so go and find my way. High five. Well done for doing the intro. That's what I meant by being prepared. Professional, not doing that, right? Take a bottle. Take bottle of water.

Speaker  122805:20
Okay?

Speaker  123498:40
Oh, you need to change it says. It says, hosted by Etn. Do you make? You made? FTN got his own slide. Daniel,

Speaker  127258:40
I changed it, and I changed his photo too, but I just changed the photo back and forgot to change this. I'll change it now. Sorry.

Speaker  129376:00
So let's have a quick run through the MDS slides, and then the first one is going to be about the app. Now there's a new feature on the app that I'm excited about. Is you can now register with Google rather than Facebook and Apple, because I know with the Facebook have to log in, I have to confirm my login a lot. So I'm hoping with the Google login that might be better, if anyone can confirm that, let us know in the chat. But I'm sure you guys have lots of recordings to Kat to catch up on. I'm sure you're listening to and watching a load of chunk and instead, you should be watching and listening to the MDS content next up. So yeah, Milan Summit. I hope everyone has got their ticket, still not too late to book. Really hoping to see you guys there. Jay, are you going?

Speaker  142122:40
Yes, I had my ticket. I think I'm speaking at this one as well. So I'll be there for sure.

Speaker  143498:40
Oh, awesome. Okay, all right, next up. Okay, yeah. So just a reminder to get on the WhatsApp channel. So I know a few people joined it recently, so it just makes it impossible to forget or not know about any calls that are coming up. So I put the reminders on there, and it's not going to cluster up your whatsapp feed. It's not a group. It's just it's just me, me putting updates really. Next up, I will put a link. We'll put a link to it later. In case you're on your phone, you can't scan QR code, okay? Partner, spotlight, video and graphic design service, 50% off the first month. So yeah, that's a pretty big discount. So yeah, give that a scan if you want to check that out. No Limits, no limit. Creator, all right, so start the official recording here. Hey guys, welcome to the Mogul call. I've got a message from Jay. A month or so ago asking if I could have him, I said, Yes, please be great. I'm sure lots of you will be keen to hear from him. So for those of you that don't know, Jay is the Chief Revenue Officer at Mary roof, one of the most high profile and successful MDS companies, founded by JV Kim. How's it going, Jay? It's

Speaker  165040:00
going well. It's going well, how's it going? Cool.

Speaker  165637:20
So, yeah, one of the topics that Jay suggested was the content, the content engine for Mary roof. So I'm sure you guys might have seen some some real life ads, or some online ads for Mary Ruth. In the past, I know you guys have Mary Ruth customers. Myself included. I took my multi, my liquid multivitamin today. So, yeah, we're really keen to to hear about this, because it's a pretty big operation at Mary Ruth, the content, right? Yeah,

Speaker  173738:40
for sure, I would say, you know, today the content engine really what powers, you know, our entire marketing engine. The contents really like the hub of that. So, yeah, I think today, I just wanted to share a little bit, because I get a lot of questions. From MDS and from other groups just how we do it, sort of all the pieces that put the content together. And then I'm going to talk a little bit about how we're using AI, you know, I would say pretty practically, to sort of amplify that. So sort of a two parter. Figured I'd share. I think for me, these type of things go really great. If people have questions, feel free to pop them in the chat or interject. Happy to do a little Q and A as we go. So right,

Speaker  183221:20
let's do it. So, yeah, let's jump in. All right, great,

Speaker  184517:20
okay. Can you see my screen here? Okay, yeah, I've got it. Okay, great. Okay, so let me just take it through here. Just a little bit about Mary ru a little bit about myself, you know, I think most of you know me, but just in case you don't, yeah, Mary roost, we're a, I would say, a premium health and wellness brand for us. You know, I would say we're really grounded in trust, efficacy, transparency, those are the things we really live by. Our core strength really lies in, like the liquid vitamin supplement space, and we've got a pretty big DTC business, but retail reach or distribution is growing really well for us this year as well as last couple of years.

Speaker  194560:00
Roof customer put your favorite Mary roof products in the chat? Yeah,

Speaker  195872:00
I'm gonna bet at least for the ladies, it's definitely that multivitamin plus hair growth, but you got some good gummy products.

Speaker  197909:20
What is your favorite? What's your favorite? Mary roof product? Me,

Speaker  198837:20
I'm a big sweets guy, so we have, like, some sugar free gummies, but we also have sugar gummies that are organic. And I like the men's multivitamin organic because it has a little bit of sugar in it, so it tastes amazing. That's my favorite product for sure, by far. Unfortunately, the hair growth product is only clinically studied on women, so it's not going to help me out here. To help me out here. So, yeah, I would just say, you know, Mary ruse, we're getting to be a bit of a bigger brand. So, you know, we're very focused on mission these days, right? So I think for us, like, the core mission is we want to empower everyday wellness for families, you know, all across the country. For Mary Ruiz, like she's still the CEO today, and her, like, big mission is she just, she wants to take care of people at every life stage, and so I think that's what we're really focused on today. A little bit about me. I'm the chief revenue officer, so, you know, I oversee marketing, e com, retail sales, sorry, retail marketing, international sales, and creative and analytics. So I do wear a few different hats. Been with the company long time, so I was able to see sort of what it was like when it's a bit smaller to how it is now. And I think one of my big skills, or one of the things I do do well, is, I think these days, I really focused on just building high performing teams, and when the org gets this big, just like creating clarity on, like, what is the mission, what are the goals, and how do we avoid distractions? I would say, is my everyday job these days. So, okay, so let's just dive in a little bit about the content engine for us. I mean, the content engine is really the heartbeat of, like, how we grow, right? The creative, I would say, is for us, at least, is built just like product, right? We test it, we iterate on it, we scale it. I think the model is very fast, high volume insight driven, and it's really, you know, the content engine is powering the performance on paid organic and influencer, right? So for us, sort of the engines where we start, and then we're into the marketing that was just sort of the output. So we operate, I would say, still today, even at our at our larger size, is, you know, with a very startup mindset, but we are trying to get a little bit more like enterprise discipline. So we're trying to make a process that's, you know, pretty intuitive and easy to follow, but still a little bit agile, right? I think something new comes up every time. I'll talk a little bit about how we took the engine that we used to have and amplified it with AI to get, you know, 345, x the output that we used to get, but still got a lot of human components, which I think is where we've really shined and been great with. So just a little bit about, like, how the content engine works, right? It's really about high volume, high velocity. So we're doing like a two week sprint style, where we're trying to put out as much content as we can every two weeks. We think, for most of the algorithms today, especially like in the paid and organic world, content gets stale very fast. So we think you need a large volume of content to really make the engine work. And there's a lot of places to get the content. Get the content. I'll talk about that a little bit. Some of that's, you know, content creators which are a bit different from influencers. There's influencers, you know, there's there's UGC sites that I think can really overcharge or supercharge or or power it, like join brands and others, and then a little bit of it is, like professional content that we do try to weave in, especially as we're getting a little bit bigger, we are driving, bit bigger, we are driving, you know, some more, maybe commercial content that I don't always recommend in the early stages for brands, but for us, it started working. And I think the other big part of the engine is like, we do a lot of testing, we do a lot of killing and a lot of scaling, right? So we test every single thing. We've got some great metrics. We're using a lot of third party tools today, like motion, North beam, triple whale, if it's a tool you can use for paid media performance analysis, I probably have it or using that to just be super objective about the performance of creative, right? We're not tied to any one ad we've created or any one piece of content. If it does well, we'll scale up the budget. If it does bad, we'll kill it. And, you know, I think we're pretty live or die on those types of metrics. This is how we operate the engine. So again, it's a little bit on high output two week sprints. But, you know, we have essentially a centralized hub that ensures we're, like, always tracking what we have, what's coming in, what's going out, and just making sure we're forever adding additional content to the hub. Sorry, content creators really generate the volume of the content. Again, we use this from a few different sources, but our number one source is we just have a lot of great partnerships directly with content creators. And content creators are, you know, these are people who create great content, but maybe don't have big social followings, or maybe the following they do have isn't great at turning into sales. These people just create really great videos. These are the people that are going to follow a script you send or can produce, like a very specific piece of content, you win, you need. And then on top of that, we use influencers to sort of extend the reach and get some of that authenticity, right? You want faces that people recognize and they know, and those are people that have bigger followings, but, you know, I think a lot of creators these days might have a little bit, little bit of Hollywood diva in them, right? So it's a little harder to get those people to follow a script or be, like, very specific about what they're creating, right? So we try to give them a lot more flexibility so that they can create kind they can create content that's authentic and that people resonate with. But we use the content creators to sort of get scale or volume of content, I mean, and create sort of the content that we need. In the middle,

Speaker  286490:40
an influencer is posting on their own channels, and then content creators will be posting on dedicated channels that they set up just to talk about Mary Ruth.

Speaker  288384:00
That's correct, yes, yep. So we're trying to do, you know, little bit of both the content that influencers post on their own channels. We still use, sort of for the paid content engine, but with create content creators, you only get the content with influencers. You sort of get both. You get a post, which is a little bit of the marketing, and you get the content. And then each sprint that we run again, we're running sort of like a two week sprint model. You could run this in a bunch of different formats, but it's very structured, right? We have briefs that's like, what our ad launch protocols are. We review checkpoints, and then at each sort of checkpoint, we're trying to ensure, like, what's the output, what's the velocity on all these different ads that we're running? You know, we're putting up so many different ads every week, or every two weeks. You need to just make sure that we're very dialed in on those pieces. Okay, let me just go here. I think for influencers and this one, I'm going to go into a little bit more than what I have on the slide here, but again, we really separate influencers from content creators. But I do think even within influencers, we have a bunch of different sort of buckets, right? I think the core bucket for us, though, is, you know, we run a very ROI driven influencer strategy. So we want influencers to be successful and be profitable as its own marketing channel, right outside of what it provides to the content engine. And so today, you know, sort of unique, but I think a lot of people on the call probably doing this now, we run an influencer program where we only measure direct attribution, so we provide every influencer or coupon code, maybe that's usually generally for like, 15% off, and we let that code work on both Amazon and our DTC site or Shopify, right? So really, the message that we ask most influencers to give is, hey, you know, I'm partnered with Mary Ruth. This is what I love about the product. Love for you to buy it. You can get it on Amazon or you can get it on their direct site. Here's the code that works for both. I think I'm pretty anti own the customer, right? I think you want customers to shop where they want to shop. And I think, you know, short of being like a revolutionary invention, sort of tough for me as a vitamin company, to get someone to buy their vitamins somewhere new, right? If you buy your vitamins at Whole Foods, the chance that I'm gonna be so cool that I convince you to buy them at Target is slim to none, right? So I want you to buy your vitamins where you like. To buy your vitamins. If that's a direct website, that's great, but if that's on Amazon, that's also great. So for us, we try to give a very authentic message, like, hey, please shop where you want. Here's a code that sort of works for both. And then we're just very diligent about tracking that influencer ROI based on the coupon code usage. If it's profitable, we continue influencer partnerships. If it's not, we don't. And so the reason that model so great is it gives you, pretty much you're making money on what you do with the influencers, but then the content that you sort of own or get to use from them in your ads, essentially comes in for free, right? So that sort of dual process or strategy with the influencers really makes you, you know, I would say, a little bit invincible. You know, all these influencers that I'm talking about are sort of outside of the Tiktok shop sphere, which I wasn't going to get into too much, but these are, like, just direct influencers where, like, I want to pay you 1000 bucks. I want two pieces of content this month, and then I want to measure the ROI of that content, and then I want to use that content and paid ads. So for us, you know, influencers is a big piece of the overall puzzle, you know. Again, content generator and also a marketing lever. So I do think we're pretty selective on influencers today, you know, again, my Tiktok shop strategy, I'm going super wide. I'd work with any micro creator that exists. But on the influencer strategy that we're very strategic on, you know, is this influencer relevant to the brand? Do they have good engagement? We care a lot more about the fit than we do about the follower account, right? Like, we're not going after just influencers with a huge amount of following. We want people to have, like, an engaged like an engaged audience, and also like an audience that they can monetize. So So you're

Speaker  348554:40
saying, what for Instagram and YouTube, you're quite powerful about who you pick, but for Tiktok shop, anyone can have a go at making a video.

Speaker  350234:40
That's correct? Yeah, I think Tiktok shops. The attention span of the Tiktok shop algorithm is much shorter than any other one, so you need a large amount of content, and I just don't think there's any other way to get it. But way to get it. But, you know, especially working with every micro crater you can, you know, for influencers, again, there's a little bit of diva there, I would say, Right? A lot of brands are throwing a lot of money around, so we're pretty light, but we do provide, like, a nice looking, I would say, pretty thorough. Just like, here's what we'd love for you to say, here's what our lawyers ask that you don't say, you know, we're in a very compliant, heavy category, right? So we try to give a little bit of both. But ultimately, we give a lot of flexibility to creators like, hey, we just love for you to say, it tastes good. We'd love for you to say, does this benefit? Please don't say these things that are not allowed. You know, the rest is sort of up to you on the concept and the script. So we, you know, we try to web in the middle, I would say, of what they can do, first what they can't. And then you give them some freedom to create content that their audience is going to like, right? So they were influencers, you got to be a lot lighter on sort of telling them what to do, okay? And this is just diving in a little bit. I'm going to talk about all the different pieces. I think creative testing here is one of the biggest ones, right? Like, I hear a lot of brands say, you know, the meta algorithm changed, or this is no longer working. And I think that's just table stakes for the game, right? Like, algorithm isn't working is not an excuse, except for my paid media buyers, right? Like it's always moving. The algorithm is always growing. You got to sort of figure it out. And I think that just comes from, you know, a lot of creative iteration and testing, right? Like, I think you have to iterate relentlessly, right? Like, for us, and I'll talk about this in a little bit, but these days, you know, we might be putting out, you know, 500 pieces of content every two weeks, which I would say is quite a bit, but a lot of that content is very similar, just with some slight optimizations, right? Might be a different hook at the beginning, my different USP in the middle might be different call to action at the end. I think, like, you need to be testing all those different elements to really understand, like, what creative is doing. Well, I do think every campaign does have a little bit of, like, creative brief stage, right? I think that's a little bit internal and external. But in the internal, like, we want to identify, what do we think are the best benefits of the product? What are the angles that we've seen that are working for other brands that we want to test? You know, what is the audience we're going after, and do we need to show, you know, influencers that are relevant to that audience? We do like a lot of that prep work upfront for every single one of these sprints, right? So it's not just like a set of Forget it, right? There's a bit of a bit of a manual element there, I think, especially for the strategizing. And then the testing sort of happens in a cycle, right? So it's great the variations launch, them all analyze, them repeat, right? I think there's a cycle, and you got to go through the full cycle to really get the most benefit out of it. Okay? Ad testing again, you know, we deploy a lot of variants for most of the ads that we test. You know, we try to give equal budget and time analysis to really let, like some of the AI tools I'm going to talk about, understand what's working and what's not right. You need to give everything a little bit of time and a little bit of time and a little bit of budget, otherwise you might skew the results. So, you know, we do a lot of different variants for almost everything. We do lot of split testing, and then all the winners are scaled right depending on, you know, what the tool is, might be AC, might be p max, but you know, we're always focused on ROAs. We're big performance marketers, even at our size. Like, I'm not big on brand marketing. I'm big on it's a buzzword, but I'm big on brand performance, which is just do so much performance marketing that you build a brand. So we're very like, ROAs driven on, like, what's the performance of these ads? We look at other metrics, like dump stop ratio, watch time, stuff like that. But for us, the really big focus is what's the ROAs and then we usually scale, you know, based on the top performing ads there

Speaker  411978:40
we do monitor, again, you're just putting out so much that there's not really a need to do extra stuff just, just for the sake of eyeballs.

Speaker  414394:40
Yeah. I mean, in my Yeah, the way I view it, right, is, like performance marketing is we run an ad yesterday. Today, I want to wake up and, know, like, did the ad make money? Right? And I think I'm big on that across the entire org, brand marketing is like, hey, we ran an ad yesterday. We think it might pay off in three to six months, you know, like, and that's fine. It works for some people. I think it has, like, a bigger multiplier sometimes, but I think it's just more risky, right? For me, if we run an ad yesterday and it's profitable, I can spend more money on it today, or if it's not, I can spend less and try to figure out what was wrong with it. I think just being super aggressive on that and staying in the performance marketing world, it's just hard to fail like that, right? Every day you're just trying to be 1% better than you were yesterday, first making a big bet that may or may not pay off in a longer period of time. For me, I think that's just a safer, easier scale, right? So that's how we run the ads, generally, how we run the whole business, I would say. But we're very big on performance marketing over brand marketing. Again, you know, we're looking at some of the micro KPIs sometimes, just to get idea on how good is the creative and maybe What's wrong if something's not going well, or what's right if something's going really well. We're looking at, you know, the hook rate, view, percent, you know, stuff like that, just to try to make sure we optimize and we're always putting the best ass forward. But again, for me, I'm big on ROAs in pretty much every stage. Here you can sort of see what our two week sprint looks like, right? There's the planning stage. Again, it's sort of where we're identifying a bunch of sorry. Let me just move this over. This is where we're identifying the concept, the angles, the products. We're doing, brief creation, where, like my internal creative team will write some of the briefs or angles that we want directly from the creators. And then that's also where we do a little bit of the do's and don'ts for the influencers. We manage everything today in the sauce. So for us, that's just sort of our hub, that we're tracking everything through. You could really use anything click up. We did this for a long time in Google Sheets. I think that's also fine for us. You know, we're getting bigger, so in our category has, like heavy compliance. So there is sort of a stage of, like approval before we launch right just legal and compliance, sign off of it. Then we put it out. We do our creative micro analysis after that's that's live, and then we do our iterations and our close out, right? So what ads are going to live past the two week sprint into the next sprint, and other optimizations we need to make on those you know, just today, like how much creative we're putting out, I think is one of the big pieces of the sprint, right? Like you always want to be raising the bar for how much you get out, I do think, in general, you can just win on volume. I think quality is hyper important. But you can pretty much, you know, bulldoze your way to some success if you're just putting out a lot of Kat, you know, the Gary V or the hormozi strategy, which is like, just do more. I do think that applies heavily here. You know, again, you want to be putting out content that you want your brand to be viewed with, or like you would put your name on. But I think in general, volume is really name of the game. So I think you just want to stay aggressive on that

Speaker  463978:40
and push hard.

Speaker  465424:00
Okay, here's just a little bit before I get into AI like examples of like, you know what has worked for us in the past? Some of this is a little bit outdated, but I wanted to just put something like for us. What we found is, like, some of the split screen stuff on Tiktok does extremely well, right? Really strong engagement. If you have like, two things going at once, like, that's how short to consumers intention span is now. So we found, like, doing multiple things at once have worked really well. We actually found a lot of success like on meta with static creative. So we've been doing a lot more static than we have done. I would say in 2025 we're doing a lot more than we did in 2024 maybe 18% of all the creative we put out a static creative and that's doing really well for us on meta. And then we do a lot of solo UGC, so just a lot of it, I would consider this almost white listing with just some slight modifications, right? We're just taking really good influencer content, or really good content creators that are just like doing the normal UGC, and we're bringing that over. I think, you know, some people would say that's getting a bit stale, but I still think it works, especially if the person you know has the right talking points about the product, and they know how to speak well, and the lighting is good. I still think, like, just almost regular UGC, but a little bit more professional is still crushing it for us. I think some things that we haven't found work, and I think this is where you really is where you really need to dial in on. Some of the talking points. In brief, is, like, gray area claims, right? Like, just great examples, compliance will always tell you can say, hey, great for overall wellness. That's not a claim. That's going to help me in marketing, right? So I think you really need to dial in on, like, what can you say about your products, and is it really a reason that people should buy your product over other products, right? I do think testimonials are okay, but you need, like, some proof of value, right? Like, if I'm gonna talk about the hair growth, like people showing their hair will make it work, versus, hey, this product is great. It works. Like, just some of that sort of generic messaging hasn't done as well for us, for sure. And then I would say, forced credibility hasn't been great for us, right? So sometimes we try to get experts, like in the field to work with the product, but if they don't actually authentically take the product, I think we've seen that sort of shine through the content. I do think, like the number one thing, the most important thing, is authenticity, right? So even when we work with influencers or creators, we tell them, like, hey, if it's the first time you ever took our product, the first video you make for us should be like, hey, just started with Mary ruse, not sure how I feel about it. Let Yeah, I'll let you know. Like, I don't want you to go in and say, Hey, I love Mary ruse. Like your audience has been following you for a while. Where's Mary was been all your life, you know? Like, I wanted to be a bit authentic. And I think in general, trying to force something that's not authentic has now worked well for us. We've tried this, you know, from a few different angles, and it just hasn't been that successful. So okay, now I'm gonna talk a little bit about, I think the fun part, which is just like, what we've unlocked with AI, we've seen, like, a ton of success from Ai. I'm gonna, you know, I just gave you sort of what the content engine was. I'm gonna down talk it a little bit just on, like, what was, what we were doing pre AI, essentially. You know, we had strong in house, creative and great performance testing. We have a lean team. We still have a lean team today, I would say, for based on our size, and we're still, what I would say, pretty scrappy. You know, most of our growth today is still fueled by meta and Tiktok. I think that's Tiktok. I think that's still true. I think those two channels are the new TV, and they're, like, very unique channel where they're both upper and lower funnel. Influencer, UGC is still big for our sole email and SMS, which I'm going to talk a bit, a little bit about, the outside the engine. And we just had, like, a very manual process for how we did copy, asset testing, performance analysis. You know, I think just a lot of manual execution that sort of, like, capped out how much content we can put out every single we every sprint or every month. I'm going to talk about it a little bit, but, like, our output has really drastically increased since rolling out AI, and it's pretty practical, right? I'm not one of those guys that thinks, you know, I'm going to have a one man team next year, and that person's going to do everything with the help of AI, right? I'm really big on, like, can I just amplify the output of my current team, but not replace them, right? I think there's like, a component of doing both together, and I'm going to sort of talk about how it's working for us here. Here you can sort of see, I guess, the numbers I quoted were mostly not by with you, by the way. But I think you can see here, like, how our content has just shifted. We really adopted most of our AI stuff in 2025 but you can see we were putting out this is probably about 7580 pieces of content on every two weeks sprint. And now we're actually up to about 250 maybe 275 depending on the month, every two weeks. So you can see, like, we really amplified how much content is coming out today, and that stayed pretty consistent. I think I have a little bit higher numbers for June and July, but that's mainly just because a lot of event stuff, you know, Prime Day stuff like that. Because as growth accelerated, I really think, like, we just noticed that you you need more content, right? Like, I think again, that's sort of the winning strategy. Is all the algorithms are killing content incredibly fast because it's just getting too stale, too fast, especially when you're spending a lot of money, right? I think you're spending a smaller amount of money, you can take it a bit slower, but once the budgets really open up like, you know, essentially as demand surged, so did the pressure to create faster and smarter content, right? So we needed that to we, you know, the really, the only way we could supplement that is to use AI. You know, we like to keep brand integrity, which I think AI is pretty good at, if you coach it well enough. And so, you know, I think right now we're seeing pretty good creative output increase from it. I'll talk a little bit about, like, what our stack looks like. And these are all, again, I'm a very practical guy. So these are all pretty basic. Most of you probably using them today. This is just how we're using them. We don't have any AI tools that I would say like are revolutionary. But you know, we're using chat GPT for a lot of the copywriting, ideation, performance messaging. You know that that might be a Claude also, it's like a second level. We're using a mid journey a lot for concept art, right? So a lot of this is not like the final creative but when my paid media guys are like, hey, I really want to add that looks like this, and they're having trouble figuring out how they're going to say that to the graphic designers. Mid journey is like a great middle area to be like, hey, I want something like this. Helps a lot with our, you know, design mood boards. It can create some of the final static ads. But you know, not always true. We have some custom gpts. We use these really heavily for like, keeping our brand voice, for like, SMS, messaging, email subject lines, paid media, you know what we're going to put in the ad copy, stuff like that. We're using a lot of custom GPT for that. We use motion app, and you'll find, I think, like a lot of the tools you use today have like, some component of an AI add on, but motion user helps us with a lot of, like, video content breakdown, hook analysis, stuff like that. We're using prescient, which is just mixed media modeling, essentially. It's got a little bit more of an AI component than some of the other ones, so we like it a lot. And then again, some more. Just like aI assistance for Klaviyo, SMS tools, we're using some of that, even for customer response now, through SMS and even on our website, and it's been going pretty well. You have to train the models quite extensively, I would say, like, it's taken us a long time to get them in good spots. But once you do, you know a lot of things you can see from that. Everything we do here, all these tools we use, like, we're doing a lot of work, I would say, like, My Head of Brand and her creative team, like, I spent a lot of time on, like, how we keep Mary Roose tone, you know, within all of these AI systems, and then, you know, the rest of the team is really just pushing for, like, how fast can we go, and can we get better performance out of

Speaker  586645:20
it? Are you telling it? Are you giving it the information about what's succeeding so that it can try and find ways to replicate that in ads that are doing? Okay?

Speaker  589178:40
Yes, always cool. So we'll give it to creative to analyze, like, Hey, here's the performance. But then we we try to, we try to pipe back in like, what has worked well and what is working so that it can understand that and make better decisions in the future. 100% we have a really great analytics system today. You know, that sort of sits in my org, but, you know, I'm piping in almost every data point under the sun, right, all my Amazon data and Shopify and meta and Tiktok shops, even retail, you know, scan data, all that's coming through, and we try to provide that today. I think, like, our biggest thing we're tackling that we haven't resolved, is, like, how can we really better measure our recap, our retail incrementality from ads? That's like, a huge question that if we find the answer to, it's like finding a cure for cancer, you know, like, people really want to know, like, are the ads are driving on meta and tick tock, driving sales in retail? And I think, I think that it's obvious the answer is yes, but like, to what degree is something that we're like, still using AI to really model out correctly? So okay, let me go next one here. I would just say here you can sort of see, like we have AI in pretty much every step of the cycle here. So, you know, all the way from briefing to iteration right now, it's just powering a lot of the speed, right? So, scripting, asset creation, asset performance analysis, all the testing, you know, and it's really helped us boost output, you know, again, three to 5x without really sacrificing the quality, I would actually say, because the team has a bit more time, like, the total quality of creative has really substantially increased. They just have better data on what's working, what's not working, what do people like, what do they don't and so I think, like, the level of creative is really accelerated, because AI is taking a lot of the, you know, I would say, less fun work off their place, so that they can really just focus on what is focus on what is the best creative that we can make. So okay, let's talk about little bit like the creative amplification here, just like some before and after numbers, right? So you can see here, like, per week, we were probably putting out 10 to 15 different scripts, but now with AI, you know, you can take even just five ideas and turn them into 50 plus, almost without issue. So we're getting a lot more of the initial scripts out. The team does spend some time after the AI outputs them like, what do we rank these scripts? What script do we think are the best? What are we going to move creatives? What are we going to move creators forward with just the amount of variance or ads we can put out, we have found that AI is actually pretty good at some of the video editing stuff we do. We don't love AI for video generation today, but for video editing or like, even clipping some of the longer form content into shorter form clips that we can use, or the video editors we have on staff can use, that's been really great. And there's our ability to turn something around fast. You know, my team will tell you I'm sending emails at 1am like, Hey, can we try this new thing? And I think before we take, like, a little bit of time for them to get all the pieces together, like, if we really need to, we can turn something around in 48 hours. And then we've just found that, like, copy fatigue, this is more from like, a strategic standpoint, but like, just how many new ideas your copywriter can come up with, you know, there's just a high level of fatigue there, right? They can only figure out how to talk about a single product so many ways where I think, like aI almost has, like, an unlimited capacity to find creative things to say about a single product. So all those things have been, you know, really accelerated by adding AI to the mix.

Speaker  644928:00
And are you getting the same so, say, say, you say you were at 10 and then you went to 50. Are you getting the same proportion of big winners as you would have got had you done it all human? Or is the hit rate higher or lower with I'd say

Speaker  649893:20
the percent winners is similar, right? I think I have a great team. I think they're do incredible job. So I think the percent of winners is the same, but because we put out so much more content, the total number of winners,

Speaker  652970:40
the witness is pretty good. Yeah,

Speaker  653754:40
exactly. Right. So I think, you know, I think, in general, like, it's sort of kept our ratio, but now we can just do it at a bit better scale. I don't know what the upper limits are, right? I think we probably, I'd have to look, I just be speaking. But I think, like, you know, maybe doing 500 pieces of creative every month. I think the last two months, we might be a little bit closer to, like, 606 50. You know, I don't know what the upper limit is. Of like, how much creative can we be putting out? You know, what is feasible? I think part of that also depends on, like, what your budget is, right? If you only got $1,000 a day, you don't need 500 pieces of creative. Right? So you need those two components got to sort of scale together. But right now, because we're getting a lot more winners, we're able to scale the budget quite a bit as well. So, okay, just this is a little bit on, like, how we're using AI to just make, you know, obviously I just spark better creative. Is a good phrase to say. But, you know, these are just like some example prompts that we've used, right? So write 10 hooks and Mayor brand voice targeting moms and how we might do an audience. Rewrite these top this top performing ad script and three seasonal variations right? Generate five subject lines for promo email focused on gut health. Like these are the types of things the team is doing and the team is spending more time, like learning and training and even like sharing together on, like, what great AI prompts are? These are just three fast examples, but I think the team's putting a lot more effort into now to like, can we give AI good prompts? Just because we know, like, that's the secret to getting AI to give good output, right? So a lot of gpts are trained, but we're still trying to make the team a little bit better trained on, like, how to make a really great prompt.

Speaker  678901:20
Do you have, like, a metric for when you'll decide whether an ad is a winner or a loser or not? Like, a certain amount of money spent or a certain amount of

Speaker  681253:20
impressions? I think it varies all the time, but I think, you know, for us, we still keep it pretty small. I think after 100 to $150 like, we're judging in an ad on, is it doing well, you know, at least for the first stage of do we scale it up? Right? You know, have a great marketing budget overall in Mary Roose, but I think for us, like, we put out so much creative, like, we give a little bit of money to each ad, and then I think based on what the performance is for that ad, we'll scale it from there, but we still have a bunch of judgment stops. I can send it around. I didn't include it in the deck, but I think our first analysis is usually around $150 and then from there we do $1,000 and I think the next step is $5,000 after that, we'll just scale it almost infinitely, but eventually it'll get stale, right? So as soon as performance declines, we'll go the opposite way on the this sort of de

Speaker  693952:00
scaling, right? So question we had is, what, what app do you like for video editing? Ai, app do you like for video editing?

Speaker  696277:20
I would, I'm going to check with the team. I think we actually have a brand new tool. I'd have, I have to check, I don't know if top my head actually, all right, yeah,

Speaker  698933:20
that'd be great. There's two.

Speaker  699189:20
There's too many. Software. There's too many software tools today. I think they have a new one where they're, they're telling me the output has been the greatest that we've had so far. So I'll check with the team, and I can send it around for sure. And then, yeah, I think by how to target ROAs that I consider successful. You know, you know, if you're judging in platform ROAs, I would say on a meta, like three plus, I would consider successful. And we might scale it right. You want to get more. Just in general, for the business I'm running, what I call a T ROMs, or total return on marketing spend at like an eight, which is probably incredibly high, but that sort of comes to scale. So I would say in platform is a little tough. You know, I have every attribution tool under the sun. It's every mixed media model tool. They all give you a little bit different attribution numbers, but I would say, like a three in platform on meta, I would consider good. You should scale from there. Thanks. Uh, okay, uh, just a little bit more on the numbers. Uh, 4x increasing creative variation per campaign. So this is just like every time we come up with an idea, let's just say it's back to school, we have about 4x more creative for that specific campaign than than we used to. This has helped a lot with new product launches. I think the number one sort of unlock for us is like, we can scale and support, like a new product launch a lot faster. Copyright turnaround is incredibly fast now, right? We can get new copy for a product or product detail page, for ads, for email, about 70% faster. I would say we did. We did a little bit of the measurement. These days, I'm, I am measuring a lot on, like, what is the creative turnaround time? So we have, like, a lot of internal KPIs around that for headline specific to, you know, subject lines or email headlines, about 24% lift and click through rate on those with that's been really helpful to us. I think our, our just general retention stack around email and SMS has got a lot better. And I would say, like, per person on the team, I think we're saving about eight to 10 hours. The numbers a little bit arbitrary, but I think we've just been measuring how much time did the team previously spend on creative versus what they spend now. And it's been significantly diminished on sort of the day to day make creative and a lot more on the strategizing. And I think a lot of companies are, like, a little bit nervous that too many people are spending time on strategy or management. But I think here, like, what wins is having, like, really great ideas powered with the output of AI. I do think AI has a bit generic recommendations generally on, like, what their creative ideas are. So you really have to guide it to get the best use out of the tools, in my opinion. So, okay, just a little bit about the insights I would say. I'm going to just jump into that, and then right after that I have, sort of what I would recommend here is sort of like a look inside our sorry, inside our motion, where you can see, like, what are the some of the performance is. But we do use AI, like you asked Jay me, like heavily, to just continuously monitor ad performance. I like the winning elements. I think right now we're just a lot faster. We just get a lot faster signals on, like hook effectiveness, scroll stoppers, what ads are seeing fatigue and for us, like we no longer have to wait, really, for weekly reports, right? Like a lot of times, your team will send you, like a hey, here's what happened this week. My guys, they don't have to send it anymore. We can just go in any single day. I'll go in and be like, Hey, how's this ad still running? It fatigued two weeks ago, you know? But in general, they're actually quite good at ensuring that never happens, because the data just comes in so fast, right? The paid ad guys come in. I say, Okay, this creative is fatiguing. We should pivot the strategy a little bit. So I'm just looking at this question for Mike. I mean, it's a little bit of a mix. Mike, I would say on meta. We don't let meta decide, like, what budget is going to spread across the campaigns, right? We give each sort of campaigner creative its own specific budget. My strategy on Tiktok and specifically for Tiktok shops, is a bit different, right? I run like one GMV Max campaign per product, and then I just let the algorithm fight it out on what creator is the best. Most of what I'm talking about here is like regular, I would say regular tick tock or non shops tick tock and meta, sure. Uh, ad Limin, I think it's a, it's a, there's a lot of tools, right? I think we use a little bit of the in platform, uh, measurement, right? Just like inside meta or tick tock, but we're using motion most heavily for, like, our creative analysis, and then we're using, like, a North med triple whale just a little bit to understand, like, slightly more objectively. Like, you know, what do we think about the attribution from the platforms? If you listen to every platform on what their attribution is every day, somehow they all took credit, and your sales are greater than 100% of the sales you actually had. So, you know, you always got to take it with a little bit of a grain of salt. But I think all the attribution tools will also tell a different story than each other. So for us, we use them all and a little bit of internal attribution just to get, like, a good direct, directional idea. So, um, you know, I mean, look, we did. We did in the early days, use a lot of gut decision making. I would say, right, like, hey, this, we think this hook is going to work. Or, Hey, this is great, but now, like, it's a lot more data informed. I would say we're trying to lean out, especially on the creative and what we put out, just to be, you know, less art, more science. Like, you know, I think a great example for us is, like we, we would go pretty heavily on benefit first. We thought that was like, pretty much like the best hook for a long time, especially in like, 2023 early 2024 but like when we did a heavy, like, just a heavy, creative analysis on problem, solution versus benefit lad, right? Like this tastes great, versus like, Hey. I mean certain things I can't say, but like, Hey, are you having trouble growing your hair and then talking about why the product goes your hair? Like, we saw significant difference between those two types of things. So like, this is a great example of like. Now we usually start problem solution and benefits are more in the middle of some of the content and sometimes not included at all. Right? It's a little bit of a mix. And right now, I think, like, something that's great for us is we heavily use the AI to sort of tag what's top performing. We can use it a little bit for grouping the creative together to sort of find out, like, what kind of themes are working across the different creative stuff like that has been pretty helpful. So here just a little bit about, like, sharpening some of our lifestyle marketing. And what I would say is, like our CRM or retention, um, you know, we get in a lot more time spent on the creative but also understanding what creative works. We use AI a ton for, just like, again, copy inside the email. But what we found it's most useful for is, like just generating great subject lines that have high open rate, right? So we almost exclusively make subject lines today with AI and then, you know, a little bit of predictive scoring, I would say, on how we improve our SMS targeting accuracy and reduce unsubscribe. So these days, we're doing a lot of work around like, Yeah, I think for us, we think SMS is sacred, right? You don't really want to get a text message from most brands, right? And if you do, it's got to be your brain, like, you're very excited about or you want to purchase. So we're just being like, a little bit more selective on the exact messaging we do, you know, something that's sort of a strategy that AI helped us cook up. But you know, I got to give the team a lot of credit for is we Mary Ruth, when she, when she talks to you, she normally sends you a voice memo, right? Like, she'll, she'll, I message you, and she send you a voice memo. And, like, we thought that was super authentic, and so the team used AI to just brainstorm on, like, Okay, well, what can we get Mary was to send a voice memo, and then we used post script and in a sub service called para to start sending voice memos to customers. And like, now somewhere, SMS is like a voice memo from Mary Ruth that she says, you know, a message that generally, AI helped the script, but Mary was recorded ourselves and like, that's like, something that's super authentic to the brand and also works incredibly well. Like our, you know, click through, rate on those types of messages is, like, really high. So you stuff. Okay, you know, there's a lot of optimization on lifestyle content, so that's been great. And then here's just a little bit on results, outcome. Let me just go here real quick. Okay, yeah, just a little bit again on like, what the creative variance, copywriting, turnaround time, all this type of stuff looks like. You can see a little bit on like, what we think the improvement was on click through, rate on paid social, we spent less time on, you know, a lot less time today, I would say, on briefing and now on, some of the ad testing results is not like our sprint status. I just don't want to confuse it there, we're getting just like, two checkpoints, I would say per week is where the team is really doing, like, most of the optimization around the ad testing cadence, right? So we're generating those that content over two weeks, but we're really, like, making the big changes to what we have inside the campaigns twice a week. And so I would say all those things have been, like, you know, incredibly helpful. Jamie, I only have few more slides, actually, so we can get to questions in just a second.

Speaker  850079:59
You know, I would say I got the team to send some some quotes. I printed these up a little bit with chat GPT. But I think, like, the creative thing feels really good, because they were very pigeon holed in, like, create graphics, right copy and like, now they get to have a little bit more fun on like, what is married vision, and how can they bring it to life, right? And, like, what's the strategy around that? I think they love it a lot. I think CRM also was working a lot, you know, from their gut, what emails look pretty what do people want to hear in the subject line? And now it's a lot more performance driven, right? I think CRM is a place where sometimes you lose that. And I think their growth team, they just like knowing things incredibly fast, right for them, they want to move fast. I think most paid guys work like that. And so they just understand, like, okay, these ads are working, these ones are not, and they can kill it and scale it. And you know, for them, all the glories in the raw as being great. So I think, you know, being able to understand if something's working or not working fast. You know, they love, okay? And this is sort of just like what I might recommend right out the gate, right? So I would say, start small, but start smart, right? Just like, if you're going to roll this content engine that out, like you want to be and use AI for it, I would say like you want to solve a real bottleneck, not just, you know, do it for the sake of doing it, right. Like, if you can get creative content out today, you want to put this engine together if you're having trouble with meta fatigue or saying Tiktok is not going well. Like, that's when you would roll out the engine. And then I say adding AI. Like, you want to make sure, like, your team can't do it, you know, I would do it with the team manually first, and add AI as a second component. I think just for general AI recommendations, like, you know, we treat it like a team member, where we want to teach it a lot of stuff up front, like, what's the tone, what's the value, and what are best practices, like, not just use it for tasks. I think you got to train it a little bit to really get the most out of it. I do. I, you know, I think a lot of guys on the call might like full automation, right? And trying to streamline that. But for me, I'm really big on keeping humans in the loop, right? Like, I think creative judgment still does matter quite a bit, right? Like, again, AI's recommendations are generally generic, and most of your competitors are getting those too. So you want to use AI to sort of enhance but not replace people. And then I would say, focus on workflows, you know, not just tools. So, and I think my last slide here, I think for

Speaker  887237:20
us, did you have like, a consultant or an agency to help you level up your use of AI? Or did you guys just just go on and work it out? Yeah,

Speaker  889445:20
it's a mix. We have used the consultant in the past, and I would recommend that if your team's like Barry Jr on AI. But today, I would say most of the learnings come from the team just being very open about sharing, right? So I personally, like, don't have a mandate, like, Hey, you gotta say one great thing about AI every week. But like, my I think people get generally excited about it, at least at our right now. And so like, in our marketing channel, which is essentially my whole org, everyone in there is staring at everything that's like, working well for AI. So like, hey, we did this, and this is how AI supported and so we just get a lot of, like, team training, I would say, or cross training, like, Hey, this is how we're doing it. This is what works for us. I think the team's just very curious about AI, which helps a lot. So I think you have to champion that culture early on, and then it sort of grows itself. Right? Once people feel like, dang, I can put out three times as much work, and it's not quite as hard. Like, you know, they're gonna love it. I do think, like you need to be and ultimately up to every business how they want to handle it. Like, I think again, if you're pushing AI for amplification, not for replacement, like, people are more excited about it, right? Because I think the junior employees, especially, that's what they worry about. AI is going to be great, and then they won't have a job. And that might be true in some businesses, but for me, like, I love the team I have. I don't think I would replace anyone, even the junior employees, right? I think there's a combination that works. You know, really, for every brand of

Speaker  909786:40
the size, if somebody leaves, are you in a rush to rehire? No,

Speaker  910890:40
definitely hiring slower. For sure, 100% I think even, like, for new roles, like, you know, next year, a big initiative for me is international expansion, and I think, like, how much of the project management and back end work can we do just with AI? I definitely think AI first. I just think, like, for teams you got might not replace, but, yeah, I do think it's slower and higher up for sure. Yeah, this is my sort of last slide, but just sort of what's next for us in terms of, like, what we're going to test and some of the content stuff, but just more personalized journey using AI, right? So, like, when every customer having a new experience, that's something people say all the time, but like, I really want AI to understand. Like, people who buy this product should get pitched this product next. Like, I'm using AI these days for like, When should I serve you the pop up on my website? Right? Like, you ever open a website on your and they hit you with the 20% off and you're like, I'm not ready. I don't even know if I want to purchase from you. Like, what's the exact right time to serve the 20% off? Or, like, when do I when's the exact best time to hit them? Like, do they browse at night? And I should send them an email at 12 o'clock at night, you know? Like, stuff like that. We're going to use AI to just analyze and optimize a bit better for us. Big one for me as a company, we get yelled at all the time from supply chain. You know, they don't have the inventory because we didn't tell them how much inventory exactly we would need. So it's just like making our forecast and demand planning better. You know, never fun for the sales and marketing guys, but very necessary. We're going to do a lot more just with, like, customer reviews and like, just customer sentiment, I would say, or voice of the customer on like, what do customers think about products? What do they think about marketing message? How can we, like, analyze that data at scale? And then, I'm not a big brand marketer, so what comes with that is you're just trying to optimize every marketing lever you have, and sometimes the message is a bit fragmented, right? Like, I don't want the message to be the same on email and paid if two different messages work better and we'll make more money, but I do want to have a little bit of brand that crosses over across all the channels. So we're gonna use AI a little bit for like, how do we govern that? How do we see what's working? How do we see what's not so? And that's

Speaker  942314:40
it, awesome. So the How much can you tell us about your sort of percentage sales breakdown, you know, by channel, in terms of Amazon, Tiktok, shop Shopify, and where the ad spend and where you're focusing ad spend on those channels,

Speaker  946944:00
yeah, for sure. So Amazon today, and the mix shifts quite a bit, but Amazon today, about 50% of revenue, still Shopify is probably about, I would say 14% Tiktok is almost equal to size at about 14% and then retail is about 20% last 2% is made up of some of the smaller stuff, international other marketplaces like Thrive marketer, iHerb, or walmart.com and that's the mix today. So Amazon's still the biggest channel by far. Retail has grown. Retail is growing fast. Tiktok shops is the fastest growing channel for us, you know, of all time. So pretty big mix there. I think that the ad spend question is a little bit tougher, right? Like, again, I'm heavy believer in meta Tiktok, or, like, the new TV, so I make every channel eat some of the spend on those channels. Generally, whatever percent of sales they are, their P and L has to take on that burden from the what would be considered sort of upper funnel marketing. So for meta, tick, tock, some of my programmatic app loving, all that stuff hits all the channels based on what percent of revenue there. I think that's an okay way to do it. It's not the most clean, like, it's not perfect attribution, but I think it's pretty fair, and it's driving velocities to all of those channels. So it works well. Then search. I mean, look, search is like its own portion, right? I think for Amazon, Google, Instacart, maybe for retail, you really just got to maximize how much you can spend there at whatever your ROAs target is, right? Like, I think that bottom funnel you really need to have secure. You need to stay away from branding terms as much as you can, unless you're really heavy on growing your brand. And you just need to be focused on, like, where can you gain share in the market? And you maximize that? Spend the rest of meta app loving and Tiktok probably,

Speaker  975242:40
yeah, my kind of follow up question on meta, which is, why do you allocate budget on a campaign level and not an ad level? And how do you decide what get group? What? What gets group where, I

Speaker  978720:00
think, for us, just more control over you know what one, you know, like, one campaign may include, like, a lot of different variations, but they're pretty closely associated, right? And we want the algorithm to have a little bit of flexibility to divvy it up, but we also want to have a little bit of control, right? So for us, I mean, everyone will have a little bit different path here, but for us as just like how we feel, it's like, the right mix of agility and control, right? Like, it's like right in the middle. And for us, that's just how we like it. But I think you could structure it a few different ways and still have success. That's just how we you know, you got to give your ad guys a little bit of flexibility, or they're a little touchy, so

Speaker  989482:40
cool. So question from Ryan, how important do you think a company's mission and branding are for a smaller business? At what stage do you believe it becomes crucial to start prioritizing them, and in the early stages, what should be the primary

Speaker  993232:00
focus? I mean, again, I'm a born and bred performance marketer, I would say sales cures all. So I don't think like company mission and branding is hugely important. I think you want to have something directionally, though, right, like you're you have the company, what, was the, what's the purpose of the company? Right? Like, you should have one core message, I would say. But like, I don't know. Let's just use an example. You know, if we want to talk about beauty from within, which, for us, is, like, our biggest category, if all your paid ads are crushing when you talk about gut health versus beauty from within, like, you shouldn't try to convert your entire paid ad strategy just to match, like, this one message the company has in the early days, you should try to let the customers decide, like, what could the brand be in the future? Right? It's like, what you want to be, what you are, and what the customers think you're going to be or are. And so I think, like, I would do what works, right? Like, I would live and die mostly on the data, less on the messaging, because I think messaging is something you can build later, right? Like a sprint. I didn't task My Head of Brand with until end of 2024. Was like, great. Can you figure out what are the core pillars that the brand stands for, right? And those are sort of like the platforms, categories that we believe in, right? So that's like, all life, stage, wellness, beauty from within, kids, vitamins, you know, women's wellness, right? And so, like, our task was, okay, great. You're Head of Brand. Head of Brand doesn't mean you usually decide what the brand is. You have to, you're like, a brand conduit, right? So you have to go to all the areas of the business. What does the retail team think brand is? What is the marketing team think brands? What does product development think brand is? And ultimately, pull out all that together. And like, here are the pillars that the brand stands for. And then you can allocate your dollars and allocate your development or your product development and all things like that, but I think in the early stage, it only matters about getting traction.

Speaker  1021306:40
Okay, so no question from Greg. I'll just slightly reword it. So let's say you were, let's say you were early on, and you just had the founder and maybe one full time, full time marketer, and they were just on Amazon. What would you recommend in terms of focusing on for creative, for building creative and building content?

Speaker  1026800:00
If Amazon's your only engine today, uh, I am most bullish on Tiktok shops. So if you had to do one thing just to generate content and get the engine started, I would say, you do tick tock shops. Tick tock shopping, very,

Speaker  1030437:20
yeah, just shop, probably volume.

Speaker  1031205:20
Play on tick tock shop, yeah. I mean, I think there's a lot of I can do it. Maybe another one of these calls on, just tick tock shops. But I think, like, it's very micro creator driven. It's easy to understand. You can automate some parts of it, but like to be successful there, you still got to get creative, right? There's like, where do you find the right creators to work with? And stuff like that. That I think is, like, an element A lot of people overlook, but I think today, nothing can build more brand awareness and velocity to your Amazon channel, even than two times shops. I'm still incredibly bullish on it. I think this is the time, and most of the people on the call know this. They grew up on Amazon, but like, this is still the moat building time, right? Like, we're still so successful on Amazon because we were so early there, and we built this incredible mode that's just like, hard to beat Now, same is true for us on Tiktok shop, and I think this is the time still for most of the guys on the call to build the mode on Tiktok shops. Is still early. It's more harder. It's harder than it was last year when we started, but it's still very early compared to who is or isn't on the platform today, right? Like none of the dinosaur guys are there, they're going to come soon, and it's going to be a lot tougher.

Speaker  1047221:20
So, so I guessing you're seeing good growth on Amazon in absolute terms, right? What sort of impact when you have a, when you have, you know, Tiktok video, or an ad that really an ad off Amazon, say, Instagram, or something that really pops off, what sort of impact you see on your Amazon sales? So do you think you're getting, like for every one sale Instagram or Tiktok, you're getting an extra sale on Amazon, or what sort of halo effect you see?

Speaker  1054170:40
I mean, it's a hard question, right? I think for us, a lot of things are up into the right. But you know, look this year on Amazon, we're going to a 40% year over year, I would say, sorry, maybe about 35% year over year. I would have, I expected, when I came into this year to grow by 18% I think most of that additional growth is because Tiktok shops grew a lot faster than I thought. I think it's hard to say, like per one video, because it's a very grindy, wide strategy, right? Like, a great example is I had, I think 4232 or something like that, videos posted last month on Tiktok shops. None of those videos are bajillion view videos, right? They're just all 1000s of views or hundreds of views and like, it's just a stack of all that creative and all those views that drove sales, I think, not just at Amazon, but for us that we have big retail distribution, so also at retail,

Speaker  1067706:40
yeah, okay, I'm getting a request for the Tiktok shop. So sorry, I can't do all the questions. Basically, some of you guys are asking questions that's covered elsewhere, particularly like calls and podcasts with David that has kind of covered hiring and like Mary Ruth's early days. So Christopher from Guido, can you talk about your Tiktok strategy? You still leveraging samples? How many you given out monthly? Are you using a bot still? Do you have goals and KPIs for monthly content? Are you focused on top products only and tips for creating, finding creates your level? Big Question. Guido,

Speaker  1076800:00
yeah, yeah. I mean Tiktok again. You know, anyone who needs you know, anything you know, feel free to reach I think I put my details on here, maybe, yeah, feel free to reach out to me. I'm happy to have, like, a separate call or help anybody out. But I think for tick tock specifically, uh, yeah, the strategy is still very micro, creator driven. You're going very wide, right? You're sending a lot of product samples. All that's still true, zero product focus, right? So one winning product, your best product, outside of Tiktok. Go hard on that. You know, you set up an outreach bot, you get as many creators as you can. I think the people that the place that people lose is like, everyone's using an outreach bot and has messaging like, what makes your messaging the best? And have you AB tested it and like, are you trying to make the messaging better every day? What's your offer to the creators? Are you doing some manual work to go hunt down creators that, like, you know, I think this is tough for most founders. It's nice that I'm just an operator, not a founder, but like, you can't just go and look at what Goldie's doing and be like, Okay, great. Goldie has this great Creator. I'm going to try to steal him. The chance that you steal Goldie's best creator that probably earned, you know, 300k in commission in the Lamborghini truck is, like, slim to none. Like, good luck, you know. But can you still go le, 787th creator, maybe, right? What's the offer? Can they know how to generate sales, a little bit like, what can work? I think you got to know what creators you deserve to work with and grow with, right? If you're a small up and coming brand, you should work with small up and coming creators, right? Like, I think that's even for us. We're a bit bigger brand, we still work with small up and coming creators, right? And so I think you just got to put a little bit of elbow grease in there, right? And it's still a very grindy strategy, but I think it's still hero product focus. Go wide on the creators. Still crushes. I think for samples, you got to scale it right? Just start with giving 10 samples out every day. As the sales roll in, start giving out 20 samples every day, right? There's no give out 1000 samples tomorrow. You get a lot of sales. So,

Speaker  1104512:00
so should we wrap there? Have you got time for

Speaker  1105056:00
one more? No, if you have one more.

Speaker  1105583:59
So do you do anything different nowadays for new launches? And what's your sort of platform strategy? If you've got, like, you know, a brand new product, how are you launching it now?

Speaker  1108944:00
Yeah, so I think we have a unique strategy that I'm not sure I would recommend to everyone. I everyone. I these days, it's hard for me to give an incentive on why you should shop on my DTC site, right? You want convenience. You buy my vitamins when you buy your groceries at the grocery store. You want shipping speed to get from Amazon. You want price to get from Tiktok. So we do give Shopify like a sort of an early release, and this is just mainly because my team wants more time from when the product hits the warehouse to like when they have marketing ready, right? They want to send samples to our photographer, and they want to do all these things. So in that period where we're getting like the you know, we launch on the product hit the warehouse on August 1, and we want to start marketing on September 1, that small window we give Shopify like an exclusive now, sort of incentive for consumers to buy there. And then, usually for us, the two big channels we're launching on our Amazon and Tiktok. We're just trying to go we're just trying to go hard there, and we're running all the normal playbook right, which is added as a complimentary product on our other bestsellers. Decided choose velocities early to get some early reviews, target keywords we think we deserve to win, or the products really good. We use Tiktok sort of as that external traffic driver, ideally, that drives the velocities. That will again, help with the reviews on Tiktok. We're just aggressive, right? You can use a service like Bullseye seller or others like generate some early reviews on Tiktok, that'll help a lot with the early velocities. And then there, it matters less about a product being new, right? It's all about the engine. So we just use, we're leveraging our existing Tiktok engine to drive a lot of sales for the new products, right? So giving out a bunch of samples to creators, we already work with stuff like that. And then DSP just launched a new program. I don't know how many people have heard about it, but they've like a new product launch service where you can spend a couple 100 grand with them, and they'll like juice the heck out of the product early on just came out, I think so I'm trying that on one of our new product launches. I will let everyone

Speaker  1136496:00
know how it goes. That's awesome. So you guys gonna see a feedback form coming on the chat soon. But Jay, can you tell us a little bit? What are you going to be talking about in Milan?

Speaker  1138896:00
I'm talking I answer some machines questions actually there, but, and I should message, but talking about a plus talent, right? How you hire a plus talent? How you keep them, how you develop them. You know, it's a little bit just like how you lead great players and get them to stay with you and grow so

Speaker  1143941:20
cool. Oh, did you just mention the name of product launch service?

Speaker  1145173:20
Yeah, Bullseye sellers has a good one that's, that's pretty good. I think it's like their silicon arm that actually does this product launch service. But they're pretty great. So, yeah, anyone needs anything, I put my email up, feel free to reach out anytime. I really appreciate it. Jamie,

Speaker  1148410:40
okay, cool. So guys, the MDS feedback form is just coming next week. We've got Dorian Gorski on again. We're going to be covering product development with AI, and then we've got a call from Yuka and another call from intellibi, then we'll take a then let's take a week off. But yeah, if you guys, if you guys want the this the second check me to get Jay back on, then let me know on the feedback form that'd be great. Should hopefully be coming up any second now. Thanks, Jay. There it is. Yeah, it's just come up. So just come up. So just give us, as always, a score out of 10, some feedback, and if you want me to get Jay back on, let me know on the form. Thanks, John, cool. Thanks, guys. Get that air table opened up. Really appreciate it. Thanks for all the great questions. Um, Thanks, Jay, very, very informative. Could you send me the slides? Jay and that email? Fred, all right, you might have gone, but All right, see you guys later. I hope you guys can make Dorian next week. Okay, cheers. Bye.
