3. FC Chats_ Black Friday Planning w_Google Expert Victor Velazquez
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
I worked with. So it was kind of hellish, but that's why support sucks on the Google side. Just imagine, each quarter, they're working with 100 plus brands, so they got to prioritize the ones that are really going to nail revenue home. And I was on the accelerated growth team, right? So you have accelerated growth. You have mid market, and then you have large client. Obviously, the higher you go, the smaller the book of business is, the better quality of service you get. You may get someone out of college who's never worked inside of a Google Ads account, but feel free to ask me questions if you want. You know after there's going to be enough time to rip into it. So I want to just jump straight into this. What I'm going to run through today with bfcm planning is going to be around holiday planning and QAs from the agency side, like what we expect from you, what you think, I mean, what, what we really want from you in order to make our partnership work through the moon. From there, I'll hop into some foundations. So primary foundation in Google, most people separate YouTube from Google. When I say Google, I'm talking about all products within Google. Primary foundations that need to be dialed in are going to be your search and shopping campaigns, especially for all of the E, Comm, D to C brands. So your shopping feed super important. We'll hop into that. From there, I'll top in, hop into some of the new betas and cool things that you should ask your Google reps about ASAP. And then I do have a few resources, a feed audit that our partner intermediary gave me a QR code that all of you are going to have access to. I recommend doing it just so you could see low hanging fruit, quick wins that you could either share with your partners yourself, if you're managing your program, but you're going to find quick wins, guaranteed. I do it for all of our accounts when they come in. And then outside of that, if none of you have heard of Mike Rhodes, this guy is an OG in the PPC space. He shares a ton of value, and he created a script to allow us to really understand the inner workings of p max campaigns, right? So I'm going to hop straight into holiday planning, and you're going to actually see behind the scenes. So these are some of the things that I have that I've gathered through. You know, my my time working at large agencies, refining them come into, you know, building white labeled into who we are today. So first and foremost, what I want to speak to is, do you have a plan in place, right? Primarily, you're going to want to look at your offer, right? Do we have an offer? Do we have a budget? So moving into September, this is exactly what I stress my team to get go through right? I want them to make sure each client has determined their budgets, has finalized the media plan, or at least started working on a media plan, set creative and ad copy deadlines. You need to ensure your partner does that, or your team managing Google's doing that already. If you're not on invoicing, move to invoicing because it's going to help avoid any payment issues, especially if you're going to be doubling budget or increasing budget substantially, make sure you request a billing threshold increase if you're going to stay off of invoicing, add a backup credit card. That is a huge thing. All agencies are going to push this your way, in terms of like, after that you're going to want to determine audiences and conversion actions, right? So, are there new audiences? Do you want to list build? Do you want to monitor new things because you may have activated, you know, YouTube or top of funnel efforts, or maybe you're monitoring a new audience from GA four. Right meta is going to have this integration where you're able to now monitor those audiences as well in GA four. So am I actively looking at all of this data? Do I have the right conversion action set up? And then a big one is a crisis plan. So communication during holiday is a nightmare on the agency side, I remember, I was at a Thanksgiving dinner, and I was getting this I was working on the Kendra Scott account. We had something go down, and instantly the VP of the agency I was working at reached out to me while I'm at dinner. I stood up, I had my computer, because I'm wild, and I fixed it right away. Right? It was something that they had done, or maybe I had made a mistake in the past, but you want to prepare and scheduling, having the right contacts in place. Is with your agency partners, or, you know, the Freelancers you're working with is going to help relieve a lot of stress. From there to me, this is what I think you guys will all get the most value from. So promo, AD, copy, creation, get that done ahead of time. Make your partners get them done ahead of time. Merchant Center promotions, if you want to run those Merchant Center promotions and promotions inside Google ads, they're both different. Merchant Center promotions are more strict. So you may run into an issue Google Ads promotions are less strict, and I'm going to explain that a little bit more. So in Google Merchant Center, what it'll do for a promotion is, let's say we have a promotion that starts tomorrow the 19th we schedule it, Google's not going to crawl until tomorrow. If you run this in Google Ads outside of merchant center, you're more likely to be able to have that promotion serve Google Merchant Center also doesn't run every promotion under you know the gambit of promotions. They're very specific in how you need to speak to a promotion, so you could potentially run into a flag and then not have your promotion active during a drive period, which could be a little risky, a big thing. A lot of people miss out on extension creation. You could schedule these, which is really cool. You could schedule promotion extensions, and you could schedule them to pause and run for a specific flighted period of time. A lot of people don't do this. I make sure we do this at my team at white labeled. One big thing, and hopefully you guys see a lot of value in this. A feed audit going into bfcm. Look at your titles, look at your descriptions, make sure there's no HTML text. A lot of times, I've done audits of feeds and the Shopify API connection has a lot of issues with it. You'll see white base html, duplicate text, improper type cases, things of that nature, and it'll become a big issue. You'll see like a 20% or higher lift just by optimizing your feed. So please try the feed audit. I do want to clarify. I'm not trying to sell you on this. You do not need to move forward with them, right? I do this just because sometimes there's hidden gold there that we could immediately act on ourselves in Google Merchant Center or even in a supplemental feed. Outside of that, inventory is naturally big, so if you've already planned, make sure you know you make sure you have the right inventory, because the worst thing you want to do is spend money, have inventory run out, and then now you have a campaign that's just sitting there that could have been cooking.

Speaker  132368:00
In particular, when clarifying holiday budgets. This is typically what we ask. Feel free to screenshot. This is something you'll have like agencies that you pay. One of the agencies I was working at, we were charging clients like 20,000 minimums, right? And these are some of the questions that we specifically would ask our clients leading up to holiday right? September is when we need all of this planned out. I know creative is typically a roadblock for most brands, because we're testing creative leading up. We're testing our offers leading up to big drive periods, but this is one thing that you're really gonna want to look at, right? And I told you I'm lifting the curtain you see at the bottom a how it says goal is to pitch incremental. That's what most agencies are looking to do, right? They want to get you to spend more, because then, if they're on a variable spend, they could potentially make more money, which we could talk about that later, but I don't like that in terms of rules in Google ads, this is typically how you would want to schedule them in Google ads. So I typically will have four rules created per promo, and this is just as a QA, right? So essentially, what we're going to do is pause maybe the Evergreen creative, which is, I mean text, so evergreen, just to clarify for everyone, that's going to be your standard marketing language that's in your search ads, right? So let's say, you know, I'll just use a client example, plunge, right? We're going to be speaking. To like their their general audience based off of whatever landing page I'm sending them to through a branded search. That's just an example. So plunge, enjoy. I mean, lower inflammation. We could have that as a headline, right? You're going to want to enable the ad at 12am which is a promo prior to disabling. And the reason being, this is going to allow us to ensure that there's no lapse in spend coverage. Because when you're spending one, 510, $1,000 a day on specific search ads, and let's say it shut off for an hour. That may have been a pretty big buying window for our customers. So the example that I brought up earlier for Kendra Scott, one of these rules didn't fire correctly, right, and the QA that I put in place for me, for my team, was around shooting me an email if a promo didn't run, and that's stuff that you could do in Google ads, and your agency team can also do in Google ads. I'm going to be sending this to all of you just in case you want to review it. Don't worry about if you want to take a screenshot, you can so I'm going to hop into the next phase. So Foundation, getting dialed in right conversion tracking is going to be one of the biggest things. Google is pushing enhanced conversions hard. A lot of my plus partners got affected, but we were able to, like mitigate the I think it was accessibility update right for the checkout. So enhanced conversions and Shopify was Shopify was seeing a lot of issues with their direct integration with Google ads because of the excess accessibility update. So make sure we're not double counting. You have one primary event and status is showing as active if not. Google has a really good troubleshooting method right here. When you hover over active in your Google Ads account, right this is what you're going to want to see. Another thing that I've seen often when I audit accounts multiple primary conversion events, I don't like that. It muddies the data you're going to want one goal per campaign. You could have multiple campaigns with a similar conversion event, which for most econ brands, it's going to be purchased if you have subscription, there's arguments to keep it as like a secondary conversion action, or to bring it in as a primary and have a specific campaign focused around subscription customers as the goal, right? So keep that in mind, one goal, one conversion action campaign. Earlier I mentioned omics is, can I get a show of hands or like an emoji or something around intermediaries. Does? Does anybody here use an intermediary, a third party tool outside of Google Merchant Center?

Speaker  211984:00
No emojis? Okay? No, we got a raised hand. Okay. Taylor moody,

Speaker  214485:20
all right. I meant to do an emoji, but I was like rushing to find mine. You're good man,

Speaker  216245:20
so high level. This is the person that would do the feed audit at white labeled. We use intermediaries at the previous agencies I worked at. We use more expensive intermediaries. There's less expensive ones. There's a bunch out there. What is an intermediary? Essentially, what they do is they grab products from Shopify. They sit in your store as an app. Everything goes into their platform. You're able to manipulate the data however you see fit. Typically, the way it starts is they'll do an audit of your feed, and then if you choose to go forward with them, they will optimize your titles, your descriptions, everything. And I've had this as a best practice for all of our accounts. Just makes my life easy. But we also see results for a lot of our partners, or I just make the title updates myself if the SKU count is low. So it varies the size of the SKU count, but you're going to be able to syndicate, which is push out all of these products from feedonomics all the way into Google, Microsoft, Instagram, meta, Amazon and a ton of marketplaces. We primarily use it for Google ads, being meta, Instagram and Tiktok. So one thing that I want to speak to outside of this search and shopping, you don't. Enough people being original, you don't you see people looking at conquesting campaigns or like their competitor. You don't see people being too cheeky, like we don't see that anymore. Back in the day, when I was running true classic, one of the big thing that I would do is try to drown out our competitors through conquesting campaigns, because we're crushing. We're a big player in the space, and I knew that I just wanted to push, push, push over here on specific competitors, because we started having a lot more traction with our customers, because our landing page experience, the context behind the search itself, everything proved to be better. Our checkout experience was better. So focus on your end customer, your site, the experience, and just make sure the journey from what they're searching is going to be hyper relevant, because it's super helpful. So within search, being cheeky is okay. Make sure you do not use trademark terms, or at least try not to, you will get a cease and desist. It does happen. I've sent them out, I've received them. I've had to pull back ads. Doesn't really hurt you, I mean, but you will probably make some money there. There's some opportunities at times. The way you find out whether or not you need to do conquesting or it's going to make sense for your brand is potentially running a low funded brand campaign. So I know a lot of you might think brand isn't it doesn't drive incremental revenue dependent on the brand and how adjacent the brand term is to the auction you want to serve in. It could make a lot of sense to hold more impression share right to hold more share in those auctions. So what you'll do is look at these keywords, and you'll determine whether or not on your brand search competitors are actively bidding on you. So if you see Amazon, if you see chewy, if you see retailers, if you see direct competitors in your marketplace, bidding on, on your terms, you should be in those auctions. Outside of that, what I've seen a lot of in my audits on Google in particular, is over segmenting too early. P max does a really good job if you're feeding it the right data in serving to the right auctions. Now, it really depends on the inputs, so the search terms, if you're doing it feed only if you're giving it image assets, if you're giving it video assets, but it does a really good job in serving in the right auctions, as long as you're using the right Bid Strategy most of the time, I'd recommend kicking off with conversion value From there you're going to want to move

Speaker  288666:40
into can if you don't mind, can, can you speak up and ask that question? He's talking to me. Bro, yes,

Speaker  291328:00
yeah, you just mentioned if p max, p max does really well if you feed it the right data, and I just meant, what do you mean? Feed it the right data, I don't know what that means.

Speaker  293584:00
So if you're giving it the right keywords, if you're giving it the right feed data, so titles, district descriptions, from the structured data in your product feed. So fee Max is p max is good for product based campaigns if you're giving it the data. So that's kind of why I'm like, leaning into like, get your titles, your descriptions optimized, because once you pump that into your p max campaigns, you'll see a better a better return.

Speaker  302202:40
In that case, are you referring to the data as creative?

Speaker  303178:40
So creative could be a data point, because the context of the creative is what's going to allow it to serve in specific auctions,

Speaker  307216:00
outside of the audiences that you select. Great outside of that. That's it for this slide I've already spoke to in platform and GMC. So I have a few cool things that I want to speak to, and then I will open this up to questions, and I want to leave the rest of time for you and everybody in this room. So he Max is not really a black box. Google's starting to listen to the agencies and the brands that are screaming and saying, Hey, man, this I don't understand what's going in, going on in this campaign. How can I better control the campaign itself? A lot of us are using non branded search a lot. Of us are using branded search campaigns. A lot of us are using exclusions. A lot of us are not giving it feed. We're giving it video, we're not giving it video, we're giving it image assets. We're not getting it image assets. So based off of the assets you give p max, it'll serve in a bunch of inventory. So how do you measure that? Right? Google has the insights tab. Now, outside of that, Mike Rhodes created a pretty sweet script, and the script itself, I think he charges around, like $100 for it. I didn't put a sample account in here, but this is an example of the data table that you could get from this, and it will show you cost by Channel, Channel split by campaign, and channel means inventory, so search, shopping, display, video. So now you'll be able to act actually see under the hood, where am I actively spending? Where am I seeing the best conversion value over cost which, like we call return on ad spend, right? Which one has the lowest CPA? Because then now, you know, let me shut off this asset group and let me double down on this one that's actually performing a lot better. Google doesn't directly give us those insights. And then from there, we could start to test and iterate on. Okay, let's make more creative like this one, because this campaign is showing good signals. So it's all about the signals that you're receiving inside and outside of Google to determine how to make the most out of your p max campaigns. And to me, I believe Google's moving all going all in on p max. So

Speaker  348122:40
outside of that with p max, sometimes we'll want to, like, especially leading up to the FCM, we're going to want to test standard shopping versus p max. If you're not already, a lot of people lean on feed only campaigns in p max, standard shopping 100% guarantees that you're in shopping auctions on the Google server, right? So I would say, test it if you can. It'll ensure that you have coverage. Or review the p max script and see if you are holding 75% 85% of your cost going into shopping placements, because moving into bfcm Shopping placements are really profitable. I've seen that across all of our accounts, and we test both standard and p max in almost all of our accounts that are active right now. So one cool thing I know a lot of us like to spend money in meta. A lot of our splits are 7030, 6040, some brands, we are getting closer to 5051, big thing that YouTube's pushing hard on because of the tiktoks the meta are affiliate partnership ads. So partnership ads is a new beta that's open, and you're able to go in if you ask your Google rep, and essentially you can whitelist creators. So it's super cool. You could link, you could link to the creators inside of your Google Ads account. Build out a video action campaign inside of your Google's ads account, determine what budget you want to push and maybe mock the top three creator ads, your white listing on YouTube, if white listing is a part, I mean, mark the ones on meta, if white listing is a part of your meta strategy for acquiring new customers. So it's a really cool feature that's new, I'm open to ask answering questions on it. Another cool thing that YouTube has, that I'm starting to see more and more brands adopt, is brand connect. So brand connect gives you the ability to source creators and manage deals. YouTube shopping affiliate gives creators the ability ability to be affiliates, and it's been there, but not many people are utilizing it the way they they should, right? So being able to get all of this visibility for your brand is super valuable, and YouTube is the second largest search engine, so this is only going to help your organic brand listing in search engines in the future. So with that, I have this here in the deck. It's a QR code you could use for the feed. And then I have a link to the script for everyone here, in case you want to get it added to your account. These are super helpful resources that I think everybody's gonna like, get a lot of value from I want to open up to questions now.

Speaker  396714:40
Alright, guys, yeah, raise your hands if you got a question. We'll get you. Get you

Speaker  398010:40
set up here. Victor, I have a question. Go for it. Taylor, yeah. Right? Yeah, it's always been hard when we have increased spend on Google. It's really hard to know if it's incremental, especially if that spend is going into a p max campaign. So are you saying this script would help you identify to see if you know if that spend is actually going to acquire a new customer, or if it's getting lumped into just our existing customer? Cool,

Speaker  407749:20
good question. So p max has a toggle where you could do new customer acquisition, right? One other toggle a lot of people don't use is brand exclusions. So you could exclude your brand, or you could even target competitor brand specifically at the p max, like campaign setting level, in order to measure incrementality. It's that's, that's like every, every person on my end hates hopping into that because we typically need a triangulate from GA four strip, a whale North beam, and then in platform right which one's actually driving revenue at a sustainable cost to acquire a customer. Right to get back to the p max campaign. Though, within p max, this script is going to allow you to start seeing which specific channel. So channel being search, which is going to be text ads, video, which is going to be on YouTube, even demand gen placements, you'll see shopping which is going to be those top cards in the shopping experience on Google search, you'll see which ones have lower CPCs, lower CPAs and higher revenue. So my team typically utilizes this script to say, hey, Victor, shopping is crushing it. For some reason, p max doesn't want to spend more over here. And then that tells me, let's activate a standard shopping campaign so we could ensure coverage of our products. Because the CPCs are low, the cost to acquire our customers low, and we want to make sure we have that coverage for our products. Did that answer your question? 100% Yeah.

Speaker  434720:00
So what's the script we need to add this to our Google account?

Speaker  435568:00
Yeah, you just add it. There's he does a fantastic he put a loom video together with the script itself. Like, I mean, if everyone's familiar with loom like you'll figure it out. It's so easy.

Speaker  438277:20
Thank you. Appreciate it. Yeah,

Speaker  439221:20
wisdom, go for it.

Speaker  440485:20
Question. So a while ago, we started running pMOS company. We tested it out. I figured out the mic, Father script, and I implemented the free fashion into our PMAs campaign, I noticed that it was spent a lot of shopping, right? But it wasn't, wasn't going on the rest. But although we were able to convert a few, but over time, it wasn't really profitable, so we showed it that. But my question is, since we're in the in the script, I was learning that we were getting more sales from the shopping campaign, do you think it was wise that we just shut up the p max and just moved quite straight to shopping campaign fully, instead of running because we noticed that YouTube wasn't doing any when getting good sales and YouTube or conversions was just a shopping campaign. You think a standard shopping campaign would have been better than p max in that situation? So

Speaker  453232:00
were you running? So p max operates based off of the inputs you give it, right? And then it's just complete machine learning like I'm gonna serve in this inventory. Because you gave me all these data points to use, you even told me who to shoot for. Did you only give it feed, no text ads, no image ads, no video ads. Just feed,

Speaker  458938:40
no, we gave it everything we had, video, text, image, feed, everything, just to course, we just go and broad to explore and see what would have. Why the conversion come from. But when shopping was paying more conversion in that situation, I feel like, do you think it was a wiser first, you just shut up the p max and go straight into a shopping campaign

Speaker  464400:00
only. So there's two options you could have done right, and I don't think what you did was a bad decision, as long as it's profitable right now. But one other option you could have done is built out another P max campaign and removed all of the other inputs only kept your feed right, and then right there you'll see if p max is able to acquire those customers profitably, more profitable because it has the levers within it to do. So we have, you know, some some p max campaigns that are feed only, but they started with four asset groups. So we had one with search terms, we had one with search terms plus images. We had one that was like search term plus images, videos, and then we had a feed only, right? And then maybe even we wanted to test everything right. But it honestly depends at the spend level as well, like how many inputs you want to give it, because think about it, you're telling Google, hey, spend $1,000 a day across. Costs all of these pieces of inventory, and it's going to try to decide where to spend most profitably, it might not be getting enough data for you, and you may have made a decision based off of a lack of data, so sometimes you want to control the inputs. If that makes sense,

Speaker  485632:00
yeah. That makes sense, yeah.

Speaker  487365:20
All right, who's next?

Speaker  489381:20
I have a question. Yep, Daniel,

Speaker  490117:20
you ever had any experience someone approached us talking about, like an artificial intelligence layer that basically takes over your ad account and does, like, I don't say keyword bidding, but they do what they call really granular buys all over the world and really granular ways, and kind of automate it with AI. And I'll be honest, I'm like, a 10 year experienced media buyer, but I've been so out of it. I'm like, half of this, I'm picking up in half of this. I'm like, whoa shit. I don't know anything anymore. So are you, like, advising founders these days to, like, pull up their socks and learn Google, or are you advising founders these days to, like, outsource to a machine who do it better and focus on creative.

Speaker  502645:20
So I would say, focus on creative. But the biggest thing is a lot of these AI tools aren't where they need to be. Think about how long Google's been in the AI game, Microsoft's been in the AI game. How is someone with a startup going to build a tool that could bid faster than the product. That's nature is to do bids in milliseconds. To me, that's it's capitalism. People are just trying to make money, and they have a really good offer and position, and they're like, hey, try this. We're going to save you time, less stress, less gray hairs. I believe if you have the right partner, you're going to be able to unlock a lot within Google. And you don't, you could rely on Google's AI. You don't need to rely on those tools. Now, there are some cool tools coming out. Like, if you follow a lot of the agencies that are very talkative and they partner with specific brands, there's this agency called CTC, and they preach to the high heaven about this brand incrementality, competitor testing tool called add AI, right? So it's a pretty cool tool, because essentially what they do is try to reclaim revenue for you and make sure your branded spend is incremental. If it's not incremental and organic is going to pick it up. The AI will shut off and not even serve in those auctions. So that's an instance where I think that would be really a cool tool to use in the AI space. But I mean, you got access to the founders like club, right? So ask validate through this network and see which tools agencies use, because the stuff that we use, there's a reason,

Speaker  531520:00
yeah, that's cool. And the company we're looking at is called quartile. They just did, yeah, they just did this presentation, and it looked like they were working with brands that made us look small. And I was kind of like, okay, if they're doing it, then maybe we you know sort of thing. But anyway, yeah, cool, thanks, man.

Speaker  536917:20
Hey Victor, thanks for this. A quick question for you. So I've been, over the last couple years, I've been doing a lot of buying on sort of the meta side and on the Google side. For my business, I haven't really dipped my toe into YouTube ads too much in particular. Could you just kind of quickly just go into the effectiveness of YouTube ads themselves, unrelated to sort of the general Google search but how would you sort of compare the effectiveness of a YouTube based ad compared to really a meta ad.

Speaker  545248:00
So think about the nature of the platforms. YouTube is more intent, just like Google. YouTube functions as a search engine just like Google. So depending on the place placements that you're serving on an example of a placement would be shorts or the homepage, or even an ad that's in stream while you're watching and it's just interrupting you, you're gonna have like different user intent. So like Tiktok meta, people are just scrolling. They're not actively trying to buy or learn about something. So on YouTube, for example, what we've been seeing works really well as creators actually talking doing reviews of products and then pushing it right. And now that new feature that I showed you, the ads partner feature that gives you the ability to essentially whitelist these creators who are giving social proof talking about your products and the benefits behind. Them. I see YouTube as a bigger play. CPCs are also significantly cheaper than non brand. I've seen $2 CPCs, $1.41 CPCs for really high AOV products. So it's fantastic. I keep YouTube simple too. No need to over complicate you know your targeting and get too granular. Just see what's working. Dip your toes into it, and then refine as you go. But it's creative lead. Just like meta Tim, you need the 16 by nine. You need the nine by 16.

Speaker  570549:20
Got it so and when you're talking about on the Creator side, are you saying more them giving an advertisement or review in their YouTube video themselves? Or are you saying more on the sort of the the way you have to, like, skip an ad when a YouTube video is playing, are you talking about more the actual branded video that pops up when you're about to watch a video? Yeah, you can do a little bit of both. So a good one that's been harassing me lately is transparent labs.

Speaker  578288:00
I'm not in the market for supplements, but if I was guess what, I'm probably going to buy their product, because they've been harassing me on YouTube when I'm looking at, you know, workouts or things. They're running retargeting. They're keeping it simple site visitor retargeting. They're running video view retargeting, and they're also running like prospecting, but they're not clean with their exclusions, and that's the big issue. A ton of brands make like you have overlapping audiences. You're wasting money. Ensure you are not overlapping audiences going to the Creator. It's a layer of social proof. It's real. Creators don't really feel like influencers that you get on below. You know what I mean? Creators actually know how to put content together. They've done it for other brands. They might cost a little bit more, but it's going to be content that you could cut up and use, potentially, depending on how you license the deal.

Speaker  593280:00
Got it. Thanks. A ton, yeah.

Speaker  594464:00
Jennifer,

Speaker  594928:00
hey, Victor, thank you so much. This is awesome, and I'm I'm drinking from a fire hose right now, taking it all in. I just fired my agency, so I think, like a lot of us here, we've had middling results with people outside our businesses, but I'm hopeful ever so in terms of Google reps, how useful are they? And how do we get one? And how much do you need to be spending to talk to Google directly?

Speaker  601605:20
So there's levels I manage, half a million, a million, like 2 million a month budgets, right? And like, the level of rep that you get astounds me. Sometimes you'll have one that's supporting a half a million dollar account that is good for one account, but sucks for the other because they just came out of marketing school. They have no hands on platform experience. Then you have another that grew internally, and they actually understand the resources. The biggest thing I could tell you, do you currently have

Speaker  609472:00
a Google we because we've always used agencies, so I'm brand new and looking at working on the platform.

Speaker  611072:00
Gotcha feel free to reach out to me with, like, a spend level, because I know that's a little intimate, but like, typically, we'll see accelerated growth touch on your account once a quarter, and they'll reach out to people, and they proactively do it based off of brands that look like they're moving from 20 to 90k within a 30 day window or within a 90 day window. Okay, they're looking for those jumps, and if Google sees those signals, Google basically throws it in the queue, like, hey, this brand has seen some revenue spikes. It could probably scale. Got it?

Speaker  620938:40
Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you.

Speaker  623018:40
All right, Kat, go for it.

Speaker  624538:40
Hi. Victor, I just wanted to ask super quickly, when you're talking about YouTube, did you mean like having influencers beyond shorts, or having them be on long form videos, or both?

Speaker  627792:00
You could have a mix of both. So for one of our programs, we're actively running, like retargeting campaigns using social proof like heavy, because it's a higher AOD product, right? And a lot of our content is nine by 16, and it's UGC user generated by creators, right? So we are actively pushing that stuff out on shorts. Now the 16 by nine, what we would want to be more long form. We see that work pretty well, honestly, in prospecting, in some cases. So it's it's a matter of just making sure your hooks are solid, because people are. Google's a little bit more strict than meta on view metrics and on how they measure like engagement, right? So you need to ensure like you're bringing the brand to the front, one brand that does a fantastic job. And I know not many of us have the ability to get creative like this liquid death like their creative is absolutely silly, yeah? So if you look at their hooks and how they kick it off, and then even how they close out, their whole goal is to leave an impression, there's no better prospecting ad than an ad that leaves an impression.

Speaker  650117:20
Yeah, for sure. Love it. Thank you so much.

Speaker  651237:20
Cool. No. Cool, who's next?

Speaker  652586:40
Questions?

Speaker  653690:40
So Victor on, like a lot of our people are DIY ers with some of this stuff. How much of this stuff can they do themselves versus, you know, when do they need to start arming it out.

Speaker  656560:00
Oh, my God, get dangerous. Like, I strongly recommend any any store owner like, be dangerous in your platform before you hire an agency, because it will save you so many headaches. The hardest thing that's going to happen, though, is you need to understand when you're ready to start delegating. And typically, like delegation is going to happen at a certain point of scale within your business when you need to spend more time on, you know, maybe inventory planning or customer experience, things like that. So I would say, focus, understand as much as you can of the Google ecosystem. LinkedIn is a I know LinkedIn is a crapshoot for a bunch of these people trying to sell you, but the resources and the networking available on that platform are kind of invaluable. Same thing with Instagram, curate, curate your damn feed. I would say that curate your feeds to fit your your business life, because you're running a business the same way that I am. All of my feeds are optimized to help me, and they're also optimized to kick me off,

Speaker  676880:00
for sure. All right. Anybody else got any questions?

Speaker  677733:20
So Jennifer just said, Sorry, Taylor. Jennifer just said, Is there a place where we could look at best in class campaigns from companies outside of ads we are personally served? So there is a tool in Google called ads Transparency Center. And you could type in here, I'm going to drop it in the chat. So ad Transparency Center is the same thing as Facebook ads Library. It gives you the ability to look at text ad. It gives you the ability to look at text ads, video ads, image ads. So it's going to be pretty helpful. Same way you look at Facebook ads library, and you see the volume of ads that your competitors are using, or people that you aspire to like become are using. You could do this in Facebook ads library. Yeah.

Speaker  694293:20
Cool either? Yeah, Victor, let's talk about money split between, you know, meta and Google. What's a good rule of thumb? Because I've seen it all across the board. Oh, me too.

Speaker  697941:19
Yeah, yeah. So like I said earlier, right? I've seen brands at 7030 I've seen brands that literally don't even like Google. But the thing is, Google is such an intent based platform, like you even feel the effects of pulling back on meta in Google when you're at a higher level. So brands that are spending over 100,000 that are spending over 100,000 a month, like 300,000 half a million a month, typically, I'll actually see them a lot closer. And then there's some brands like, I've recently audited a few that they literally were 9010 and I'm talking this brand spending 400,000 on meta, 10,000 a month on Google. You know, like the amount of opportunity, like, even the founder reached out and told me, Hey, man, I know we could six to 8x this in a month. And I'm like, yeah, you definitely can. The thing is, it all comes down to foundation of search, foundation of shopping and your product feed.

Speaker  714773:20
Yeah, yeah. So in terms of Google, though, how much

Speaker  716682:40
do you put in key Max and YouTube? And is YouTube a good should we be spending money there before we go like TV ads? Yes, okay,

Speaker  719850:40
yeah. I would say, testing YouTube before you even go TV, yeah, because it's going to be a little bit more painful. I mean, there's partners like mountain that makes it really damn easy. Like, if you're going to spend 15,000 a month, they'll even give you access to repurpose any of your B roll or footage that you have available, and they'll help you create something TV ready, right as an offer, but YouTube's going to help you validate really quickly, like what people want, what they engage with, what they like, and then from there, you can push out like that, 16 by nine. That makes

Speaker  728805:20
the most sense. And how much could we spend on, you know, say we spend $100,000 on Google. How much go to YouTube? Is there a good split? Is it

Speaker  732298:40
so typically, I like starting, if you look at like CPA, so video action campaigns, I don't like awareness campaigns on YouTube. I yeah, I'm tied into conversion and revenue. All I care about is money, and all of you should only care about money. Brand campaigns, what is that? Right? I did that back in the day. I always thought it was a massive waste of money. Video action campaigns on YouTube are really good at optimizing for conversion. You just got to make sure you're looking at your view through Conversion windows, and you have an enhanced conversions because it's going to stitch it a lot better. One thing you could do to monitor those campaigns without paying for like a heavy lift study, is going to be adding observing audiences in your brand campaign. So that's a little in the weeds for everyone. I'm sorry, just trying to answer Taylor's question in terms of budget split, I would start at 250 a day, if you can, if you can, and then from there you'll scale it up. And I like doing prospecting and retargeting, keeping it really damn simple, yeah. And then just Google has, if you have a rep, ask them for your Audience Insights report, if you haven't already connect Klaviyo to Google ads and make sure you are importing customer data into Google ads, because you could observe those audiences. You could target those audiences with YouTube, right and with other campaigns. And if you ask for the Insights report, they'll do it on your most recent cohort. And it'll also tell you, like in market affinity audiences that are going to be helpful to potentially target so you could get off the ground running.

Speaker  762517:20
Very helpful. Thank you. Yeah.

Speaker  763866:40
All right. Any last questions?

Speaker  765114:40
Okay, I got a stupid I got one. Um, I just have been flirtatiously on the line of testing mountain for six months, and it's the thing that's been on my shoulder that I haven't done for a long time. If I were to, like, put in my bet budget, where do you see statistical significance coming in? Like, where? What would you think I would need to say, like, 1020, 50,000 $100,000, bet to determine whether it's good or not on

Speaker  771872:00
mountain, yeah. I mean, just start with 15k. I want to go 50 100 I mean, it depends, like where you're at right now, with your current em er, and like your marketing efficiency, and then how much you could really put into a testing budget. Typically, I allocate 10 to 20% for testing. That's what mountain is going to be initially.

Speaker  778021:20
And are you seeing mountain as, like, a broader sort of, like brand distribution play to, like, support other campaigns. Are you seeing it as, like, a revenue driver for like, a channel?

Speaker  781066:40
I'm seeing it support other campaigns. Depending on the AOV of your product you need, you should probably be there because it's going to help close those touch points. Because a lot of, a lot of some of the brands that I work with, like, there's 30, there's 60 touch points before, like someone closes and our goal is to close down that window as much as we can, right with the entire ecosystem.

Speaker  786832:00
So mountain or Tatari, you're thinking, are they kind of same thing, different thing, or

Speaker  788560:00
they're very similar. Mountain has way lower minimums. Yeah. I know a few brands that have used Atari,

Speaker  791717:20
and they saw the halo effect,

Speaker  792069:20
they did, but they may not be using Tatari anymore, right?

Speaker  794965:20
Last question, anybody? No, any parting words. Victor for us,

Speaker  797130:40
feel free to shoot over if you're interviewing, vetting any agencies, shoot over questions. Connect with me on LinkedIn. I'm a very open book. I've always been that way. I'm. I'm I'm not here trying to sell anyone like Chris mentioned in the beginning. I'm just here to help everyone out. At the end of the day, there's enough, like fish out there, and all of us can eat, right? So reach out. This is a really cool community everyone's in. I had such a great time at that dinner meeting all of those brand founders, and I love clay. What you and you know Chris are doing here? Great question. There's no such thing as a stupid question. Ask them all. I'm still dumb and I'm still figuring it out.

Speaker  808421:20
Amazing. Well, appreciate you, buddy. This is this has been awesome. Hey, I don't even do a lot of this stuff, and I learned a lot. So hey, there we go. All right, thanks guys, thanks everybody for for joining up and yeah, Victor, thank you again. We'll we'll talk soon.

Speaker  813162:40
Yeah, thank you.

Speaker  814074:40
Thanks everyone. Bye.
