13. FC Chats_ From Startup to $100MM Exit with [solidcore] Founder Anne Mahlum
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
I'm sure some of you already know, because we blasted it out. But today we have my really good friend, and who's more than a friend, she's a mentor. She's someone that I know Chris mentioned in his post, if you saw but I personally also look up to she founded, started solid core i don't really, I mean, and you'll explain a little more, but I don't have to explain too much. I mean, you see it absolutely everywhere. I'm actually personally scared to do a solid core class because Antonio kicked my ass one time, and I was like, Alright, I'm staying away. But she sold it. Was it

Speaker  10501:20
last year, officially? Yeah, almost a year ago, actually, almost a year ago,

Speaker  11722:40
right? I remember like that process, and we met at one of our very first New York founders dinner. So she's been connected to the founders club one way or another. Really, I'm a personal fan. I think we all so lucky to have her here for an hour to pick her brain, to Q and A to talk all things business, entrepreneurship, scaling, exiting a business. How do you build to I saw today on the internet, 40 under 40 from like, was it New York? Like, you won incredible amount of awards. And I'm just excited to have you here so and thank you so much.

Speaker  20432:00
Thanks. Yeah, it's nice to be here. I'm not actually going to talk the whole time. I'm at you guys, I'm going to pause a lot and give you a quick little intro. I'm guessing, if you're here, you know a little bit about my story, and you guys are probably building your own companies. Have questions, and this hour is about you. You can ask me anything. I always tell people, just because you get an answer you don't like doesn't mean you didn't get an answer. So I'm not here to appease anybody. I'm here to give my opinion on how I did things and try to be helpful to some of you who maybe are trying to achieve the same thing. So little bit, a little bit of background. Grew up in North Dakota, pretty, pretty humble beginnings, two parents that were together all the way through high school. Then my parents separated my my dad had an addiction issue that had been going on in the background for years that we didn't know about, and unfortunately, when it surfaced my my mom had been through addiction issues with my father before I was five years old, so I never saw any of the drugs or the alcohol, but she just knew she couldn't go through another addiction battle, especially as to do with gambling and money. So my parents separated. You know, it's interesting. I think a lot of people have divorced parents. If stats show us anything, 40 to 50% of people on this call have divorced parents. You know, it really impacted me in so many ways that I wasn't even aware of at the time, but it really was a big part of my drive in my entrepreneurship journey, I didn't want money to be an issue for me, my relationships, my family, ever again, like I just didn't want that to ever cause hurt and pain. And that was a big part of my drive when when I was younger and I went to college, went to grad school, found myself in Philly, completely lost, very driven, but no place to put my drive. I'm sure many of you felt that way before starting your own companies that like you know you're supposed to do something big, but just couldn't figure it out. I was running by a homeless shelter. I had been a runner my since I've been 16 years old and running by a homeless shelter, and got to know a group of the guys outside the shelter, and I had this light bulb moment of I can't believe I haven't started a running club for these guys yet. I had just taken a big job at Comcast, my first big corporate job, and I asked them for a few weeks to get this running club going so I could get more people involved so it would still operate when I was traveling for work in those few weeks, I had found what I thought I was supposed to do for the rest of my life, my personal life started to make sense. Addiction issues finally had some purpose in my life that I could help people struggling the same way that he was and I was like, I can build this thing. I know I can start with running, use running as a sport to change identity from these guys looking at themselves as as homeless, into seeing themselves as athlete, disciplined, teammates, focused, reliable, type a goal setters. I mean, we ran three days a week at 530 in the morning, and that takes a lot of discipline and focus and commitment to do that. That was the first time everybody thought I was absolutely nuts, because I was 100% committed to building and growing this thing. Obviously, in hindsight, I realized I was asking all the wrong people. But when you're 26 years old, you don't have a big network. At least I didn't. I was asking all my friends from North Dakota, you know, I think I want to go all in on this thing. And nobody understood it. Nobody could see what I saw. So I, for the first time, asked myself, you know, both, what's the worst thing that happened, and secondly, what's the best thing that can happen? And the worst thing was, the freaking thing doesn't work out, and I go back to finding a job, and, you know, figure something else out. I figured that was like the worst case scenario, but the best case scenario was, I'm right. I can help these individuals change their identity. And then, you know, I. Hopefully change their lives through job and employment. So I surrounded myself with people way smarter than I am, and we started building and growing. And I built that thing nationally for six years to a six and a half million dollar annual budget in 14 cities, helping 1000s of people who were living in homeless shelters move out of homeless shelters, gain employment and more independent housing. And then some of you actually might be in this position now, but this whole, hey, it's time to do something else, voice popped into my head, and I was pretty pissed about it. Here I am super lucky. My life makes sense. I have purpose. I'm doing something I love, and now I'm feeling like I'm supposed to go do something else. And that was really difficult. I did everything I could possibly think of to shut out that voice and that noise, and I just it just didn't go away. And that's when I realized that back on my feet was going to be a chapter in my life, and there were going to be many more chapters down the road. So I decided to open my eyes and see what could be next for me. And that's when I took a Pilates class in in LA and I didn't know you could work out like that. I thought you had to jump, pound, run, cycle, something that was beating up your body in some fashion. I didn't understand that this could be effective. And I started taking classes in New York, and I'm like, holy shit. Like, nobody knows about this. Nobody knows you can work out like this. There isn't a cool brand around it. I love to build and scale. I love fitness like this is my next thing. So I fought through all of the fear and the doubts and the gosh, am I going to be a one hit wonder? Am I capable? Who am I to think I can do this twice? I've never ran a for profit before. All of the doubts started to like, you know, live in my head for a while. You I mean, I can talk more about that if you guys are having limiting belief issues, but talk but talked myself through it. Opened my first studio with the money I'd saved over the last six years, and very much believe in the power of momentum. And from day one, we were busy, and people felt what I felt, fortunately, which was, where has this been all my life? And I reinvested every dollar I had into studio two, studio three, studio four, studio five. I was very aware that it's not just about being first. It's about being fast and keeping the quality. And if I didn't do this, somebody else was going to come along and out compete me, outpace me. So much more to the story again, whether it's through lawsuits, through private equity raises, through covid, through laying off all of my staff, to rehiring them, to laying them off again, to take down articles. I mean, you guys, name it. I feel like I've been through it. And then, of course, last year finally had an exit sooner than I thought. I thought we would sell, frankly, this year, but the company just had done such a great job of rebounding, that there was an incredible opportunity that came my way. And because I had planned for this my whole time being there, specifically the last couple of years, I was ready and I got to call the shots, and it was like a really joyous end to that chapter of my life that allowed me to have a pretty successful and yeah, just like I said, really joyous and happy exit with grace and with celebration, with all of my team.

Speaker  130272:00
Wow, that's unbelievable. I think one thing you really touched on that a lot of people here will resonate with is, you know, you spoke about opening the first one, taking all your money, opening up the next one, continually reinvesting. But I even have a hard time understanding, how do you go? There's over 100 locations now. Were you always planning for that scale? Like, was it from day one? Okay, this is good, but I need 100 and this is where we're going to go, and this is how we're going to do it. Or was it like, Oh, I'll have another one and I'll have another one. And what did it come like? Was it a surprise

Speaker  138661:20
to you? No, would you, would you believe me if I said no, you know, and I get that question a lot, actually, like, did you ever think? And I, Erin, this is no offense, but I sort of pause, and I'm like, Yeah, who do you think was driving the bus the whole time? Of course, like I thought it. I visioned it. I knew I could do it. And I, you know, from, from as early as I can remember, have always used the word empire. I knew it was something special. I knew it was going to help a lot of people, and I knew how to scale from back of my feet. And I frankly, thought this scalability is a little bit easier, because I'm not asking people for money out of charity. I'm asking people for, you know, to pay for a classroom experience that they're going to get out of so, you know, yes, honestly, like, once I got to one and once I got to 10 or so, I was part of the license agreement. If anybody is aware of the Legree method, that's how I started. I was licensing a territory, and I bought machines from this guy named Legree, and I realized one I didn't want to be in business with this person. Two, the fees I'm paying make no sense. I'm not getting anything in return. This guy just has a monopoly on the market. And three, my machines were breaking, and I wasn't able to open studios fast enough. And I also had to, like, cut, shut studios, back down when I would open because few. Machines would break, and I couldn't get them, and I'm like, I am never going to accomplish this vision in the empire if I don't make my own machines. How the hell do I do that? And I had to separate from this guy that had a reputation of being reminding you that he was the 800 pound gorilla in the room. So I knew I was going to have a fight here. And I secretly started making my my own machines, and I started documenting all of the ways in which the contract was being breached. And once I was ready and had my machines as as good as I need, felt I needed them for the next opening, I sent a letter and said, You're breaching your contract. I don't want to be in business with you. I knew he was going to sue me, which, frankly, my insurance covered, so it worked out really well. So he sued me. I counter sued him for all intents and purposes. You know, at least in my views, we won. He had to buy back his machines. I had to make my own and God was that a process. I made so many mistakes making my own machines. But for anybody who has this pivotal moment going on right now in your business, it is the most important decision that was ever made for solid core, if solid core would not exist outside of DC today, if that decision wasn't made. So the risk was entirely worth the reward. There was only and I had to be careful, and I had to be diligent, I had to be prudent. But it had to happen. So I spent, probably wasted, 500k making these machines because I hired the wrong engineer, and then the prototype came out. And the prototype was shit, and I needed to do it all over again, but I had to figure it out. It was, it was the only way. And then, you know, after that point, I'm like, Cool. I have no limits on my growth. I need more capital. I don't want to open five studios a year. I want to open 2530 studios a year. And that's when I got connected to the Soul Cycle lawyer. I reached out to them, asked them for any advice they have. They connect me to their lawyer, who's still my lawyer. He's incredible. He's expensive, but he's incredible. And he introduced me to like, six private equity firms. And I have to tell you guys, I didn't even know what the fuck private equity was I had no I had no idea. I mean, I remember pausing so many meetings and asking people to explain acronyms, like abbreviated terms, like pref I'm like, what does that mean? So it's just a reminder. I know sometimes we can look at somebody who, like, has this thing, like, I didn't have any education in this. I didn't know any of these things. And it was really important for me to surround myself with people that I trusted, that didn't make me feel stupid, that I know had my best interests at heart, and that I felt operated with good ethics and values that were in line with mine.

Speaker  200501:20
It's honestly bad ass to sue the 800 pound gorilla in the space and probably open up so many doors for everybody else to really felt like constricted it can go up like they can't do anything without this. But I want to open up to the floor because I got a, there's a, I know there's a bunch of questions coming in. I think the way we'll do it, guys, just so we keep it simple, either A, throw it into the comment section, or B, just hit the Raise Your Hand button, and we'll try to just like, go through it that way. Chris, Tim, okay, Chris, why don't you go for it? Why don't we? Your name came up first.

Speaker  208512:00
Thanks, Aaron. And so one thing we like our club, right? It's very much e commerce focused direct to consumer. One thing we always talk about is shit. We wish we would have done this five years sooner, because we would have to exit e commerce was so much easier five years ago. With your success. Do you attribute you just being in the right time, in the right place? Or do you think if you started from you're 22 years old, starting over again. Would you think it would be the same success? Or you think it was kind of right time, right place? Yeah,

Speaker  215077:20
listen, it's, it's sort of when people ask, like, what's the one thing you do for your skin? I'm like, There's 27 things I do for my skin, and if I didn't do all of them, you know, it's never one thing, like, everything has to work. In my mind, was my timing impeccable? Yeah, did I know it was impeccable? Not really. There was no boutique fitness in DC. When I opened solid core, it made me feel a little scary, because it's like shit, no one else is doing this. Is it because everybody knows something I don't, or is it I'm the innovator and I'm going to be the early adopter and introduce people to this, you know? So again, I just had enough knowledge of working out, and I felt, for me, Chris, that like I was actually the perfect person to do this for several reasons. One, I know about health, fitness, body issues, strength, like more than anybody else, I felt that there's a lot of people out there who felt like I did, which were very frustrated with spinning their wheels, working out, and not feeling like they look in the mirror, and having a reflective image of like it doesn't look like I work out as much as I do. What's the matter? And I was doing all the wrong things. And Pilates changed that for me with toning abs, everything that I was looking for from an esthetic result perspective, from that and the mental challenge of it. So yes, I had the right timing to again. I was the perfect person in my mind, not that I understood some of the things. Like you asked me to build out a pro forma and a model. I can't do it. Like, I know what the numbers to put in there, but like it would take me four days to do it. But what did solid core actually need to exceed to succeed? It. It needed personality. It needed killer branding. It needed culture and community. I am an EIGHT and a NINE and a 10 in those categories, and I've actually, I've said this before, but it's really important anything that I'm a one, a, two, A, three, a, four, at I just say, Fuck it like someone else needs to do that. It's not worth me even learning it, because if I learn it and get really good, let's say I get 100% better. So now what I go from a three to a six, no one's ever going to hire me or want the person who's a six at something leading that effort in it. You want the person who's a nine or a 10. So I sort of felt I have the core competencies to do this, and I understand scalability, and I know it's like being a founder, and I've know how to build a team like this. I'm the perfect person to do it. So hopefully that helps a little bit and timing and momentum and reinvesting capital. You know, taking the money I was earning, the studios cost a few 100 grand to get open. Obviously, I wasn't putting a ton in the build outs. Now they cost more because we've just invested more in the esthetic of the of the gyms or in the studios. So anyway, I had all of the elements.

Speaker  258112:00
Thank you, Connor, what's up? Take your questions. Hey,

Speaker  258800:00
Chris, Aaron, thank you appreciate it, and you're awesome. And like Aaron said, huge badass. I run sort of also like an experience based business in the sports world, and we're about to go through this like when you were at opening one location per year to per year. You know, to this point where we're going to be opening 2530, I'm wondering if you could go back and look at it. If you could give any piece of advice that you wish you knew after scaled, before you scaled, or something that you'd recommend that is like must be done before you know, a business, anyone in the room takes that huge jump.

Speaker  267450:40
It's a basketball league, by the way.

Speaker  267834:40
Yeah, cool. Thanks. Also, I could beat anybody at horse on this. Yeah? So it's a really great question, and one of the really important thing is, like, when we're all starting, I don't again, I'm not gonna know where all you guys are, but when I was I was like, I was so cheap, I was so frugal, because I didn't I didn't know enough yet. I didn't want to spend beyond my means, so to speak. So I would just anything where I could pull levers to save money. I was doing that, and when I got to 25 studios Connor, I took my first investment, and I my first bigger investment. I had taken a smaller chunk to help me through the lawsuit and help me get to making new machines and such. But I remember when I took the first amount of money and I leveled up my team, and I leveled up the team, and I remember seeing our P and L for the first time, and it was in the red, and I freaked out. I was like, How can we be, you know, how can we be in the red? And it's like, well, that's what an investment is like. How are we supposed to ever grow if we're not going to spend money to make money? And even though I understood it from a logic perspective, psychologically that was that was challenging, and I knew deep down, if I don't level up, my team, the team I had, wasn't the right team to take it to the next level. They just didn't have the experience for it. And so I stretched, and I hired Brian Myers, who is the CEO solid core today. And I mean, the salary, which you guys would laugh at if I even told you today, of like, what he was asking for. But I was like, That's so much money. You know, I'm like, how am I going to pay somebody that? I mean, Brian could have come to me at any point in the last few years when I was there and asked to double his salary. And I was like, done, done. Like he was just that good. And so one of the things I will tell you is the old adage of you get what you're paid for is so true when you are scaling, try to get ahead of the of where you're trying to be now, and invest and hire for that point, instead of always playing catch up, because you'll create way more mistakes. And I can remember that in the first 25 ish locations, way more mistakes, way more drama, way more turnover, and it just becomes more expensive, and it creates just this, you know, really like the culture. It just weighs on the culture so much. So when, when you're interviewing somebody that you really are like this person would be incredible, but they're too much money. Find the money like, honestly, it's it made my life so much easier to have Brian in this role, who moved up to be the president in a couple years. And I'm like, This is my successor, and it made my transition in succession planning so much easier.

Speaker  307360:00
Cheap is expensive and expensive is cheap. So that's a great question. Next we've got Tim. You got your hand raised.

Speaker  309328:00
Hey Anne, thank you for this. You were mentioning how you were starting a lot of locations quickly. My question for you was, Do you have any particular take on going the franchising route versus all owned and operated, and then for solid core in particular, what approach did you take to scale out so many locations so quickly?

Speaker  314501:19
Yeah, definitely you're you're not the first one to ever have bring up franchise and for solid core. And because, again, didn't know what I didn't know. I'm like, let me, let me look into this. This is interesting. Obviously, I can scale a lot if I do that. But when the grant team, I think, for my business, we were, we did not have a capital intensive business. It only cost a few 100 grand to get these things. Open, and they made money really quickly, so the economics actually didn't benefit us to franchise. The franchisors would have been franchisees would have been making, like, 600 to a million dollars a year based off of the royalty we felt we could charge and whatever. And we're like, we're just giving money away, like we're just going to keep this all to ourselves, the build outs, you know, in the thick of things back in I mean, I was doing build outs in seven weeks, like I was just thriving. So the bill that time, the cost of capital, our capital expenditures, the way that we negotiated abatement for rent and tenant improvement dollars, it was just too good to franchise. And fortunately, you had a founder who understood, understood scalability. Like there's a lot of people that get stuck opening two to three a year because they don't know how to scale. We didn't have that problem. You know, we were open. We opened 52 studios in 26 months, from 2017 to 19. So when you, when you have that kind of, again, talent and appetite in the market, it just didn't, it just didn't make sense for us.

Speaker  338111:59
I've got a someone doesn't want to say they texted me to ask if I could ask this question. So it's on top of this. What would you say is the key ingredients to actually to this person has five restaurants. They're super easy to build, super quick, and they want it. They want to open 20. But again, they're not. They, what you just said, can only do two a year, three a year, because it's so hard to hire, and it's people quit and the logistics and getting them open like it's such a heavy lift. What would you say is, like the recipe to then go and quickly scale the model?

Speaker  346789:20
Yeah. So I'm definitely not a restaurant or and I have no idea the challenges of restaurant, restauranting. I'm not going to pretend that, but from our scalability perspective, I will say culture, culture, brand, coolness, transparency, and for our model, and this is what's hard, maybe there's similarity. Most of our employees are part time coaches. This is a side gig for them and our model guys like, you know, in New York, in our Lolita studio, which is our largest studio, our coaches get paid on a on a rev share ish model so they can make more money. And I, this is how I've always done it. I I've always told our coaches and our team all built rise together, right? So if the company is doing well, you're doing well. If you are doing well, the company is going to do well. So if you're going to fill your 27 Person class, when we're paying X amount of money, revenue per head, revenue per class, that person's walking away with $260 a class. It is a killer side gig for people. And most people coach six classes a week, and they're making 3540 grand on the side. So that's big for our model. It's what other side gigs you have that you can go coach two hours on a on a Monday night, normally it's like a four hour, six hour, eight hour shift. So if you have employee issues, for the person asking, get creative, like, what's causing people, if you can't find what's causing people not to take the job of like, listen, I can't come in here and take an eight hour shift. Do you really need them to can you be the restaurant that says we're going to do four hour shifts? Because that way we can get higher quality people to give this time. Offer more flexibility, and that has been a key thing for our like success and growth, is the flexible schedules that we offer our teams and coaches. I mean, we have coaches that have been there longer, I'm not longer than I have, but just as long as I have, like, literally, 910, years in the business, because of what the money that they can make, there's no end to what they can make, and we're so flexible with their schedule,

Speaker  376645:20
we've got Nicole. Your hand raised, Hi

Speaker  377285:20
Anne. Nice to meet you. I'm Nicole. I created a company called hair strong that has adjustable bands that can be tightened to a unique fit so you can work out without worrying about your hair. My question is, what are some values and some of the tactical things that you did and implemented in the early days that built that community and ensured the hype of each new location opening and like, really, brought everyone along to have, like, successful openings, so you could keep going and building as fast as you wanted to.

Speaker  384656:00
Well, one that's the benefit of corporate, because all of our training team is corporate. So we are sending our people who are the most bought in, know the brand have been around, know, the workout, to train our people and get them to drink the Kool Aid. And, of course, we bring them back. I mean, we have the benefit of solid core, being this place where, like, people are working out together, like everybody feels great after a workout, so your endorphins are high, like everything was just like a positive experience. And now you have a job where you get to help people get stronger. Like, there's just so much positive momentum to build upon. But I'll tell you, Nicole, like, our culture had to shift a lot in the early days, right? I had zero boundaries for a couple reasons. One, like, community. I'm just an open book. I kind of don't know where different parts of me begin or end, like I've just always lived my life that way, and so I wasn't going to create a lot of boundaries on the business that really served the business in the beginning. Because if you took solid core in the first couple like. You knew, am it's like Anne and selak, or they're one of this, like, I was everywhere I was so, you know, engrossed in the culture, and our office was at my house, so I would wake up in the morning and interview my employees working at like, seven in the morning, and I'm like, Good morning, you know. So that was really kind of cool, and very like, startup hype, as you hear about, like, what it must be like working for a startup. And I think I was a little insecure as a leader, to not create those boundaries. I didn't know how to lead with boundaries, so I didn't create them. I just thought this will be so much a part of people's life. It'd be so, you know, intertwined in all these different areas that, like, people will just be working all the time. You know, it's like, the same thing, like, oh, I work at solid core. I play at solid core. We're working out. We're working it's just non stop. Well, that culture kind of came back to bite me in the ass, as we became a big company, you know, and I had to lay people off, and I had to take away what was more than a job for people. I was taking away their identity. I was taking away their social network. I was taking away their outlet, their community. And like, I got a lot of flack for that, and I had a whole take down article written about me, you know, because of some of those things. And like, I didn't really know how to be a grown up CEO back then. So what I'll tell you guys about that is, I still think the magic of like, I want, I don't regret it, because it was magic. And like, we all had a great time, and most of us had a great time. And like, I don't regret that, and I should have seen that we needed, I and the like, needed boundaries earlier. I should have proactively created some of those organizational shifts, instead of letting the shifts happen and me being on the defense, you know of them, if that makes sense, because we went through, I mean, me alone when I was there like five organizational restructures, which would make sense for 100 locations, and building for more and private equity and whatever and different talent that's needed. So that was the hardest part of and I think it was Toby from Shopify, that when he wrote this letter out, and you guys should Google it, and he talks about when all covid was going on, it was just like, so much on the companies and expectations of the employees. And he's like, can you guys please stop saying we're a goddamn family. We are not a family. We are a team. And you have responsibilities to this team, and if you don't hold up your responsibilities, you will be cut from the team. If you use the word family, that's unconditional love, it becomes confusing for your team, for your employees to, like, understand that nomenclature. If I'm part of your family, why are you letting me go, like I screwed up or whatever. And as you get higher in the organization, you don't get a lot of screw ups. I always told my C level people, you got your guys's batting average has to be high. Like, you're allowed to make a mistake here then, but not very often, and if you do, you get cut from the team if you're going to play at that level with the equity you have and the comp that you have. So anyway, go read his letter. It's again, I'm sure some of you have but he talks about that, we're not a democracy. This doesn't everything. Doesn't get a goddamn vote all the time. We're a team, not a family, and we're not a social justice organization. Stop expecting us to say something on every social issue that pops up, or donate to every cause. We are only going to do those things if it is in line with our mission. Full stop.

Speaker  451472:00
Letter that was that was pretty epic during covid. He was like, just people kept saying because he did a lot of, like, covid shifts, and people give him a lot of slack for it. He's just, like, running a company here. Yeah, yeah. I remember that incredible question, thank you, Tao. You're up.

Speaker  456277:20
Hi Anne, so good to meet you. Hi, hi. I'm tal big, solid core fan. I'm a five times a week junkie, still trying to get my boyfriend to come with me. So I'll keep you updated on that. That math makes sense. My question is really about scaling nonprofits in comparison to a for profit. I know you started talking about that at the very beginning. I run an organization called we are queens, which is focused on empowering professional dancers to create a sustainable side hustle outside of performing, so that they're not waitressing or bartendering, but they're using their skills and other capacities. And with nonprofits, obviously, at least in our case, our price points need to be very accessible to the audience that we're targeting. And so thinking about scaling and raising the capital and being able to grow the organization in a massive way, I'm curious about any advice that you have specifically for nonprofits hoping to scale.

Speaker  469717:20
Are you talking about scaling in one city or scaling across the country? We

Speaker  470821:20
have locations across the country, but I'm more so thinking about we have, let's say, 500 users right now. Like, how can we double that? Triple that, get more engagement in terms of participation?

Speaker  473461:20
Whenever I was there's lessons in here for you guys have for profits too. So when I was running back my feet and like, I want to grow and like, I want to grow and I want to open up another city. Went to Baltimore. I was in Philly, and I was like, Baltimore is going to be the second city. Why? Because it's close enough that, like, we can get there if we need to, in a day, but it's far enough away where it's a completely different city, and we have to have a completely different kind of structure for that to run. I remember thinking, no one likes to get on a ship that they're not sure is going to. Sale. So if I walk into Baltimore and I try to raise money, right? I also needed to know my numbers, and I tried to raise money and say, if we raise $220,000 we can open up a chapter here. Nobody would have given me a dime. Why? Because, well, what if I give you 10 grand and you don't raise it? Do you give me that back or like, I don't really want to be associated with something that's not going to work. So I walked in there like I owned the place, which is what I learned from the lesson from my my dad, and it was like, we are opening on X date. And this is what my ask is. So every new market I would hold an event, Marriott was a big national partner of ours, and my first ask was always, hey, Marriott, can I please get an in kind contribution for us to host a breakfast that was going to be the first day of back of my feet, Baltimore, or whatever city would be to follow. And so now I had an ask, when I could go meet with all these corporations I would the Ask was simple, tell. I would tell them the story and tie tell one of key things the executives I would look to go meet with were runners, because you need to tap into people who dance has affected them. That is how you're going to get my people asked me for my I'm like, I'm like, no offense. I don't care about that issue. Like, I know that you do, and that's great, but like, I don't that's not important to me, and I don't have enough money just to give to all the causes out there. So I knew I had to find the decisions make, the decision makers of the companies, who also were runners. I had literally an 1,000% batting average, like no one said no to me if I could find that person. So my ask was, when I could find, hey, will you sponsor a table for $5,400 that number was significant to the organization, like I could tell them exactly what it went for. And and you please make three introductions to me, to people who you think would be interested, who have the same caliber that you do at other companies. And it just became, honestly, I hate to say it, but super easy. That formula worked. I didn't try to raise money from people who weren't runners. They weren't going to get it. Like, what do you mean? You're helping the homeless. They're running like, you know, aren't aren't you just making them hungrier? Like, people would say that shit, you know? So, like, I had to find the people who would get it and would be inspired by the story, the risk I took what I'm trying to do my dad. So that's what you have to do. Like, it's, I know, you say a 500 years, or whatever. You've got to find from a much from a money perspective, the mom whose kid life changed through dancing. You got to tap into people's like, emotional side, and don't just try to raise money from everybody. It doesn't work. Super

Speaker  518629:20
helpful. Thank you, Josh, you got your hand raised

Speaker  519333:20
two parts, kind of in the beginning and the end, when you're going from Philadelphia to Baltimore, right? When did you know that that was the right time? Were you looking at locations, the key players that you had in the organization? Obviously, you're talking about taking on debt. But what does that look like? You know, when you're getting, you know, people to buy in to, you know, when you're early on at that stage, and you don't really have your systems and processes in line 100% and then on the exit standpoint, how did you know it was time to exit? Is it? Was it an EBITDA number that you were looking for and what are your responsibilities at the close of the deal with the company?

Speaker  529456:00
Sure. No problem. So the first one I think you're asking, let's all grow up with that was back on my feet nonprofit days. But I'll tell you about expanding to a new market. I'll tell you where people screw up when they're when they have brick and mortar, and where they want to grow to next. I see people do this all the time. They're like, we have one location and our second location needs to be there. And I'm just like, if your second location has to be there. One, you're telling yourself that your business actually isn't scalable because that's the only place you can open next. And two, you lose all your leverage and negotiation power if that's the only place that you think you can open and you're only going to open there. So I kid you not, solid core probably today has 150 letters of intent out in the real estate market, negotiating deals, looking for people who will take our deals with real estate that we think, you know, is attractive to us. You say, no, no problem, Dude, we got 149 other people who want us in their market. And we started that process really early on. So when I was expanding, you know, it wasn't really scientific. I I'm not as data driven as I am intuition driven. I mean, I became more data driven the bigger the company got. I had to and I surrounded myself with people that were so I kind of followed little bit of back of my feet's footprint when we were having locations in DC. I'm like Philly in Atlanta, like I know those markets. I have media contacts there. And don't forget, for us, Josh, I'm like, I need 12 people taking this class eight times a day. That's it. I need hundreds of people. Like I and I think people mess this up a lot. They're like, Oh, somebody's already doing that. And I'm like, Do you guys know for seven years of running, it's like, no one knew what telecore was the first seven years, but we were still highly profitable because I was speaking to my market, there are probably businesses that you guys have that are doing nine figures that I've never heard of because I'm not your your market, so don't get caught up in that. And you need to have a plan where like and right now, again, last time I looked there, like I think solid core could have, it's like 850 more locations throughout the US based off of the data that we now have. And. The analytics tools that we use. So I knew that, like, hey, I'll find a location that works in one of these cities, in whatever deal I can get that's more attractive, that's where I'm going to expand to next. And so that's kind of what we did. And I knew that we can't just have one like when we opened up in New York, which we waited a few years, it was like, when we're ready to go to New York. I want ground floor retail. I want to be big enough that landlords are excited about us. And I want to open five in the first year, like you can't go and dabble in New York. In my mind, you need to go in and be like, Hey, we're here. Pay attention to us. And my competition, frankly, in New York was, SLT right. Amanda, who's a friend, but purely business. Her studios were on the eighth floor of shady buildings, and I'm like, You're going to eat our lunch. Like, that's just the way it's going to go. Because I'm coming in here Well, resourced, and we are going to grow faster, and we are going to become the dominant player, you know, in this space. And so that was really the strategy that we took to grow, like, put a lot of lines in the water, know, where not to make concessions. I mean, guys, I didn't pay any the only security deposit I ever paid on solid core was less than 100 grand throughout all of those locations. I just wouldn't do it. Why? It screws you on an exit. I mean, imagine if every person wanted 100 grand for me, like 100 grand times 100 studios. Are you kidding me? And they deduct it from your valuation, because you're never going to see that money again. The landlords are going to keep it. They're going to find some way to tell you that you damage this and that I'm just like, I'm not doing that. And I also asked for a whole lot of tenant improvement dollars, especially in the beginning, like I needed capital. I didn't have all the money I needed you to give me $250,000 to build up this space. And I would meet tal. This goes back to kind of your question, I would meet with these landlords in person. I had to get them to be excited for me, to believe in me, to hear my story. I couldn't just be some email, you know, that they were conversing with and me asking for all these things so also really important, the power of meeting people in person on the exit side. How did I know was the right time to exit? Because I was in control of the whole process. I had control of my company. I always wanted to sell, and I was ready for my next chapter. I had successions planned very well. I put Brian Myers in the CEO role in 2021 after I raised my last growth round, I told them this growth round is contingent on me putting Brian in the CEO role. I'm going to go in the exec chair role. I'm not going anywhere, but I'm not running the day to day operations of this company for two the next transaction that we were to have was going to be our exit, like we it was just it was going to be time, and if I didn't do that, I was going to get stuck. I was going to get stuck because the company will never had had another CEO, and they were never going to let me just take my money and run on a company that they're going to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in. And I didn't want that to happen. I didn't want to work for private equity. I like when private equity works for me. I was just really thoughtful about it, and it also made the company more valuable. To show that this brand has stickiness beyond its founder. It's you just need strong executional leadership for the brand to be successful. And now you know, Brian is focusing on succession planning because he doesn't want to get stuck there forever. And yes, again, the way that obviously, numbers work, it varies. You have so many variables when you're when you look for evaluation. I'm not going to pretend I know what DTC valuations, you know, look like. But for brick and mortar, you know, you can look at, you know, 15 to 17 times Ibo, plus how many studios you have under construction. Plus what does the data say about how many studios you can have? Plus the team? I mean, you get credit for all of these things, and it's like a negotiation. But you know, 15 times Ibo is is pretty traditional for an experienced brick and

Speaker  617557:19
mortar, much better than E commerce. So just to give you a good glad I chose it. We're going we're going retail. Andreas, you got your hand

Speaker  620682:40
up, yeah. And thanks so much for the time you made it pretty evident at the start this concept of the Empire. It's clear that, as an entrepreneur and a found, we've always had this idea of of long term vision. What I want to know is, how do you have that balance between being a visionary in the long term, projecting these lofty goals, but then also ensuring that you are creating an effective day to day business, and that you are still able to be the face of this business while creating these long term goals?

Speaker  628496:00
Good question. So one from the vision, you work backwards, and I always work backwards from where I wanted to be. And whenever decisions were being made, like making the own machines, does this get me to where I want to go, or is this subtract me from where I want to go? Is it a distraction? Even during covid, when I had to lay everybody off, I simply told the team, my job is not to keep you employed through a pandemic, my job is to make sure you have a company to come back to, and I'm asking for your trust, and I know it doesn't feel like you should trust me right now, because I'm literally laying you all off, but my job is to protect this company in the long term, and I can't think short term, if we would have kept our people on, or, you know, thought that covid was only going to be a few. Weeks. I mean, you guys know how many companies went bankrupt, or whatever else. I mean, it was the right move to cut and cut fast. We got a lot of flack for it, but, like, I thought about the vision, and there's no way some covid pandemic bullshit was going to take my company from me. I would rather make the hard decision. And I think listening and saying, like, okay, are we people? Like, are we overreacting if we actually cut everybody? But the detriment to under reacting was the loss of the business. And like, that was really important. I remember. And like, if I would rather overreact than not, you know, I'd rather lose some people, have people be mad at me than not? Rather than lose my entire business because I'm afraid to make the hard call and lay people off and have people not like me and be mad at me and say shit about me. That's one thing. Is working backwards. And also, Andrea, it's like your job, if you're growing at a at a pace that is impressive enough, your job should be changing every six months, definitely a year. So when I opened solid core guys. I was coaching 20 classes a week. I coached the 5am the 6am the 7am I go home. Do customer, you know, emails, do the do payroll, do whatever. I did everything. And then at some point that's not sustainable, because how am I going to grow and focus on additional negotiations, opening studios, contracts, construction workers, whatever, and do all of these things? Oh, okay, what's the number one thing to outsource the coaching. I'm a great coach. Don't get me wrong, you should all come take my class. I'm gonna coach in New York. However, there are other people who are just as good as I am, if not better. People are not not going to come to solid core if I'm not coaching. There are 120 studios, 10 classes a day, classes being filled. You know what? I mean? Like, that was the easiest thing to outsource. Okay? What about operations, finance, payroll? No one gives a shit. Who does that, as long as it gets done, right? My benefit to the business was negotiation with the landlords, you know, taking the risk, getting the studios open, working with the construction workers, the branding, the marketing, like, that's where my eight, nine and 10 was going to serve the scalability of the business. If you're, if you guys should all look it's it's April, look back to what you were doing in January. If it's the exact same thing, and you're hoping to grow, it's just never going to happen. You have to be elevating. And the hardest part of that, there's nobody tell you really how to elevate, which is why groups like this are important. You don't have a boss who's upping. You know your responsibilities. You have to figure out, if your vision is, I want to build $100 million brand, how am I going to get there in five years? And you have to figure out what your role is in that. And again, it's going to look vastly different than it was a year or two years ago.

Speaker  682149:20
I think that right there, like, we can put a period in that. Like that, I always say, like, I feel like I'm in between jobs. I'm like, leaving the job I was just doing, and I'm like, starting the next thing. And that's so true. I love that. Damien, can I

Speaker  685194:40
just say one more thing on that? Andreas, I also know Brian's, Brian's a better operator than I am. Like, I hate dealing with, like, once the company got so big, it becomes less fun for me. I am the magic in the beginning, taking the risk, building the brand, doing the thing Brian is better at this stage than I was, and I, as the founder, recognized that, so I got ahead of it. You know how miserable it would be to be like, escorted outside your company and like, Thank you for your service. We're going to let you go and see that. That would have been so difficult, and I was never going to let that happen to me. I was self aware enough to know I'm actually not the right person to run that size business. I don't enjoy it, and somebody else is better at me. So I'm going to put that person in place so that I can have this exit on my own terms. I

Speaker  696005:20
love that. So we've got about, I want to say, like, 10 minutes or so. We've got Damien, Justin, David Ali and a few questions in the chat. So we'll, we'll try to get through them all. This has been incredible. Damien, New York legend, as well. You're up

Speaker  699722:40
and thank you so much. This has been super helpful. And my question is similar to what you just said. We're like, we've just made a couple of really, like, key hires for me and the company. It's a more of a service based business and dc side here, I feel like I am transitioning into more of that like leadership role. Tactically, I know you mentioned a lot of your like, how you run is intuition, but do you have any like tactics of how you set that culture? Whether it's like, this is how I ran the meetings, or these are what I repeated on a day to day basis. How do you set that culture and like, that vision where everyone's aligned, of like, this is where we're going.

Speaker  710149:20
You have to figure out what your values of your company are, and they all don't have to look the same. I'll tell you, one of my key values is transparency. And I mean, during covid, I have calls with our team every week, even if I had no new news, I'm like, Guys, there's nothing that's different than was last week. I just want you to know that, like, I'm not running away. And if you remember, in covid, a lot of our a lot of cultures, people felt like, in the dark, they felt like, we don't do like, well, we didn't have anything to say. It doesn't matter. Tell them you there's no new information. They just need to see and know that nothing is being withheld from them. So when the going gets tough, like that is when we we have, we have meetings every month to show the top. Performing studios, the bottom performing studios, the top coaches, the bottom coach. How's the overall company doing? I found it helpful to teach people about the business, teach people about the health of the business, let them see it and ask questions, rather than hiding those things from folks. Because when you hide things, rumors start, and people feel like they you're keeping them in the dark for some other reason, and it creates distrust in my mind. So that's just the kind of leader that that I was, that really worked for us, and we always said to anybody, can ask any question at any time, and you deserve an answer. If I ever say because I'm the boss or because I said so, you are allowed to tell me that that's not an answer. And so I think people felt like and I also, at the beginning of this call, told people, just because you get an answer you don't like doesn't mean you didn't get an answer. You think I'm going to have a team of 2000 people agree with everything that I do? Of course not, and I don't expect that. So if you think that I expect that you guys have something else coming to you, need to trust me as your as your executive and your leader, and know that I trust when there needs to be a democratic process, and know when I need to make an executive decision as the CEO for the position I'm in that is in the best interest of the business, the people and our investors and our clients. And you might not agree with that, and I'm okay with it. So figure out your values, and then Damian, you also need to find examples, because everybody says what their values are, but where people, where leaders, get into trouble is when their team can find hypocrisies in their values. So you need to both, here's our values and here's what that means to execute on these values and actions that line up with them, and here are things we're not going to do because they don't line up with the values. Awesome.

Speaker  745893:20
That is helpful. Thank you. Justin silver,

Speaker  746837:20
hey, and my, my fiance, is actually a solid core instructor in the Upper East Side so deeply connected with what you're building, saw that you then sorry with it that you've taken like 100 classes, then I've taken about 10 and leave dead each time you invested like, 500k in apothecary, and it seems like you're doing a bunch of Angel work. Obviously, an amazing place to be. What are you really looking for, for these angel investments? What else has piqued your interest, or their industries you're focused on? We'd love to just learn more

Speaker  756144:00
about that. Yeah, no problem. Same thing. It's never, it's never one thing. People think it's, oh, you know, and those clickbait, bullshit stuff of like, this is the one thing as a founder, it's just not true. One Shizu apothecary, she is the perfect person. You know, her background, she knows a lot about this space. She's getting all of her products from where she grew up, from, her culture, and she had a company before called drink. So she understands, you know, production, manufacturing. She understands business and scalability. I think her timing is absolutely impeccable. I have my own alcohol journey where I used to drink very socially, and now I don't drink. And I just think there's so many people who are feeling the same way that I do, and she has all of these fun products that allow people to have the ceremony of drinking a cocktail with none of the hangover, because I'm very bullish on health span, on youth span, if that's even one of a terminology. Yet I am in my 40s, and I can tell you my biggest priority is feeling as young and healthy as long as I can. And whenever there are products that I think are going to be category winners, like like, she's doing apothecary. I get very fascinated and interested, you know, in it. So she just, she hits all of those different angles for me. And she knows how to, she knows how to build a business. And just as important, Justin, man, that girl has something to prove. And I like that. Like, there, you guys know how crazy we all are. Like, it's like, the amount that we work. I mean, sometimes, I know you asked this, Aaron, but like, sometimes I do think. I'm like, How the hell did I open 100 studios in nine years? I'm like, sometimes I don't even know how that happened, you know. And like, it just takes constant, ridiculous dedication. And that's something deep down, you know, driving you on some level, whether it's somebody told you you never could, whether it's showing to yourself, whether it's just you have this mission and brand something, so she has all of those things, and you can have an amazing product. But if I don't feel like the founder is compelling, is sincere, is capable, like it's a hard No, and you can have a compelling, sincere, amazing founder with a product that's kind of shit, and then it's a no for me. So just like, that's why selling a company and raising money is so difficult. I'm not the only one who thinks this way, like you have to hit it 10 out of 10, or at least nine out of 10 in a lot of different categories to make people interested in investing. In my mind,

Speaker  793445:20
thank you. Got two more here. David, you've had to end up for a while. And then, Ali,

Speaker  794693:20
what's up? David? First one is I really resonated with you talking about not giving security deposits and giving or asking for a bunch of TI, I'm in the process of relocating my manufacturing company, so we currently are looking at about 65,000 square feet. We're moving outside of Boston into hopefully Charlotte, and I'm having a hell of a. Time where, in mass, I'm getting landlords to throw buckets of money at us to stay here. But in North Carolina, specifically in Charlotte, maybe it's because we're like a deep tech, life science company. They're just not budging at all, and they're not used to maybe these types of companies. So I was really curious, how did you get these deals? What did you do to negotiate them? And then the second thing was, when you found yourself doing things well, business was growing and you were focusing on expansions, what were the main pain points and daily activities that your role focused on as you transitioned into that growth mode?

Speaker  808677:20
Okay? First one definitely read the book. Never split the difference. By Chris Voss, my favorite book. We in the pandemic. You know, again, most businesses like ours faltered because of landlord rent. We didn't have to pay a dime of rent in the pandemic, not and we had 78 studios at that point, and we did it through asking them, what's important to you. Here's what's important to us, if you take our money now, like we have a eight, let's say we're talking about, we have an eight year lease left if you force us to pay rent now, we're never going to make it through this. Like, would you rather have eight years of a tenant after this or two months of of rent now? Because even if you force us, and everybody does, we're going to file like, you're never going to see another dime of that, you know. So we were like, what if we extended our lease for a year on the back end of covid. Obviously, we had the numbers on these spaces and knew, you know, that the location was great. And again, just a firm belief in in person, fitness is going to come back, and we are going to make that big bet. And you know, we are going to be around. You can look at the we've never missed rent before the pandemic. This is the only time this conversation has come up. So we had that conversation. And I think David, if you ask people, which is what I did with secure did with security deposits, especially New York landlords, oh, well, we that's just the way that it is. You know, we've never had anybody ask for that. And I'm like, I understand that, but let me tell you why it's important to me. And I would explain it's not your security deposit. It's you the next guy, the next guy, the next guy, I can't tie up 10s of millions of dollars in security deposit and grow. I don't have the capital to do both. So you have a guarantee. You have a corporate guarantee on this business, right? You have three years if we default or whatever. That not only can you find a new tenant, but you get three years of rent from us. That has to be enough. Is there additional protections that I'm missing, you know? So when you break it down, I have found a lot of times the landlords were just like, used to things going that way, and they really didn't have good answers for what they were asking for. So I would try that tactic and just say, tell me what's important to you in a tenant. Is it the lifelong whatever I'm sure. Are you offering a guarantee at all? A corporate guarantee?

Speaker  842405:20
We're venture capital back. So there is going to be some sort of corporate guarantee. I

Speaker  843466:40
would negotiate on it. I would have rather done a year extra of corporate guarantee than a security deposit. So I would start with asking that question and let them know why a security deposit, to you is difficult to do, and something you just, you know, can't give on.

Speaker  847178:40
For me, the bigger component is the TI, because we do need a quite, quite a bit of build out. So that's the part that I'm struggling with. I feel most of the time right now, we haven't even discussed corporate guarantees. So, you know, the real, the reality of the situation is we really need the additional funds to grow the business and build out the facility in the proper way, because our current facility, we've just outgrown it, and we're, we're at that next stage where we need to, need to grow by building out the right space for us. Yep.

Speaker  854245:20
Well, two, I'll go back to I said before, you can't put all your eggs in one basket. They have more leverage than you, and they may or may not know that, so you need to look at, what could another option be so that you at least feel like you have more leverage, and you haven't even talked about that. Talk about, like, if this isn't going to be a 10 year lease, what if you made it a 12 year lease. Most landlords care about the balance sheet. They care about, like, being able to take that to a bank, and whether it's renegotiate a loan or something else when they're selling it. More so than just like a security deposit. Can you offer to pay higher rent in your nine or 10 that like it's the overall pro forma of the deal they're looking for, and for us in solid core, I was happy to pay more rent in year 910, when I wasn't going to be there. But two, I needed more capital upfront. If I was going to ever sell my business, I needed more capital upfront to get the scale that I was looking for, to get private equity interested in awesome.

Speaker  868240:00
Thank you. Amazing answer. And lastly, we've got Al, I know there's some questions in the chat. If we have a minute at the end, we'll get to them. But Al, you've had your hand raised up for a

Speaker  870501:20
while. Hi, Anne, thanks. This has been great. I'm the founder of organic traditions. We're a super food company, and I'm interested in how you approached giving equity to your employees. You mentioned, like for those A players, you're looking at their compensation and how much equity they get. We have an employee options pool that I recently created as part of our, like, total comp strategy. And I'm just curious how you navigated giving that equity and kind of positioned

Speaker  877834:40
that. Yeah, I one. If you've ever seen me on Instagram or seen my like, I'm big believers in that. I don't not only do I think it's the right thing to do. It. Is excellent for business when everybody is driving toward a sale. And frankly, all of the employees were pumped when the sale happened, because it's like we all win, not just Anne sitting at the top. So there's different types of equity right different pool. So management incentive plans are actual equity that we gave to top level employees, that they had to earn, of course, through their through their package that vests over a certain amount of time. Some of them accelerated with the transaction. And that was really reserved for, you know, again, the players that I expected to have a very high batting average and make massive impact in millions of dollars with their decisions at that level. And then I created what was called a long term incentive plan for lower level employees, where they would get something when we sold based, and I'm not going to remember the formula off the top of my head, but it was between the first round the second round, and I negotiated a little bit of an earn out, you know, on the second on the next transaction, it was around about four and a half million dollars. That's based off of tenure and based off of their role in the company that they would get, you know, a little bit more every time that the that if they were there for another year or so. So it wasn't tied to actual equity. It was just here's this pool of money that I have, and no one really knew what they were going to get, because it all depends on what the company sold for and what my share sold for. So they didn't really the L tip. People didn't have an entire idea. They got kind of a range, which, of course, it fell into because of just our predictive modeling that we were able to do. And then, of course, the people at the top got their their equity portion based on the value of the company and their contribution from when they joined to how they increased the value. But

Speaker  906501:20
for all the other levels of the company they were investing over time, separate from the leadership team. Yeah.

Speaker  908202:40
So, yeah, it's like, it's not real equity. So it doesn't really, it doesn't really vest. It was just a contract that they signed that if you were here as a director level, manager level, Senior master coach level, whatever, and you're here for a year, here's what you're, you know, going to get based off a percentage of what Anne gets. You know, if you're here for two years, this is what you're gonna get for percentage of what Anne gets. But It all depended on, well, what if Anne gets 200 million? 100 million. So again, same little bit of level of equity, but they didn't have equity rights, like an actual like, like Brian does. If Brian leaves the company today, he still has equity that's vested in the business that he will, of course, have earned when there is a next transaction where the L tip, if anybody left, they didn't get it, they had to be there. So it would serve as an incentive tool for the employees to stick around till a transaction. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker  921477:20
Thank you. No problem.

Speaker  921925:20
Got one. I'll try to pull a question here from the chat, but if anybody wants to say it, feel free to unmute yourself and say it. But Tal, you brought up a good question here. I don't know if you see it. Anne, but how did you know when it was time to change the course of the business idea? She said she was inspired by your journey with we got ambition.

Speaker  926394:40
Oh yeah. So I started another company before I even sold solid core, and it was honestly like such a disaster we are. I haven't really said much about this online, because we're, frankly, in a in arbitration with our architects and our engineers who made some really massive mistakes that caused the business to be in a very difficult financial position. And on top of it, you know, it was like, if that's going to be the I mean, we were so like, millions of dollars of mistakes that were made through not reaching code and in certain location, in our locations, to not getting our tcbo yet. So it just was like, You know what we have to call this, because there's not a path forward that's going to make financial sense. So it, frankly, was the first time that I have felt like this isn't going to like, this is this thing isn't going to scale, like it's not going to get there based on how much of a hole the business is in and how much of a fight this is going to be here. So I made the decision with even the investors of I'm going to refund a good chunk of the capital, and like, we're moving to arbitration toward the architects and the landlords. And obviously people are disappointed, but like, also really proud of being able to return capital and knowing when the business is like, this is the right sometimes the right thing to do isn't just like, let's just keep going, going, going. And I know everybody, like, wants to know. Well, how do you know when you know? I think we all know, like, I, I 100% intuitively knew, based on my experience, this business is not going to get there in this situation. If I felt like it could, I obviously would have made a different a different call, but, you know, it was the right move to do difficult, disappointing. But doesn't mean I, you know, doesn't mean you back away from making the call that needs to

Speaker  954277:20
get made. Guys, this has been unbelievable, and you don't know that. So we've done like six of these calls. Typically the drop off after like 45 minutes is, like, pretty high. People got meetings and everyone tries to tap in. There's been hardly, there's been no drop off up until we hit the hour here, and people had other meetings. So this has been unbelievable. So really, I don't know if I don't know how we do a virtual clap, but we're. All clapping for you. And Chris got some quick words here before we all sign off.

Speaker  961472:00
Oh, yeah. Well, and thanks so much guys like you know, and started this club with clay, like, seven months ago, and just the scale has been, has been incredible. We all grew up with different life stories like and no shot like, you would have thought when you're a little girl in North Dakota like you're going to be where you were today. I mean, at points, you obviously did, but we all come with so many different challenges and shit going on, and we built this just for this reason, right? Like, where else in the world at three, three o'clock, you're gonna hear a world class entrepreneur like her from your laptop. So that's the stuff we're trying to build. If you guys want to join the club or learn more about it, just hit me, or Aaron up join tfc.com we're very vocal about it online, and, yeah, we're just trying to help, because it's one or two follow.

Speaker  972154:40
Just Yeah, her Insta in the chat there, and you post anywhere else, I think, mostly Instagram, right? Yeah, mostly Instagram, mostly Instagram. So she posted amazing content there pretty regularly, unfiltered, which is my favorite, just like she exactly from the brain. That's how I post, even though mine usually, I suppose, usually has spelling mistakes, but and thank you so so much. This has been incredible. We'll try to shoot out the recording to everybody, just they want to, like, want to re watch it. Go through some moments, go through the transcript, whatever. Thank you so much. This was,

Speaker  980928:00
keep watching it. Congrats. Thanks. See you later. Bye.
