TikTok
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Music.

Speaker  1440:00
So we have many gods in MDS, and over here is the the the God of Tiktok that's joining me for this Tiktok session. How we decided that we're going to run this is just more open format. We might do it like, you know, breakouts. There's two topics there, but we're gonna just open format, spitball. What's working, what's not working. I'll read off the topic, and then I'll let you open it up. So what's working right now to drive real dollars on Tiktok, whether it's organic, paid or affiliate, and how is it impacting your Amazon and your GC store? Some points that we can dive into here is, what are you using to attribute those sales? Have you cracked the code that works consistently with creators, or what tool, softwares, agencies are driving a lot of success.

Speaker  16240:00
Let me clarify. I'm not a tick tock God within our ranks. I think Eugene asked me to do these things because he knows how optimistic and excited I am, and I'm actually in the weeds, like dating. A lot of the stuff. I'm literally creating the flash sales for my creators. Like I'm in there adding spark codes, like I'm doing it all so I can answer any of those technical questions. And I'm so optimistic about Tiktok, like, I literally think Tiktok, if done right, can change your entire business. Like, I don't even care about Amazon hacks anymore, giveaways, launch strategies. Vine, who's running

Speaker  26645:20
that part of your business now? Nobody. It

Speaker  27450:40
doesn't matter you tick tock, right? You're gonna crush Amazon. So Amazon should be a part of your your tick tock should be a part of your Amazon strategy. This isn't just another channel to pick up another five 10% this is a part of your Amazon strategy to 10x if you've read the book, 10x is easier than 2x and wondered, oh, shit. Well, how am I gonna do this? This is it. This is it. So that's why I think Eugene's excited to have me like help with these talks and stuff. There's people in this room that are crushing Tiktok way more than me, who's doing more than 10,030

Speaker  37440:00
day. GMV, oh, good million

Speaker  37877:20
in a year. Boom, right here. We got guy right here. I mean, David,

Speaker  38997:20
tell us, what's the number one thing that you've learned the past year? Stand up. Biggest, most money you've lost doing something stupid. Wait, wait,

Speaker  44682:40
number one thing on Tiktok,

Speaker  46074:40
put me on the spot.

Speaker  46794:40
Definitely, just keep experimenting. You know, it's every brand and business is going to do differently on Tiktok. It's not like there's a formula to break the code. You know, I was surprised that you know how well you've been pushing your product, and I didn't expect, you know, I didn't expect that category to take off. So if you think your categories not a Tiktok product, you're probably wrong. Yeah. I mean, you're hard goods, yeah, yeah, I'm hard good. So, yeah,

Speaker  54213:20
my supplement is for old people. So I was like, old people are on Tiktok. This isn't gonna work. Everybody's on Tiktok. There's a lot of old people on Tiktok and and old people selling to old people crush. So I

Speaker  59546:40
think you're 5060, no, 35

Speaker  60522:40
4040, yeah, I'm 42 I'm fucking old.

Speaker  61658:40
Oh, I will say the interesting thing with Tiktok, it makes it feel super small. So when you're on Tiktok, it'll feel like you're in this tiny bubble of of the internet, and okay, those people that you see, it's very limited. But as you cross the different bubbles of Tiktok, you actually kind of realize how huge it is. Like, I don't come across his products at all on my Tiktok, even though he's got probably hundreds or 1000s of affiliates pushing it so it's like everyone's in their own sphere, and you've got to figure out how to cross the other spheres of Tiktok, right?

Speaker  72101:20
It's very algorithmically,

Speaker  72357:20
yeah,

Speaker  72725:20
it's like, it's just a bunch of bubbles and it's massive, like they make it feel small, but it's massive

Speaker  74405:20
make it feel small because the algorithm knows you pretty well, and it only shows you what it thinks you want, and it's got it down. So if you want to, like, find out more and learn more about other products and other niches, you kind of have to trick the algorithm, go search for other products, go search for other stuff that you know is doing well, and so you can see more of that content and learn faster. Um. But yeah, no, yeah, David's right, it does feel kind of small, and you're almost wondering, like, how is this working? Does everybody

Speaker  81200:00
know the premise of, like, what Tiktok was created for? Like, like,

Speaker  83104:00
no, like, the Prem so

Speaker  84016:00
not like, Okay, you have Instagram, right? You have followers. Your stuff is shared with your followers. The main thing about Tiktok is it doesn't care about followers, so it only cares about content. The main thing was, like, anybody with any kind of piece of content can get in front of any kind of audience. I don't care about their fall. I mean, obviously now that plays into it, but like, that's the main so thinking about that, like, you know, kind of unpeeling the layer, like, that's what it is. It's all about that piece of content and how far it can travel. So, I mean, testing, it's a testing ground. You want to talk about, maybe, like systems people have for testing stuff. Or, yeah,

Speaker  93738:40
has anyone had well, so yeah, content is you do have to be testing. That's one thing for sure. Just put out content every day on your brand account, or make sure someone's putting out content every day. If you have multiple creators you know, try to get as many creators on your team or in your discord to put out content every single day for 30 days to kind of try to figure out what what's working you don't want to play with hooks. Hooks is probably the most important part, because you need to get people in to watch the video, more than four or five seconds to keep them around and

Speaker  103237:20
on hooks. Yeah,

Speaker  103637:20
what you ask? What are hooks?

Speaker  104117:20
What are hooks? What hooks are like? The first thing someone says in a video, right? So what's Peter? Want to give us a couple examples of some good hooks, Parker. Parker,

Speaker  106581:20
you have the mic

Speaker  106970:40
just as a clarification, a hook is something that promises a payoff. It gives them a reason to keep watching the rest of the video, visual or audio. But a good example of a hook would be like one of the most successful ones I've ever used is if you were to take blank, especially in supplements, you have to do this one if you were to take blank for 14 days, this is what would happen. That's you need two and six second retention rate markers for a video to perform. Well, so you're looking for 70% at two and 60% at six. So your hook. The reason it's so important is a video cannot do. Well, sorry, let's have good the average view duration is if the markers aren't there at two and six. So that's I could do more, but

Speaker  118693:20
keep going. Yeah, anyone, the price of McDonald's

Speaker  119125:20
french fries could double or triple, or say that, Say that one

Speaker  120517:20
again. Sorry, the price of

Speaker  120773:20
McDonald's french fries could double or triple. That's another one I've done that's worked really well. So this guy, it's called a biography hook. So this guy, so this girl, so this doctor, so this lawyer. And you have a visual element of a picture representing that person on screen, typically in some form of animated fashion that's on the bottom half of the screen. Those do ludicrously well. I've gotten hundreds of millions of views with those. Yeah, those are off the top of my head, ones that I've had successes with. Nice,

Speaker  129040:00
awesome. There's somebody here who's doing, you know, like a lot of work with affiliates want to share kind of how they're keeping it all organized.

Speaker  132288:00
Who here? If you're on Discord, if you even know what Discord is, yeah,

Speaker  133765:20
so, yeah, it's fun one.

Speaker  134629:20
So most of the affiliates that you're going to find are going to want to be contacted or kept in touch with on Discord. So if you haven't built out your own discord yet, to invite affiliates to start playing around with discord, because it's it takes a while to figure out

Speaker  139434:40
question. So does discord have engagement metrics? Not

Speaker  141306:40
that I know of. I'm not sure what you would need. Yeah,

Speaker  142154:40
because, because we're running discord, but it doesn't seem to be as engaging as some of the grades that I follow. So I wanted to measure that for some time. But what

Speaker  144928:00
do you mean by your running but you don't, does that mean? Can you clarify that?

Speaker  146112:00
So, so we have a great discord, right? So we do, obviously, we do create groups, but we also have those that we recruit into our internal discord. And I wanted to measure, so I'm essentially hitting creator groups against my internal manager, right? And I want to, obviously, I mentioned these guys on TV, but from an internal guy, like, I

Speaker  150933:20
want to see, like, like, how much stuff is going on? And, like, yeah, how active is it?

Speaker  152117:20
But like, from an engagement perspective, I can try to figure that out, right?

Speaker  153189:20
Like, how active is your group, compared to, maybe, like a creator circle group, Chad

Speaker  154373:20
you throw them? Do

Speaker  154789:20
you do anything on your discord to have a like, creator leaderboard where you always post,

Speaker  156954:40
yeah, we do, like, shout outs

Speaker  157946:40
leaderboard for like, for the week or the month. We do contests I manage. Another thing is too, is have a really good manager. You're in a discord, someone that is like, that's their full time job. Oh, wow. He gets paid two grand a month to manage my Discord, and he's constantly like, hiring and firing, motivating people, reviewing, making sure the 30 posts are done, letting me know when someone is owed their retainer, letting me know what the bonuses are, helping me come up with bonus structure, wow. So

Speaker  165605:20
that's why you're using it. I mean, that's a that's a very heavy it's not just so people get time

Speaker  166677:20
4050, creators in there, coming in, coming well, we'll fire about 10 a month and bring in 10 more a month. Throw

Speaker  168533:20
it far. Wow. All the way to Josh. Josh, oh, bam. Don't fall over.

Speaker  172042:40
Who did you hire for that role? So to manage that,

Speaker  172938:40
I tried making this discord myself, and I'm old, so like shit I had, like, yeah, it was terrible. So when I started bringing in creators that I found on Tiktok, I basically, once you once you know, like what a creator is and how they operate, you can find them pretty well. You can point them out, particularly, every single video is the same video for the last so you can just DM them and say, Hey, I love what you've done for this brand. Are you taking on new clients? And they know you know who they are, right? So I was recruiting that way, bringing them into my Discord. I think I had like, four or five guys, and one guy was like, hey, you need help with managing this. So it's like, Yes, I don't know, interesting. Revamped it. And so what does your

Speaker  185445:20
team look like that's managing Tiktok for you? Like, who's on your org chart that oversees Tiktok right now. So

Speaker  187178:40
for the most part, it's me handling affiliates. And then on my Discord, I have discord manager, managing my my slideshow. So I have a separate discord slideshow strategy, separate discord I do my Discord for affiliates and creators, and then I have one like agency group that I work with, where the owner of that group does all the training for the affiliates. So it's really pretty small right now. I do need to get customer service handled, because I'm pretty much handling that right now. But what does your agency do? Again? It's not my agency. I don't have, well, it

Speaker  197984:00
was going. No, no, not yours. But, like, what eight? Like, what's the role the agency's playing for you? Yeah, affiliates, getting affiliates. So they're recruiting affiliates, sending them to you. You get them in your discord.

Speaker  201045:20
Yeah, something that we spoke about at a Tiktok mastermind is interesting from the Creator side. Right, when they get to a certain point, they're in hundreds of discords, yeah, and they get bombarded. So it's almost you need to also think about having that separate place where you communicate with higher level creators, like your Discord is probably for your it's a you have a secondary Do you? Do you find that? Or does anybody? Has anybody found a solution for

Speaker  208554:40
that? Or well, I mean, anyone that's going to be in your brand discord, they they're there because they're either on a retainer or, yeah, most likely because they're on a return. So they're going to be, like, they're going to be checking that discord. It's the other discords where there's, like, a bunch of people just training creators and a bunch of job boards and what, like, those can kind of get bombarded in

Speaker  214437:20
but, I mean, what if they're working for multiple brands, or you don't, yeah, if they're working so what's, what's, I mean, they, when they're working for so many brands, like, it becomes a lot of noise, right, to keep up with. So like, how do you like when you know this, this, this creator is great, and you know they're gonna start working with other brands. How do you like, protect them or, like, isolate them so you make sure that they pay attention to you. My manager handles

Speaker  220250:40
all that. Yeah, you have to be active. You really have to be active and engaged for sure.

Speaker  222090:40
Brandon, um, so couple questions this the discord manager, is that that's not a full time role, is it?

Speaker  224096:00
Yeah, no, he'll probably, man, he'll probably be managing a few brands. To be honest. I know my guy. I've recommended to him or referred him to some friends, so he's probably managing five or six brands right now.

Speaker  227440:00
And within that role is he, like, helping with, like, creatives and, like, here's some scripts. And so

Speaker  228960:00
he'll be on top of, like, what's trending right now, and he'll make sure the creators are trained up on it. Stuff is always changing. You know, you have the AI stuff that's popping right now. You have Canvas slides well, you know, at one point it was like these nurses doing slide shows that did now that's, you know, completely gone. They've transitioned to a new like theme. So your manager should be pretty aware of what the trends are and be able to, you know, my manager comes to me all the time like, Hey, there's this new model that's working pretty well. You want to run with it. What's working well? He swears by the All right, here we go. Fuck. Here. Here's a good one for you guys, a there is a software out there that can do AI generated podcasts. So it looks like a podcast, but it's, it's fake. It's two people, like my couch, kind of thing we're talking Yeah, it goes back and forth back. There's like a mic there. So it looks like a real podcast, but it's all AI, and apparently that's doing pretty well right now. So we're gonna give that a shot. I'm sorry. What is the site? Oh, let me see. Send it to me. I'll look it up. Anybody else have cool

Speaker  247717:20
tools, softwares they want to recommend at

Speaker  248309:20
a second question, real quick, if you don't mind, do you mind saying who the agency is that you're working with that helps recruit affiliates?

Speaker  250437:20
Yeah, so he's not helping recruit affiliates. He's training affiliates. So he has about 400 affiliates that he's training right now, and they're all, they have all either bought his course, it's like a $500 course, or they're paying him monthly to be in his little crew. So there's about four to 500 of them. They're really, really active, like I do. Calls with them every two weeks, and I get like 200 people in on my call, and they stay for like two hours just listening to me talk about my brand, my product, what's working, what's not, what to say, what not to say. So it's a very, very active group. So he already has a creator. He doesn't really, I mean, I guess he's recruiting them for you in regards to like, you know, how many do you need? Need to find a number. Yeah. So, yeah. So the group is called wealth builders. If you find their website, I'm not sure if it's searchable on Google or not. It's a terrible website. He knows it. But this community is 35 and up, and they've been great for me. Yeah, if you want a proper intro, just message me on Facebook and I'll set you up with an introduction. He's an old school guy. I don't know if you guys saw my presentation yesterday, but the slide where I show where I'm training everybody, it's me, and there's a guy with a cowboy hat, and that's the guy who you need to talk to. Randy hedge. You can find Randy hedge on Tiktok too. Search Randy hedge wealth builder.

Speaker  273823:59
Have you brought him any creators that just kind of plug into his system that you're like, they make good content. It could be better hooks and call actions

Speaker  275695:59
and stuff like that. So I do get a lot of people who still message me from the affiliate center, and it'll be like, Hey, I'm seeing so and so doing flash sales. How do I get in on this? Like, you have to be a wealth builder for that. So go join wealth builders and talk to me later. Okay, how many people in discord slide shows? It's anywhere from 40 to 50 at a time. And then the wealth builders. We actually don't do that. And discord, it's an app that they built because they're all older and they don't like discord. Yeah, is

Speaker  284506:40
anybody using an agency? They're on their tick tock. Lee, you're using? Aren't you an agency? Okay? Can we pass the mic to Lee? I want, I want to him to share his experience, because I know people want different approaches. So,

Speaker  289040:00
yeah, no, there's an agency I work with called lure there in the UK. They're both content creators for like, if you if you want to just make like, if you want to make their creative agency. And then they also have a Tiktok arm Hassan also uses them, and a few other people in MDS, and they're it's their systems are what I like the most. It's like they have good content. They're not as like well trained, honestly, but the the system of how they track each creator and kind of like the metrics, it's very, very seamless and clean, unlike what I would do, yeah, highly recommend. Yeah, that's good. Happy to connect anybody that wants a connection. That's been

Speaker  302122:40
the hardest part about working with some of these agencies. A lot of these agencies are ran by like, 20 year old kids. Yeah, you know, they want these huge retainers, then a management fee, and then it's just so, like, everywhere, like, there's no source of where you can see, like, where, how well everyone's doing. Are they even posting? Like, who are the guys you even hired? You know? So that sounds Yeah, I'll

Speaker  307696:00
tell you that. Like, I've been working with these guys for six months on one account, and they're, they're honest, they're not too expensive. What do they charge for this one account is six grand, okay, a month. That

Speaker  311397:20
includes all the videos and retainers. Yeah, cool and

Speaker  312261:20
then. But they're also like that, but like they also negotiate, like, a percentage if they hit certain goals. So again, they're negotiable. They're they're young and they're hungry. They really want to work with as many brands as possible. They're, they're, they're, like a blue or yeah and just yeah, good, good people. The

Speaker  317994:40
ug the AI that's doing the podcast is synthetic ugc.com synthetic

Speaker  319514:40
UGC. Dot com, any other softwares, tools, agencies, that anybody wants to vouch for that they're using.

Speaker  322592:00
It's called Real farm, R, E, E, L, dot farm as a farm. It's amazing for real farm, yeah, it's amazing for

Speaker  324000:00
like, trendy like me, based content, the AI is so good. Like you just tell

Speaker  325792:00
it. The sort of problem spacer, and it creates, like, really

Speaker  327093:20
engaging, funny, like, meantime, awareness, content, super easy,

Speaker  328581:20
recommended. And then you're doing a slide show. Ai

Speaker  329061:20
version of it, too. Anybody else? Whoa, Jason, we passed the mic leak. Don't fall asleep in the

Speaker  330517:20
mic. Oh, real dumb.

Speaker  331242:40
Whoa.

Speaker  331754:40
Alright, so there's two that we're firing up this week or next week. One is called refunnel. And what re funnel does is content capture. I think it was probably initially built for Instagram, but it takes all the stuff that's on Tiktok or on Instagram, and you know, whether it's a shoppable video, or they mention your name, your brand name, or tag you in any way, and it kind of lets you capture content, lets you do usage rights. For those of you that care about that, you can, you know, one click Get usage rights. And then the big idea is to pull it in be able to quickly see who are your best creators. And then there's, you know, kind of the contest page that you can build out and invite your top creators to, you know, your target collab, you know, contest, all that fun stuff. So I think it kind of simplifies a lot of this stuff that might be just a little harder to do if you don't like the Tiktok UI and go into a million different screens. The other big challenge that we had was profit tracking, right? So we all know, at a macro level, tick tock is phenomenal, but we were trying to figure out, you know, where's the profitability on the channel? And this is super early. It's not there yet. But Fernando, who just spoke today, has a tool called have HQ, I think might be the name of it. Isn't that his tool? Yeah. So he's working on a, you know, for those of you that know, like solo board or sellerize a tool like that that Kat pulls in all of your Tiktok cost, and you can see your real bottom line, and you can add in manual expenses if you want. So still working out some kinks on that one, but that's one that I'm starting to look at every day just to kind of see where the numbers are, the real kind of bottom line numbers,

Speaker  357152:00
Hive, Hive,

Speaker  357504:00
HQ, it's Fernando, yeah, yeah, it

Speaker  358821:20
does, and includes samples, ads, affiliate, rate if you want to plug in, you know, retainers for creators, yeah. Again, it is early. I will say that. Well, Fernando knows this stuff, so we know that. I know he's it's been a good product so far

Speaker  363162:40
five So, h, i, v, e, H, Q,

Speaker  364170:40
should I transition to next sub topic? This was that was more of without doing the whole change. There wasn't so the beginning was like, kind of like getting started. This is more of like, I'm doing it. I'm struggling, and I need to scale this thing. So like, how are you shipping orders? How are you forecasting inventory, how are you handling all these issues? And, I mean, yeah, start us off. Alex,

Speaker  370816:00
yeah. So I have a question for you guys that are doing Tiktok, who's handling your customer service? Do you have bas doing that, and if so, are they using a VPN, or are you just letting them Log

Speaker  376869:20
In? Doesn't really matter. It's just your

Speaker  380186:40
main account. Ah, so a separate users, usually you can add a VA from the Philippines as a separate user.

Speaker  381882:40
Cool, I just learned something

Speaker  382394:40
new. Look at that.

Speaker  383082:40
Awesome. Um, how about inventory? I mean, I haven't figured it out. I'll be honest. It's just really hard to figure out how much to order. And, you know, Jason figured it out. Virality, Jason hasn't figured it out either. Who's figured it out?

Speaker  386672:00
Well, I'll say, I'll say this way, what we realized is that we have a pretty big supplier issue, right? Because we had all of our ACE our hero skews with one supplier. That was dumb. So now we're fixing that. From a fulfillment perspective, we were doing MCF, and that's egregiously overpriced for this platform. So we're moving our hero skills over to FBT. Eventually, we might use a three PL for all of it, but right now, we're one by one kind of moving the top ones over to FBT, which has made our life a lot simpler. But yeah, from from a forecasting perspective, I think what we're, the way we think about it, is we're, we're really, only, you know, really going hard on our hero products. So even if it doesn't pop on tick tock, it's going to sell on Amazon anyway. So we're just betting big and just ordering more crap because we're tired of stocking out. That's not a very scientific answer, but, yeah. That's I would rather have too much inventory than lose 200 grand a month, like we're doing now because of stock outs.

Speaker  403200:00
So we're in a fortunate position to have clients, but also have our own brand, and also we're a manufacturer, so from the manufacturer perspective, we've had either our products or clients products go viral about nine times, and each time we were in production the next day. Now that's hard to do. It's impossible to do if your supplier is in China, right? It's hard to do if your suppliers in the US, what we advise our clients who are either in the Tiktok space or social media space in general, use one a fairly standard formula so that the ingredients or whatever are readily available. Use a fairly standard packaging, so that the jar, the lid, the bag, the bottle, the whatever it is is readily available, and be prepared to shift if you have to for so, for instance, we had a client went super viral on a product that was in a blue jar. White Label, blue writing, I think, white cap. So that particular thing he needed, like, I can't remember, 50,000 units overnight, essentially, how many 103,000, units overnight, those blue jars weren't available. That's not a readily available jar. So what we were able to do the next day

Speaker  429242:40
is spray paint jars.

Speaker  430090:40
We put it in a white jar, a giant blue label. Got the label manufactured to do it overnight, a giant blue label. So still looked like it was the same. Packaging looked almost identical, different color cap. But if you're if you know you're going to be doing this, make sure, if you can have a US supplier, have a US supplier, and then make sure you're using something that's somewhat standard, readily available packaging of some sort that. And if you've got a good supplier that you're working with who's willing to be flexible, change the schedule on demand, because that's important, that have that particular kind of kind of supplier, that's what I would say.

Speaker  441029:20
Yeah, that's good. That's good stuff. Yeah, I

Speaker  441461:20
like it. Parker, go.

Speaker  442613:20
What I tell everybody, regardless of if they manufacture with Chris or not, is you're gonna stock out twice, and that's what you should plan on. So if you're gonna launch something on Tiktok, you're gonna stock out the first time because you hit and it's now gone. Now you have no frame of reference as to how much you need, so you over order, but not by quite much, and you'll stock out on that second time because you're still hitting because you're repeating the same thing that made you hit in the first place. So that gives you a better frame of reference as to what you need on a three or six month supply. So no matter what you plan with, basically stocking out twice and now knowing what you need on a regular interval,

Speaker  453280:00
is it? So is it possible to avoid stocking up the second time? So far, I

Speaker  454245:20
haven't had anybody not stack out the second time. I've never seen anybody not do that. I like you're hedging somewhat because of certain concepts. You're repeating what you did that made it go viral the first time, and therefore stock out and blah, blah, blah. And ideally, you have it fast enough that you can do that and you're not waiting three months. But a second time still doesn't give you a frame of reference as to how much you need. Oh, sorry, it gives you the frame of reference, but you didn't order enough. So therefore now your third time, you've ordered enough, and then ramp up after that point should be steady, so you don't stock out again

Speaker  463898:40
on the just to add something to that on the products that we had that were our own brands that went viral, we were in production the next day, and this is a pain in the ass, and not easy for everybody to do, but we switched everything to fulfill by merchant, and we were fulfilling 10,000 orders a day. Yeah. Now you have to be prepared to do that. But you know what, we didn't miss out on an additional 110,000 units that we wouldn't have sold. So though that's a pain in the ass, we called in temps, we bought packaging, we did all the stuff. And though that was a pain in the ass, it was a lot of sales, and it was worth the pain in the ass. Yeah,

Speaker  473861:20
it's worth it in the end, right?

Speaker  474501:20
Have a plan.

Speaker  475221:20
The other thing too, that, like, the bright side of all of this is normally, as Amazon sellers, the idea of stocking out is like, freaking nightmare, right? Because when we stock out, the first thing we think is like, Oh, I'm like, all that work I did to get to where I'm at. Rank wise. Dollars is gone. As soon as I'm back in stock, I'm not going to be anywhere near Amazon. Hate stockouts, right? I'm about to relaunch. How do I reset a honeymoon period? That shit don't matter anymore. Doesn't matter anymore. The second you're back in stock, you'll have your rank back, you'll have your badges back, you'll be back. So stockouts don't matter. So for the first time, as an Amazon seller, you can be excited about stockouts. Jason says, Tell like, someone who knows nothing about Amazon sold out. I'm so stressed. And they're like, Well, congratulations, man. Like, no, you don't understand. I'm screwed. Now you can finally, like, take those pats on the back.

Speaker  490565:20
Who has an operational issue that they'd like to solve. I do or Tiktok

Speaker  492458:40
about my issue. We do your issue.

Speaker  493498:40
So here's a cool situation that I'm in right now. So everyone should keep in mind. So Tiktok is, you know, their customer service isn't the best. So if you have an issue, it might take a while to get resolved, so maybe somebody

Speaker  496896:00
can help you here. Yeah, very tight.

Speaker  497776:00
But if I have a product that is technically off of the affiliate board, so it can't be tagged in new videos, it can still get sales because it's still tagged in old videos, so I'm still able to run ads to it, which is great. But I also figured out a little hack where, if you create flash so people can't go live with the product unless you give them flash sales. So if you give them flash sales, they can still go live, so your product can still sell. So instead of losing out on all my sales for the day. I'm still we're still selling like 200 today with just flash sales. It's kind of cool little hat to know if that ever happens to you, you're off the affiliate board, but your product's still available to sell. Light up those flash sales. Get your live team on it. We

Speaker  511450:40
didn't really talk much about live

Speaker  512234:40
question. Pass the mic, okay. Oh, you got this Parker. Don't, yeah.

Speaker  513808:00
Oh, the fumble. He's a soccer player. Yeah, he doesn't use those hands.

Speaker  515248:00
So I have a question, but first I have a chip about the inventory. I was talking the table today about the inventory and when you need to buy more inventory, and then you do, maybe gonna double inventory. You can negotiate your supplier, depending on the supply they do, which this happened to me, for example, I'm not talking about 100,000 units, of course, but, like, I don't know, 5000 units, it's what you expect to sell. You can negotiate to have like, eight to 10,000 units mage, and then you don't pay anything, and then 100% of 5000 units sent to you. You pay this this amount. So you don't need to pay 8000 or 10,000 events. So they have this major ready. So if you need really quick. It just says 3000 more or 5000 more that's already done. So you save probably 30 to 40 days on that. Another chip, of course, that I do this is there's one do all the time, is packaging. So you talk about the package that's really important, sometimes the products kind of ready, and then the packs take 30 days, so double the packaging. So okay, I want to 5000 units, 10,000 package. So 5000 is done. So I get 5000 later, quickly, because already done. That's not 100,000 but like helps if you're going to do a project for 5000 units. Another question for you. Talk about the Tiktok yesterday, I was really inspired about that, because I have a lot of different products. Hard for me to do only one products. I'm gonna choose one as a hero, of course. But, like I had IG, I don't know if you have a G dash for the first on the live for the first product that you do 80% or kind of giveaway, I told you, have some cheap products that I can do that. It's pretty cool. So what idea on do dat, for example, let's do, let's say I'm gonna do three days of life a week, or four times, like, let's say two times I do one product. That's a percentage, one the first nine minutes that you said, and two days I do another product. So that will be cool. Have a dash, maybe, to have variety, how different, variety of

Speaker  550933:20
giveaways you're talking about, the traffic driver, yes, truck driver, 80% off in the first 10 minutes. Try to get as many sales you can. So you're, you're wondering if it's a good idea to use different traffic drivers on different days. Yeah, if you ever did

Speaker  555354:40
it, yeah, okay, I saw every did that. Okay, yeah, that's

Speaker  556266:40
fine. It's fine. Yeah, that's a little variety. Your creators are gonna love that. Yeah, I always think about that. It doesn't have to be the same traffic driver ever, yeah. I just

Speaker  558522:40
always think tick tock. It's like whatever works is what you stick with the most, though, right? Yeah, but

Speaker  559786:40
what you're. You, what you're trying to do is just juice up that live for the hero product for the rest of the live. So the traffic driver is just, that doesn't matter, yeah, but yeah. I mean, if it's if, yeah, Eugene's Right. Like, if that traffic driver is working really, really well. Like, why? Why change it up? Unless you're, like, running out of them. You don't have any more. You want to try something else. That's fine. We were talking

Speaker  565445:20
about debt inventory. I think traffic, driver, debt inventory, it's a great way to move that inventory. Yeah, if

Speaker  566933:20
you need to move debt inventory, or if you have another brand, like sometimes the giveaways too. The giveaways are really good for just keeping people in the room. So if you have another brand, you can give create. Creators can tag multiple brands in their lives. So if you have another brand, you have product you need to get rid of, like I have these coconut bowls. They have kind of nothing to do with my supplement, but for some reason, people love them, and we use those as giveaways in my supplement lives, anything

Speaker  574266:40
free they like, yeah. So I have a question really quick about the followers. So I don't know if you matter that much, but you have been gaining followers in the branch, tick tock, after all these lives and stuff.

Speaker  577472:00
Yeah, I haven't even been monitoring that. It's a good question. They did just roll out a new feature for your brand account where you could offer coupons if they follow you. So check your seller account. That's a new deal. You'll see the little new banner next to it, so you can give people like a buck off, or two bucks off if they follow you. So that's a pretty cool feature that think just came out like two or three days ago. Subscriptions is rolling out too. Check your account for that you can create, Subscribe and Save, and you can set a separate commission on the first sale. So if a creator generates a subscription, you can give them a little bit more. You can't give them recurring commission yet, though, nice.

Speaker  590586:40
Have you found would Are you doing anything with the coupons? Or, I'm sorry, the Commission's lowering the commission when you're do a spark ad, yeah,

Speaker  594016:00
yeah. So creators got pretty pissed off about

Speaker  594816:00
Yeah, that was question a question B was, are they pissed? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  595840:00
So they got mad at the beginning because all these brand owners slashed to 1% without without telling anybody, right? And then they already have these QR these QR codes, QR codes, Spark codes, and they're just running with it. And so people felt like they got kind of ripped off. And they're probably right, you know, they did get ripped off. There was no transparency. So the creators that I work with in the wealth builders group, they kind of have that bad taste in their mouth. They're like, I'm never given a brand, my QR, my spark code, ever again. But I'm kind of like telling them, like, Hey, listen. Like, yeah, 1% that's bullshit. But I do 15% on ads, 30% on organic, and I just tell them like, hey, like, if you want more views and you want to maybe potentially help going viral, like, I need to run ads to your to your video. So would you rather just not give me your spark code and not get exercise? It's free money. Like, just, they're they're coming around to it, and I believe everyone's coming it'll be a standard where you know you have to offer something. Can't be 1% 5% if that's comfortable, 10% but

Speaker  613488:00
I guess, if you have a use case right where it's like, this person wouldn't let me run their spark ads, this is how much they made. This person did run Spark ads, and even a lesser commission,

Speaker  616133:20
you can even test it with them just like, hey, give me one of your spark codes. And don't give me one of your spark codes on this other video. And let's see what happens, and you'll convince them really quick. Yeah, I

Speaker  619013:20
want to focus on PPC, just ads, because we haven't really talked about are

Speaker  620586:40
all the videos that you're posting on your account? Are they shoppable videos? Are you doing some without the product link?

Speaker  622650:40
Yeah. So we're just starting to experiment with not posting, not tagging, because of Rafa's presentation that he did a mogul call. So if you haven't seen that yet, that's in the MDS app. And then he did a really good presentation today that kind of like had another layer on top of that mogul call. And so, yeah, there's a pretty interesting funnel process in Tiktok. And so the awareness content where you can basically, you're just trying to get that view, try to drive that awareness. And then what's the second one consideration? So those are two top of funnels, type of ad content that you're going type of content that you're not going to link, is

Speaker  634069:20
there, like a ratio for that awareness? So

Speaker  635109:20
four to one for consideration and awareness. Content, one shop, 80% Yeah.

Speaker  638394:40
Hey, what's up, Alex, I just wanted to add to kind of what you were talking about. Spark codes. Do you still need? Yeah, because I feel like you could just use their, their, like, a Tiktok ID from the video, and just run Spark on itself if it if they have, like, the ad authorization on, yeah,

Speaker  642896:00
if they have it on, okay, a lot of them don't want to turn it on, because it turns it on for every brand, okay, so that's for on the affiliate side. So an affiliate is usually not posting about just you every single day. On the Creator side, someone that is posting about you every single Yeah, they should turn it on right, because it's just your brand that they're talking about. Cool.

Speaker  648917:20
Anything else, like, about like ads, because I was the whole GMV Max thing was a big thing, like, well, what's happening right now in the world of ads?

Speaker  650517:20
Yeah, GMV Max is getting better. I know that it is getting better. But, yeah, I can't wait for the day where you can run manual ads and same time the whole

Speaker  653738:40
swapping them on and off. I remember if you were saying, you turn them off, select one product, turn it back on. Is that still a thing? Or

Speaker  655194:40
I haven't played around with I know Brooks was playing around with, yeah, he was talking about anybody else. I mean, like

Speaker  656368:00
you had, you were doing a lot with ads. Now,

Speaker  656848:00
we tried GV max for a while, but at first it's good, and it seemed like after like three or four days, the rise decreases and increases as well. So like, I had to go back to manual settings to get my ads running again. Yeah,

Speaker  662997:20
yeah. I definitely think there is a more sophisticated way to do ads that I don't quite have a grasp of yet, to be honest, but I think, yeah, I think manual is going to be very important. It's got to be a way to do i
