Scott Deetz_1_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey, how's everybody doing? All right, here we go. So what we're gonna go through today, who here has either exited already thinking about exiting or would like to exit someday? Okay, good, so I don't have to convince you on that side of things. What I'm going to do is I'm going to take about six months worth of work that we have done on three live deals, compress it down into 25 minutes, and try and help you understand where value lies in each one of your businesses. So let's get started. So the first thing to be aware of is, where is value going to come in your business? And we've done this with, you know, dozens and dozens of deals that we've done, 80% of the value that you're ever going to get out of your company is comes when you exit. That's to do with tax advantages. You're always reinvesting in inventory. You're always trying to grow your brand. So even when everybody says, oh, there's no exits to be had anymore, the goal doesn't change. It's how you achieve that goal that needs to change. Go ahead next. But the second part of this that most people don't realize is that 80% of the value that you'll get from the exit actually comes from value that you create on what I call deal value creation. It's not just getting better at PPC or getting better at optimizing your listings. It's strategic transactions that you make along the way. So what we're going to go through today is we're going to go through three different types of transactions, one at the beginning of the journey, one at the middle of the journey, and one at the end of the journey. And we'll show you how value got created. So there's actually 280 20 rules. But how many people here are focusing on deal value working on their business compared to getting caught up in the day to day. The amount of work that you're spending is probably not leading to where the most value is going to be created. Okay, so next, so the first one is forming a joint venture with three different partners. Okay, so who here is aware of a partnership that somebody formed that didn't go well, or got into a partnership that didn't go well yourself? Okay? We've all heard the horror stories, right? So what we did is we had a client, three people coming together, $50 million business opportunity, and they came to us and said, We want to form it right from the beginning. How do we go about doing that next? So here's what we did, hit next four more times. So we started with, what are the objectives? The objective number one was they wanted to be equal partners. Economically. They each had different skill sets, but they had one original founder. Okay, so what they did is they went to the original founder and they said, who's gonna evolve to ultimately have majority control over this company? And we designed a structure so that the voting rights didn't follow the economics, so that they could be equal economically, but still have one person, the original founder, be in control of the entity. And we got the entity properly funded at $100,000 each per member. So they started with $300,000 before they even got going on the business. And then to protect the minority shareholders, what we did is we created what's called Super voting rights, so that you can't go sell the company with one vote only. You need to at least have two out of the three. Now the importance of all of this is just that we had three different people. They didn't know how to come together, how the answers are for you may be different, but the point is, is that you do need to have answers to these next so here's what we designed, go ahead next. The do's that we did is we designed it right from the beginning, and we had courageous conversations up front. Okay, most people try not to, you know, yeah, I don't want to be uncomfortable. Are you going to stick around? How much money are you putting in northbound? Essentially helped them have the right conversations. And they learned a lot about each other as partners. They learned who was risk averse, they learned who was not risk averse, those different types of things. And then the third thing that we did is we made sure that the company had enough capitalization in order to be able to succeed. Second thing that we did, if you go next on the don'ts, is we didn't put off the conversations. Otherwise, you get to meet with me on how to dissolve a partnership, of which I've now done a half a dozen of them this year alone, people that got into bad partnerships that have come to us to help them resolve them. We got into business with people I always say, don't hire or bring on a partner. If you can't fire them, you have to be able to have honest conversations and don't make assumptions. I can't tell you how many times I see 5050, partnerships that don't work out. If you ask an investment banker like myself. What's the hardest partnership to make work? It's a 5050, partnership. There is no merger of equals, so don't assume that just because you have two people, you're bringing equal value into the particular business. Next, how we designed it? Who here has heard of something called an operating agreement? Okay? Operating? Agreement is what governs the company. What we did at northbound is we said people don't understand operating agreements. They're legal documents. They don't want to deal with them. So what we designed instead, and if you want these templates, I'll show you how you can get them. At the end, we walked through on one Excel sheet, top to bottom, these are all of the key decisions that you need in order to form a three way partnership. We covered what's the purpose of the business. We covered how the stock is going to be allocated. We covered sensitive topics, like, you're not going to be able to get out of your stock, but you're not going to have to put more money in. We designed what are called, call rights, and put rights and how we're going to get liquid. And we designed all of the other types of things that you had. And we did it all on a series of 290 minute meetings. Then we had a third 90 minute meeting where we said, okay, it's decision time. Does everybody agree that these are going to be the rules of the game? So if you're interested in doing it right, you have to have these conversations. And rather than doing it in a 30 page legal document, you can do it from a one page spreadsheet, get all of the partners aligned, and then go hand that over to the lawyer next. So the first thing that we did is we got all of the business terms aligned to a financial model. The other thing that's really important about a financial model is knowing how big is this company going to get. Because the Partner A is excited to build a $2 million business, and Partner B wants to design a $50 million dollar business, we better have that conversation up front. So step one, we outline what's the potential of this business. Step two is we took that one page Excel spreadsheet, we turned it into a three page term sheet, written in English, but going through all of the different details. And when we went through that term sheet, there were certain questions that came up, hey, what happens is, if the majority voting person dies or is disabled, who takes over the company? And the answer is the other two partners, okay, what we don't want to do is have it get handed off to the majority owners family member that knows nothing about the business. So we identified all of those decisions up front, and then only then we went and we crafted an operating agreement and a subscription agreement for everybody to put their money in. Okay. The key takeaways are, this, your current or next partnership doesn't need to be the structure that I just said, but it does need to be a structure. Okay. The second one is, no matter how fast you grow, you're going to need capital. If you're in a hyper growth company and you've got realistic designs to get to be worth 8 million, you need to think about your capitalization strategy. The best partnerships, I always say they're aligned on values, but they have different skill sets. There's no reason partnering with somebody that knows what you know. Otherwise, you're a room full of plumbers. Okay, you can't get a very good house built that way, but you do need to be aligned on your values. You need to align on both your dollar contributions and you need to align on your time contributions. One of the key things we spent the most time on was, what other business interests do people have? Because everybody's got busy lives, and how much work are you going to be putting into this particular venture versus everything else that you're going in life? And get everybody signed up to the same boat. Number one reason why partnerships fail is people spend time on things outside of the partnership to piss off the people in the partnership. Okay? So get everybody aligned on their time commitment. And then there was the final takeaway, was the comfort and confidence of the three shareholders, knowing that they went through the process right, and that there wasn't going to be a gotcha down the road of just knowing that if we're going to go build something worth eight figures, that we put a little bit of time in up front to make sure that we're all aligned that way, a little bit of preparation time points us to where we're going to go. So that's the first one. If you don't have an operating agreement right now and you have a partner in your business, I strongly encourage you to talk to us. We can help you set one up. The second one was in the scale phase. So what we had was, we had a business that was successful, had reached a certain level of valuation, wanted to get some liquidity and go to the next level. So here's what we did. We brought on a strategic investor and an advisor into the company. Here were the objectives. We wanted to get a half a million dollars of outside capital into the company. We wanted to ensure that a strategic leader, think of it as like a chief growth officer, was going to be aligned long term with the company, and the owner wanted to get some money out of the company, about $350,000 so here's what we did. The first thing we designed was, what's the valuation on the company? As you can see, we took the last six months earnings. We doubled it. We took a six multiple. We had a $9 million valuation on the company. We took 350,000

Speaker  156106:40
of it that went to the owner themselves. 150,000 went into the business. So they were able to get $150,000

Speaker  158074:40
into their business. Get $350,000 interestingly enough, to diversify into real estate, so that they had the ability to. Start getting some of their assets out and working outside their business, and they gave up 5% of their company. Okay, so everybody thinks that an exit is, I have to sell 100% of my company. Now you might say, Scott, I don't want to only get 350,000 we did one, another one where we got that number was $2 million and somebody, they brought $2 million they got to get it into their me account, and then what they got to do is they only gave up 10% of the company, okay, got a $20 million valuation on a company, sold 2 million let the rest of it ride to continue to grow the company. So what I'm trying to open your eyes to is many people, when they think about exiting, they think about, oh, I've got to go all the way along the journey and sell 100% of it. And for many, if not most people, that will not be the case even upon your last exit. And we'll talk about that in the next transaction. But not a bad deal for the founder, because they got some liquidity and they can grow the company. Gave up very little equity. Then what we did is they said, We need to align this person for the next three years to grow the company. So what we did is we set up another 12% equity, okay, that the person could earn in so this investor coming in could end up with 17% equity in the company, but all of it is based on achieving 50% above the historical growth rate that's already been achieved. So 100% of the stock that we're giving away is accretive to the owner. And accretive is simply the easiest way that I always explain accretion is that if you have a you know, there's the old joke about a five year old boy swallows a nickel, goes to the doctor, they do the Heimlich, and he coughs up a quarter. And the mother asks, What should I do? And the doctor says, Keep feeding them nickels. Right? Okay, that's accretion. So we're gonna give up 17% of our stock, but we're only giving it up if growth rates go up, that our value is going up by 25 to 30% so now, what did I do? I brought in a seasoned growth officer that could scale my business to the next lever, move it to different channels that I wasn't able to do. I got the liquidity off the table. I used the $150,000 to pay the consulting fee that I have to pay. So it didn't cost the business any cash flow to do that, and the only equity that I give up starts giving away once I've achieved 50% higher than the growth that I'm already achieving on my own. Once again, I don't know if this is the transaction for you, but I want to open your eyes that as you're thinking about scaling teams, sometimes the best people you can bring into your company aren't just somebody that says, Oh, I can do a whole bunch of great things for you, because I worked at Procter and Gamble, it's somebody that says, I'll put a half a million dollars into your company because I believe in the vision, and that can be something that can be very much aligning for you, how we did it was a very similar process. We started with an Excel spreadsheet that out signed the terms to keep it very, very simple. Then we went to the term sheet, and then we had three agreements here. We had a subscription agreement that captured the investment. We had a purchase agreement that captured the purchasing of the shares from the founder, and we had an advisory agreement that captured the vesting of the equity percentage so that everything was aligned there. Once again, this process took about 45 days to get completed, but it allowed somebody to get the next level leadership into their company while getting some liquidity off. Okay, key takeaways, you can get liquidity and investment dollars into your company. It's not one or the other. Most people tend to think that if I'm going to bring on an investor into my company, all the money needs to stay in the company. And that is not true. You can do partial cash outs along the way, linking the vesting to 50% above growth was critical, because it allowed the founder to say, I'm not giving away any of the $9 million that I created. I'm only giving away a percentage of everything that's going to be valued above 9 million. We brought in a strategic leader that elevated the company, and we brought in the money so that they're paying for the expense of that contract that we have. We've locked up this strategic leader, but here's a key one. We designed an exit parachute so that if it's not working after 12 months, we can rescind the deal and we can literally unwind the transaction. Who here has heard about somebody that brought in a big wig and paid them a lot of money and it didn't work out too well? Okay? Well. Okay, well, now you gave them a bunch of equity. How do I do that? What we did is we designed the Unwind of the equity before they put in the money. And the way we did that is something called a convertible note. So we set up a 12 month convertible note. If the note doesn't convert into equity, it just unwinds the deal. So we get to try before we have to buy. And then the last thing is, just to be aware of some of you in this room could qualify for deals like that. Okay, so there's something called consulting for equity. So you sell your business, you're doing really, really well. You may want to be on the other side of this and say, You know what, if I want to or. Earn a significant amount of equity in a business, and I'm willing to come with a little bit of dollars, I can leverage up my equity, because, from the advisors perspective, for $500,000 they have an opportunity to get a 17% interest in a company that is targeted right now to go to a $30 million valuation before exit. Okay, if they weren't coming with some dollars, it'd be very hard to negotiate that side. So you can do this on either side of it, if you become an expert in your field. And so I just want to put that out there for some of you. You might be wondering, after I exit my business, what do I want to do next? It may very well be things like this, so that you can get into multiple business opportunities and have an opportunity to earn equity. Last one that we'll go through,

Speaker  252650:40
who here believes that the average multiple right now for Amazon business is around two and a half to three and a half, right? Okay, well, I want to walk you through an exit that we just completed. It's a 5x multiple for a 95% Amazon business. Okay, so it is still possible out there, and I'll show you here what it needs to look like in order to have that happen and a $10 million exit. Okay, so first of all, here's the value of omni channel in today's marketplace. Million dollar company here, million dollar EBITDA. There similar margins, similar repeat buyers. That one is a D to C Company, 6.2 multiple. This is an Amazon company 3.5 multiple. Okay, that's the reality of what's going on in the marketplace today. This is a 2025 transaction. So that's how much lift is out there for you to go from Amazon only to D to C, and if you go somewhere in between, with Tiktok and some of the things that were talked about today, it can kind of slide. However, here's the key point. Is that there are Amazon concentrated businesses that still get premium multiples out there, and I'll show you one right now. So here's what our client wanted. They wanted, first of all to have an aligned partner who here that heard that an aggregator of two didn't do well, right? Okay, because they weren't aligned with you, right? They didn't know your business model. They brought in a bunch of Harvard MBA types that they thought that they could run Amazon businesses, and then they thought, You know what, I can get rid of the owner, because I'm a lot smarter. Okay, so the number one criteria for our client was, I want somebody that understands my business and has a high likelihood of continuing the success. The second thing that went right along with that is, I want somebody that understands my category. So think health and wellness. I want somebody that understands health and wellness. I don't want to have somebody that's in Home and Kitchen and a bunch of things that they don't understand. And I want a premium valuation for my company, because I believe that I deserve it, and I don't want to get caught in the two and a half to 4x Amazon exit cycle. And finally, this seller was on a great growth trajectory. They said, You know what, I want to take part in some of my growth, and I want to get paid multiple times over time, because there's no dollar amount that I could probably get right now that would reward me for my growth. So here's what we've got. We got a business, as you can see, that went from 7.6 million up to 11 point 1 million of net revenue, while at the same time, they were able to increase margin percentage from 15 to 21% okay, here's the key takeaway on that many people think that if you slow down on your product introductions and try and maximize your earnings, you'll get a higher value, and in today's market, that just is not the case. Your buyer is going to want to see growth in the pipeline. So if you think that you're going to get a higher multiple by pulling back on growth, most of the time, what happens is that you're going to level out a little bit. The buyer is going to notice that you don't have a bunch of new pipelines coming out, and they're not going to offer you a premium valuation. Okay? You're going to have to figure out a way, if you're on Amazon, to show continued growth, because that's what drives Amazon's long term success. So we've got some good financials, they've been able to grow. The second thing that we did then is we structured the deal, as you can see, 4.95 multiple okay? And we structured it so that they had three payment dates, 70% cash at closing. 10% was rolled equity, and it was going to get guaranteed to pay out in two years. So the growth rate we built in was a 25% growth rate. So what ends up happening is that they grow the business for a couple of years, they get a guaranteed ability to sell the other 10% and then the final one was a stock payment of 20% that they get to be able to get out in year three. Now, again, you might say to me, Scott, I don't want to have to put my payments out over time, right? What happens if my business goes down? My answer is, if your business flattens out, do you think you're going to get 4.9 Five multiple The answer is probably not right. So what we were able to do was ride the wave of what's going on. They had all of these products that were already in the pipeline, and essentially we designed a transaction structure so that they could stay around. They've got a minimum one year commitment so that they can hit that year two number. And if you look down in the lower corner there, you can't really see it, but it says 6.17 multiple, if all they do is achieve 25% growth for the next two years. The effective multiple that they sold their business with was a 6x multiple, or a $15 million exit. Okay, so this is an all Amazon company. They have about three or 4% on Tiktok right now, but what they decided to do was double down on being able to release things and stay very, very consistent with what they're doing. So if you are Amazon only, you saw my previous slide that says, if you can get multi channel, you'll get a natural lift. If you don't believe that your business is acceptable for multiple channel maybe of low price points, maybe you don't have recurring revenue. There is a market for you, but it has to be the market of today, not the aggregators of two or three years ago. So here's what we did. We did a full go to market package. The one thing I would show here is we both showed performance and forecasted growth. We spelled out the loi, all of the key terms, and we negotiate our Lois extremely heavy, so that by the time that we sign an LOI and go exclusive, all major legal terms have been defined. And then finally we have the definitive agreements, the operating agreement, the purchase agreement and the advisory agreement for them to stay on board. Here's the key takeaways, 4.95 multiple structured to go to a 6x multiple. 95% Amazon business can get a premium multiple. We're never going to get back to the six to 8x multiples of the aggregators. That was the one time gold rush. So if you're looking for that, you do need to be a true brand into business, not just a product company. Plan on staying for a year after the sale. Okay, I highlight this one because a lot of people think that I'm just gonna be able to sell and walk away. And if you are trying to set up a sell and walk away type of a business, it's going to cost you in your multiple and the reason why it's going to be is because the buyer is going to perceive more risk. More risk equals lower multiple. Rolled equity transactions are far more common now than when we were on the aggregator. All rolled equity means is that you're selling a portion of it today, and then you're going to sell a portion of it in a little bit a period of time. Now, if I'm doing a rolled equity transaction or an earn out transaction, we design rolled equity transactions eight times out of 10, because at least in a rolled equity transaction, you're going to get something if it's an earn out and you miss the target by a little bit. Who here has heard of somebody that thought they were getting a 6x multiple and they only got a four right? That doesn't happen in rolled equity transactions nearly as much, because you're actually always getting valued at some level, as opposed to all or none. And then the last thing somebody might say, Well, my business is growing at 35% Why should I exit? I say there's always two times that you can exit your company, okay? This says there's two times to sell your business. One is when it's going well, okay, and the second time to sell your business is when it's not going well and there's no buyers, which brings you back to what you're always selling when your business is going well at some point in the curve, otherwise, you're liquidating your business. You're not selling your business. So I got a few minutes left here, but here's the lesson learned and the takeaways that I want to have you think about. First of all, 21% of members, according to Eugene, are thinking about exiting or looking at, how do I go about it? There is a defined process for how you prepare to exit your business. Okay? It's called value creation planning. And every private equity company that we've ever worked with you, they cannot buy a business unless they create a value creation plan. So what we do when we help our clients is say, Well, why let them create the valuation plan and get the premium multiple? Why don't we work together and do value creation planning before you exit? So you start with your baseline, you identify your strategic plan and initiatives. You put together an operational plan, you put together a growth plan, you prep the business, and then you exit, and you focus not just on driving growth and driving revenue. You focus on driving value. And here's the difference between that, one of the number one things you can do to make your business more valuable has nothing to do with growth. It has to do with lowering the percent. Received risk of your business. Okay? So most people, when they think to sell their company, they want to get all excited and jump up and down and tell the buyer How great. Everything's gonna go on a sunny day. If you're a buyer, what do you care about? What happens if the rain comes? Do I have an umbrella? Do I have an insurance policy? So for many of you, the way to think about value creation planning is you're not just designing your business to be better, you're designing your multiple to be better. I want to repeat that what you should be doing is not just planning on how to make your business better, but how do I make my multiple better? That's valuation planning. And so if you're not thinking about how to drive your multiple up right now, that's something that we should talk about. So key action items and takeaways, there's these 280 20 rules. You're getting very busy every day, all day long. How much time are you putting toward planning your exit? Who here spends more than four hours a week planning their exit?

Speaker  416026:40
No, no. Raise your all your hands, one or two. Okay, so 80% of your value is going to come when your exit. And four hours a week you can't dedicate, or even two hours a week you can't dedicate toward it. Okay, start thinking about that being a part of what you need to be able to do. Second is always be ready to transact, because you may exit in strategies over time. And what I mean by ready to transact is I have my numbers in place. I know what the value of my company is. We gave away 5% of our company to that strategic investor In option number two. But if you notice what we did to the multiple, we moved the multiple up to the top of the market, and we found a strategic investor that was willing to pay a 6x multiple. So did we really give away any particular equity, or were we just ready to transact and bring somebody in that believed in a $30 million vision on a $9 million company? Okay, third, avoid the costly distraction and emotional toll of badly structured deals. If you're in a partnership and it's not going well, or if you're thinking about forming a partnership, think about a discipline process of forming a joint venture in a partnership, and address all of the items. I was talking with an MDS member last night, and we were talking about it, and they said, I wished I'd met you, Scott, before I ever formed this partnership, because I don't have the power over my own company, even though I'm bringing the majority of the value in the company. Remember that when you scale your company to success, you're not just solving your operational bottlenecks, but you're trying to solve your strategic bottlenecks. So if you think about what makes your company more valuable, it's things like, what is the moat around this business? What is my right to win? How do I dominate a niche? How do I dominate a category? How do I create a team so that a buyer looks at this and says, This thing just continues to hum and doesn't need constant maintenance. So start thinking about what strategically makes you more valuable, not just operational bottlenecks. And then lastly, and probably most important to me, as you can tell, I get pretty excited about this. I love talking about this. I spoke with a member this morning. We may have found a way to add over a million dollars to the value of their company in a 20 minute conversation, just by focusing on how they might be able to capitalize their innovation and not have it hit their P and L might be a way that we could drive another million dollars of value into the company. And I want to encourage everybody here to recognize that a life changing exit is out there for most businesses, all of the things that you have heard have been a one time flushing out of the aggregators and the hype leaving the system okay. But if I look at the members that are here in MDS, there are life changing exits that are out there for you. They might not look like what they look like three years ago. They might be 70% cash today and 30% in the future, they might be you selling 15% of your business and getting some liquidity. There's lots of different options out there, and you owe it to yourself to consider them. And finally, if you want help, and you want this a lot of times, this topic is pretty sensitive. People like to have it in private. You can email my at Scott at northbound group.com bill is here with me. He's right over there. We'll be here all the way through till Wednesday. If you're thinking about, how do I plan for a premium exit and you want to go about that process, think about the discipline of starting early rather than waiting until the end. As we say, you plant your crops in the spring to harvest in the fall, you don't just wake up in the fall and hope you can harvest them. So I've got two value adds. One of them is, is, if you want to see the redacted versions of each one of these transactions, and you say, God, it really be cool. I hear about this thing called an operating agreement on a partnership, but I don't really know what. It is, you can get a copy to it. Or if you say, Hey, I'd really like to understand a financial model that drives a minority investment, you can get an access to that, because I want to get you the information so that you design these things right. And finally, if you say, hey, I want to bring on a key person, but I don't know how to do a vesting equity program, you can see that as well. And then the second one is, I can do a one hour value strategy session with up to five people. It'll have to be about one a week, because we're incredibly busy right now. There's a lot of deals that are getting done right now and so but if you want to have that and say, Hey, I always like to do this for MDS members, spend an hour with you. We'll walk through exactly how I think about your business. We'll say, here's the weaknesses, here's the things that a buyer is going to be asking you, and you think of me as the buyer. So if you're interested in that again, first five people that email that Scott at northbound group, we just take them based on how fast people design them. And lastly, just want to say, thanks to MDs, you guys are great partners. Thanks to everybody in this room, a number of you, we've helped exit and change lives. And if you're interested in that, that's what I wake up every day and get excited about, other than family and friends. So thank you all for your time.

Speaker  501808:00
So before you say that a real brand can have multiple I get multiple, right? When do you? How can you define the real brand in terms of percentage of sales on Amazon and off Amazon?

Speaker  505285:20
Yeah. So I think if I understand the question correctly, it's what makes something a real brand versus just an Amazon company is that, did I hear the question correctly? Yeah. So here's the way to think about it. A real brand is got defensibility, okay? So if I'm thinking about it as a buyer, what I want to understand is what makes this brand defensible and have value long term. Okay? So it could be things like proprietary molds, okay? Differentiation in the marketplace, it could be we compete on audience, and we've got a 30% subscription rate, and we've built up an audience. So think about the first thing that you want to do is set your house in concrete, right? And get a good foundation. What separates a real brand is something that gives it differentiated advantage. And if you don't know that you have differentiated advantage right now because you're just optimizing on products on Amazon, that should be the clue to say, wait a minute, maybe I'm not a real brand. A real brand shows up in differentiation that a buyer would look at and say, this trend is going to continue. That's my definition. Still could be on Amazon, could be 90% Amazon, but it's a real brand on Amazon because it's got differentiated advantage to it. That's my working definition, because that's what a buyer, and that's my last comment I'll make, is think of your buyer as your ultimate customer, and if you solve the needs of your buyer, you'll be solving the needs and designing your egg. Thank you so much. You
