MDS Mogul Call with Scale Insights
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Eyes. No, it's just the taker. Do you know what happened with this post here? There's no, there's no comment button. It's just

Speaker  3536:00
got like, and sent the usual, isn't it the usual? And you can comment down below, oh, no, it's not. But I can comment. Yeah,

Speaker  5861:20
people did manage to comment, but I can't comment. I don't know why say. I don't know whether it says pending post or something or Yeah,

Speaker  7893:20
because and I posted it. I I don't know why.

Speaker  11253:20
Sometimes Facebook is funny, I guess, isn't it? Yes.

Speaker  15146:40
So how many MDS members are in scale? Insights, as far as you're aware, Daniel,

Speaker  16608:00
I think at least 8088, 088080 Yeah, yeah. I see about 80 accounts at least. Yeah,

Speaker  20288:00
okay, that's good, yeah, yeah, more

Speaker  20784:00
than 10% that's a lot. Yeah,

Speaker  21376:00
I think, I think that number can be higher.

Speaker  22501:20
I wonder how many of those are on the one Asin and below plan?

Speaker  23877:19
Oh, I think we got a mix. I would say we have like a, like a bell curve of people, like five ASINs, a lot of ASINs in the in the middle, be that, like 15 to 30 asin, something at it, yeah, yeah, okay.

Speaker  30154:40
Quite, if you just done a one Asin and last plan, it's quite, it's quite a good value, just a, just a good value, like tool and P L,

Speaker  32656:00
yeah.

Speaker  35680:00
Hey, Matt. Good, see me. Hey, Pina.

Speaker  36816:00
Good, how are you doing?

Speaker  37536:00
Yeah, cool man, just in Cyprus at the moment. Nice. Just gonna do the first the first like 510 minutes, and then the rest of the family is all having dinner. Nice,

Speaker  41701:20
yeah, now we moved back to us last week.

Speaker  43045:20
Did you catch the end of the ski season or not?

Speaker  43850:40
Yeah, I'm gonna, I went last weekend. I'm gonna get to go again this weekend. So got a few good runs in

Speaker  45274:40
nice man. I'm gonna start planning our family holiday for next year.

Speaker  46714:40
It's so much general skiing in Europe, though, like the US, is so expensive, like a single day pass that Vale was $197

Speaker  49296:00
the ski passes are the crazy in America. Yeah, like it's, it's nuts. I don't understand. Is it just like they're just making more profit, or great, I don't know. Like

Speaker  51904:00
when we lived there, we got a season pass because we can get, like, the Denver local, whatever pass icon pass, and that's like $1,200 for the whole year. So basically, just they convince everyone to buy a membership, even if they're only going to go once or twice. Because if you try and go during like Thanksgiving through Christmas, it's like 250, 300 a day per pass. Oh,

Speaker  59093:20
you've been skiing this year? Torsten,

Speaker  59466:40
yeah, we went to Austria once and tried my choice actually in spook that's work where we've got trials, and they've got heaps of ski results there. Nice, yeah, I'm actually in Canada at the moment. I'm I'm visiting mo so I'm in Ottawa since Sunday. Ma'am, it's bloody cold here as well. I was very good by Schwartz back in Germany, and now not back to snow.

Speaker  66960:00
So we've got, I was just trying to work out how many people might be on because we've got this eight, apparently, 8080, scale insights users in MDS. And I guess some people not on it. We'll still be interested in seeing, you know how you set up your rules and what you do. But actually, we've just, we've actually found that we had good results from the cannibalization rules to begin with. But actually now we started to lose ranking on a lot, so we're having to put them, put them back on. So yeah, I don't know, Matt, but we just, we set up some rules to pause ads when we're in pause ads when we're in the top four, organically, and it seemed to work well for a while, but now it's starting to, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe it's just because the total sales volume has dropped down or something, or we're letting competitors back in, but it seems to be dropping off. Now,

Speaker  81152:00
you gotta watch your weekly sales velocity. We've seen similar things. If your weekly sales velocity on that keyword is going down, even if it's just like natural search is going down for that keyword, sometimes we see a little bit of drops, but it there might be something else, because we don't see it that often, to be totally honest.

Speaker  87253:20
Yeah, because we've got, we've got, like, a good boost in tackles to begin with. But then the maybe because the overall sales going down or something, I don't know, but are they

Speaker  90533:20
turning back on again? Are they other routes turning back on again? Then when once you're dropping, that's the whole idea. Like, I mean, you're, yeah, you're pausing, and then they should come back back on straight away. Maybe that's not working,

Speaker  94442:40
yeah, maybe, maybe what's happening is we're not, maybe we're not just, we're not winning those places back like we would like to but yeah, I got answer. I just had a quick call to answer, and I got into I told him to send me a detailed message about it. I'll let you know what's going on.

Speaker  98544:00
Check the change log and just filter for only those two rules that they're on and off, and then you can they should be fairly equal, because it is obviously a play off, on and off. Yeah? If you've got, if you've got a lot of offs and almost no ons anymore, then probably something is not working, yeah, potentially, yeah.

Speaker  105925:20
So I was telling you before Torsten Katie's always going into the PPC finding stuff that's wrong. Yeah, it's important. I don't know if anyone has a scare, if anyone has a PPC account where you couldn't just go on and find stuff that's wrong all the time, right? Because you can't, you can't have everything perfect. It's not possible. So I'm not sure whether I'm being too defensive say, no, it's actually pretty well run. Or if she's actually right, and there are things that need to change. So this is why it'd be good to have one of your guys go for it, independent. Say, what, see? What? Yeah, I've,

Speaker  115584:00
they're back today after eat, and I've already asked Daniel, he will, he will have a look. And we've always, I've just built like a new dashboard in the in the lookout, if you go into that Jamie, it's called like outlier dashboard. It's actually pretty cool. It just gives this high, high level view of whether things have missed or not. I can also walk you through next but once I'm back in Germany. But I also want to have this sort of, this sort of snapshot of, okay, what are sort of non standard metrics, right? That are more aligned to maybe something has been forgotten, or something that are more like outliers, that's also like a good and then as a benchmark against others? Yeah, yeah, check that out. It's quite outlier when you log into the dashboard. But

Speaker  127578:40
what, Matt, would you say it's more or less true, even in a well run PPC account, anyone could just go in and find stuff that's wrong.

Speaker  129312:00
I mean, we ran a PPC agency. No matter what account you give me, I can find stuff that's wrong. Like, I mean, it's, it's bound to happen. I think if, if you're a lot of people set up rules or AI and kind of set it and forget it, like a lot of stuff kind of falls through those cracks if you aren't paying attention. But it, I mean, I don't think there's anything that's a perfect PPC, like plan. I mean, it's just not capable of happening right now.

Speaker  138885:20
Yeah, maybe in like two or three years time, you'll be able to just click a button and do it, but

Speaker  139946:40
I think, I mean, we're getting there with a lot of the AMC stuff that you can do, and how we can see, like multi touch point attribution and what's happening, and that's making a huge difference in how we're optimizing our sponsored products. And then the new AMC, like audience bid modifiers on sponsored products is massive. Like, if you aren't running those, I would highly, highly recommend doing

Speaker  146496:00
it. Oh, that's where you use AMC to have like audiences. And then you like, so for example, like, it's what you're the people who added to cart and stuff like that. And then there's the custom audiences, yeah, yeah, because

Speaker  149605:20
you have, you have an AMC instance, we created one for you last year.

Speaker  151237:20
Yeah, I need to go to get back on that. And I think bid X created something for me there as well. Being on my list to do two week holiday is going to massively mess with my Things To Do list, so I was just, it always seems like before I go on holiday, I'm just beginning to get like, 90% caught up, and then I go away and it just all, it all completely falls apart again. That's also the beginning of the quarter as well, when I'm supposed to be setting rocks and pressure on goals and doing meetings. But because of the kids, holidays like this is the best time. Is the best time for us to go away, because our kids are at private school. We have a little window if we go on holiday, as soon as they break up, we get this. We get the holidays like so much cheaper. It's cool. I'm going to see I'm going to see all the Cypress MDS guys on Friday, which is going to be fun. And then we're staying in nachos. We're staying in nachos House next week while his family are going to be a minor so that should be cool.

Speaker  167893:20
Are you actually going to Cyprus? I'm

Speaker  168389:20
in Cyprus now. Yeah, you're in Cyprus already. Okay, that's why you and Daniel, in five minutes or so, you and Daniel are gonna have to fly solo, because I've ordered my food and I'm gonna have to go downstairs.

Speaker  171578:40
Have you met Lucas as well? Yeah,

Speaker  172170:40
yeah. I met Lucas on a few trips as well, because he's got four year old boys twins. Yeah.

Speaker  173466:40
So

Speaker  173786:40
they're in between grace and angs age, so I think they should be quite good for a hang. I don't know whether his kids speak English or not, but yeah, they can get some practice in. I'm pretty

Speaker  176768:00
sure they do. Yeah, yeah, German, English, I'd say,

Speaker  178416:00
Cool. All right, let's go quickly through the MDS slides. Your weekly reminder to use the MDS app, guys. So on the MDS app, there's a chat for the Mogul call. There's a chat for crypto, the chat stops trading. There's another one for like Amazon, SEO, all kinds of stuff. You can look at the recordings, you can watch the videos, or you can just kind of listen to them, podcast style. If you're in the if you're in the car, there'll be inspire recordings coming live soon as well. So yeah, make sure you're making good use of the app. It's all in there. Get it on your home screen Next up, MDS extras. So if you joined recently, you have a whole bunch of perks that you may not be taking advantage of. If you joined a longer time ago, then you may need to pay extra, but you can get 30 day free trial. Make sure you check into, check into that part of your account, see what, see what you got access to, what you want to do, a trial of next up. Yeah, hopefully gonna see you guys in Milan really looking forward to it. It should be awesome fun. MDS, main events are always pretty special, so I hope you guys can make it next up. Yeah, so we don't have the mobile messenger group anymore, so mostly moved over to WhatsApp. So if you just scan that, and we'll put the code in there, you can join the WhatsApp group. So it's not a group. It's just, it's just me and just me sending out messages to remind you about calls, so you won't miss another call next up. All right, so, of course, best, this is the best possible offer you can get for scale insights. So make sure you're getting your 20% off. I think they've got a free is it 30 days free, Daniel, or

Speaker  208848:00
30 days free? 30

Speaker  209200:00
days free as well? Yes. So yeah, just Yeah, give it a try. Set up the early accounts when you're just doing one ace is super cheap anyway. So yeah, just check it out. Next up. Okay, so I am going to hand over to Torsten now, who is going to be talking to you about how to get your PPC and your automations dialed in. How's it going? Torsten, we said, recording good.

Speaker  217461:20
Pretty good. Thank you, Mayor, recording

Speaker  217813:20
we started recording good. In us just now. Oh, hey guys, welcome to the Mogul call. So we have Torsten back on the call. We're going to be talking some PPC and specifically looking at how to set up rules on scale insights. We've also got Daniel from scale insights staying up late in Singapore for us. Hey, Torsten. Hi Daniel.

Speaker  225087:59
Hey guys, thanks for having us. Cool.

Speaker  226048:00
All right, guys, I'm gonna leave you with Torsten and Daniel, because I'm actually on holiday, but I look forward to checking out the recording, and I will see you guys later. Bye.

Speaker  228400:00
Thanks, Jimmy. Take care.

Speaker  230048:00
All right. Okay, can you can you see my screen? Yes, working. Okay, looks

Speaker  231509:20
good. Yeah, Daniel,

Speaker  231893:20
should I just start or do you want to set the scene? No,

Speaker  232533:20
no, no, no, you can go ahead. Yeah, okay,

Speaker  233221:20
perfect. Okay, then, then today, we talk about um skill in using M skill insights for for PPC. So what we're going to do today, yeah, quick intro, obviously. And then I'm going to talk about, like, the new features that skill insights has rolled out over the last over the last couple of weeks, there were lots of, lots of new things that we're using heavily in our agencies, like rank tracking, capitalization, s, u, p, there's sort of into adjustments that I'll walk you through. And then I'll also share how we sort of use skill insights on a regular basis to optimize our accounts. And then, yeah, Daniel will also talk about upcoming features that will be launched in the in the near future. And then we can do Q, a at the end as well, any anything sort of skill insights or PPC, yeah, just what Bob me. I have been skilled insights users Since 2021 so I have been using tool for a very long time. I really enjoy the partnership with them, because they implement like our ideas pretty, pretty quickly. So I really like the tool. I'm an MDS women since 2023 I sell in in office, and I also work with with Data Dive and skill inside, sort of as an advisor for their for their product roadmap. And I also run headline, which is the which is like a data driven Mapping Agency, and we're using skill insights for that. So let's start with new features. One feature is that that recently got introduced is rank tracking and sqp. And I've sort of put a screenshot here that you can see here. And the cool thing about this one with sort of slightly different to other tools, is what you now have on here, on a keyword level, I've just hiding the keywords here you've got now all your keyword ranks over over a time period. The top row is generally the organic rank, and then the bottom row is then the Add rank. So you've got similar to data rover or so Data Dive, you know, have all the information in terms of rank in your dashboard. The cool thing about, obviously, skill Insights is pretty compared to to data rubber, for example. Now you can, you also have your your ads performance right next to that. Yeah. You can sort of see ads performance here with the core metric, sales, a cost conversion, spend and so on, and the rank as well. At the same time you they've also integrated now sqp data search with performance data and also on asin level. So it means the core, like the core metrics that you need to optimize and run your business on the per keyword level. You now have all in, all in, in one sheet. The cool thing would also like about this. This feature is, when you're migrating from a like another Rank Tracker, let's say Data Dive or data rover, you can also bike upload ranks. That means you can literally export all your all your ranks from from all tools, and then upload them in here, so you've got all yours. You're not losing any data. I find that really cool. And then if you want to, if you do like your ad hoc analysis, maybe in Google Sheets or somewhere else, or if with your own tool that you do analysis, we can also download all of them as well and then export them in a C suite and put them into your database or whatever. And then can play with that. To use this feature. It's you literally just can sort of turn this turn on a pack Ebola. You literally turn it on or off. Yeah, you can sort of do everything here. You can turn off the ones that are maybe less relevant or you're not going to rank, and you can turn them on for the ones that you're interested in. And then you put everything in in one dashboard on a product level, yeah. What would you do with that? It's obviously, obviously the question, what we sort of use cases. We use it a lot for for correlations. Let's say you, let's say you've got your top keyword, and then you want to, you have you realize, okay, your job maybe dropping rank. You know, you can sort of see that on the summary page. And then if you then drill down into the sort of, in this sort of feature here, in this action button, you can then sort of see all your performance metrics over time, and then you could then potentially correlate, maybe, like an organic rank with, like a reduction in PPC costs, for example. Or maybe, maybe you see a reduction in rank and you see and that maybe correlates with a reduction and maybe, like CPCs or conversion rates. Therefore you could potentially explain that a drop in rank is caused by PPC, and then take action accordingly. So that's a pretty cool feature. The other feature that we're using this for the rank tracking is cannibalization. What is cannibalization? Cannibalization as a definition is sort of the percentage of ad spend from exact match on targets where organic rank is sort of quite, quite loyal. That means you probably would have made this sell organically anyway. So hence, sort of the the advertised spend is potentially wasted. Yeah, that is sort of the cannibalization. And if we believe the assumption that we would have witnessed that anyway, then we would like to reduce that spends. In the past that is has been super, super tricky to do manually, because you had to do ranked, track the rank manually, and then turn on or turn off particular targets also manually, whereas now that we've got the rank tracking as part of the tool, and also as part of a condition for bid management. We can now automate that. And so let me walk you through what, what, how we do that like in terms of like assumptions, the assumption will be okay. We are. We are ranking organically, let's say in a one, and in a position 123, or four. Now you can also adjust it, of course, and you're running sponsored ads where you're also in a high position, or, let's say, between one to four, one to five. That way we might, then we might be cannibalizing. That is sort of the the idea. And then the assumption is also that, okay, exact match targets are predominantly maybe for ranking us, so they should be mainly on top of search, then we've got broad and phrase match more like for profit sales, mainly for rest of search. And the other assumptions also that a cost placement is at optimal levels for ranking for this target at the moment. So if we believe these assumptions, then our approach would be, we assign these cannibalization rules to exact match targets only because it's only these targets or this spend that we want to eliminate. We still want to generate incremental types of profit from board and phrase campaigns, right? So you don't want to turn off everything because bought and fries or rest of search or product product pages placements, and you still want to generate sales, they're not cannibalizing. So you only assign these two exact words, and then you pause the target when organic rank is within one and four and the ad rank is also within one and four as an example. Yeah, that's when you literally then turn off this exact target. And then you once you're dropping rank, maybe you need the velocity, the additional velocity, maybe you're not cannibalizing, maybe you need the additional velocity from from PPC. And then you're dropping rank, that's when you then re enable this target. So every day, sort of tests, am I ranking, and then it it would then turn on or turn off the specific target. And the way it looks, it would look something like this. So assume the blue here is like an exact target, and this is, this is like a CPC, let's say in this instance, like 98 cents book could be the bit, but it's definitely looks like the bit is equal to the CPC here. And what it means is, in this instance, it probably turned turn this target off, and then we've got no no spend anymore in this period from exact but then we've got a our broad and phrase are still spending at a much lower CPC, which would mean we're stopping the TOS spend, but we're still creating spend through broad or phrase order, but most likely on non TOS placements, sort of non categorization placement. And this is then exactly what we want. And then maybe, in this instance, we might have dropped rank, so we might need it. That's when the exact came back up again, and we're spending again, and then so on. I sort of have, like, a list here, for example. I used this as an example for for one asin over the last 30 days. And you can sort of see these ones are all unique keywords. How many times this unique keyword got paused and enabled. So it all works in the background, but therefore you can sort of try to optimize spend. How would you set this up? How would you set up these rules? You generally only need two routes for these. One is a pausing rule and one is an enabling role. I sort of put, sort of protected the criteria here that we're using. I've also put, like a screenshot on here of the of the criteria that we're using. So you create these two rules, set them up, and then all you have to do is, you didn't assign these to your exact campaigns. And if you're tracking the ranks of the targets in this campaign, then this rule would do these things for you as well. So that's the that's the conversation. So use case on how to sort of use the rank tracker in the bit optimizations from skill insights.

Speaker  389536:00
Another new feature that got introduced, I think this week, Daniel has, like only, only alive a couple of days now that the sqp data is also part of Amazon's SP API selling Partner API skill insights now also introduced the sqp data into their platform. And with with the x you can sort of see here I showed it before, and you've got a big keyword level, you then have sort of aggregated metrics, and these ones and include values like search volume that you would before, probably only gets back data diver here in 10, but in a different system now you have the search volume, also in in scale insights, and you've got some performance metrics, for example, conversion rate, and then also in comparison market and your asin so you can sort of see market conversion as in conversion rate. And then therefore could derive whether you're performing better or potentially inferior against the market. Same for same for pixel rate. You've got that in here. And then you also have asin shares, as in shares, meaning, okay, what is your share of impressions, your share of clicks, your shares of purchases, add to cart, I think, is in here as well, and also giving, giving you some sort of relevant metric in terms of the absolute funnel, you know, are you maybe dropping off across the funnel? Are you dropping Are you maybe not performing with any part of the funnel that gives you one idea and the other insight it would give you whether a particular metric changes over time, and let's say, for example, purchase, share, if it changes over time, you might, and it's a top keyboard for you, you might have to counter, react, and given that this is all connected Next to rank and also your PPC spend. Again, you could potentially figure out whether it's PPC driven or not, and if it's PPC driven, you can then take action, for example, increase bids, increase budget, creating SKC single keyword campaigns, for example, therefore counter reacting, potentially negative trends. There's a lot of use cases, and there's obviously the Facebook group is full with use cases of sqp. So there's nothing, nothing new here, but yeah, just some some interesting things that you can now use because you've got PPC data and rank data next to each other, for example, you can sort of stop by conversion rate, for example, like in descending order, and then you then you find targets where your performance or passes the marketplace performance and you're not spending or not ranking. So it means this could be an opportunity to find keywords that your current that are actually performing pretty well, but you're currently, you're currently not pushing or ranking as opportunity to expand market share or brand share in this instance. Yeah, same with you can stop by search pay volume now. So imagine you you've got your table, and you're sorting by search pay volume, and then you then identify maybe good, good targets, but you can also then see, okay, you're not spending or you're not ranking. Therefore it's almost a bit of a like a reverse another reverse estimate. It's like a targeting checker. You You have keywords that might be relevant to your brand or asin, and you're not targeting them. Therefore, and create targets, and you can literally create like a campaign and with that target straight from the platform, so by purchase share, and you can do so by ad spend. Maybe you're spending you're spending a lot on on targets that are irrelevant or have an inferior conversion or click through rate. So that way you can then also reduce spend. So this is extra insights. You can launch ads, increase bits or untap keywords. For example, you can reduce band, reduce bits or inferior targets. And in general, you can track keyword performance across multiple data sets that Amazon gives you, and therefore, and they often take insights and take actions. Yeah, that's the sqp one as well. The other new feature is, there's a couple that a little bit older, I think they were already done in December and January, but super, super helpful. In particular, if you've got a large portfolio, you now have the option to make bulk adjustments in the tool, or, like, when it comes to first of all campaign name and ad group. So what you can do is you can see the campaign name to the ad groups, and you can literally just, you know, click the Edit button and then change the campaign name. Yeah, I get a bit later. But obviously campaign name is campaign naming structure, campaign naming methodology is super important, as you like, as you would like to have the objective in your campaign name. But sometimes you create a new campaign and and you forgot about that. Here you can hear. You can fix it up easily. And in the platform, you don't have to go to Seller Central anymore. You don't have to go to use bike sheets. You can just do it in the platform, campaigns and groups. You can also do full campaign management, almost in the in the tour. You can sort of see campaign status. You can turn them on and off and from the platform, no need to go into the into the ads console anymore. Campaign naming I mentioned already. You can increase or change budgets if you want to, you can create end dates here. Let's say you've got a you had a push campaign in front of a big seller sales event. You can then pause them here or create an end date. And also you can sort of check whether the campaign bidding strategy is correct or often when you create new campaigns. Now, Amazon's default is not campaign bit down anymore, but campaign did up and down. It's an easy oversight. Here you can easily see, maybe sorted by descending by ad spend, whether you've got any issues, and then quickly change it. Here you can also assign portfolios. You can't create new ones only in air console, but you can assign campaigns also to portfolios, making sure your whole campaign setup is nicely structured and easily filterable, and easy to filter. That is also what you can what you can do. Now, the next feature, I think this the last one. This was one of my favorite features, which is like, it's called a bike bit adjustment, so it means what you can do now is you can look at you can you can look at all your targets, like, think like a targeting tab in in the ads console, or think about the bug sheet. So you have all your all your targets in here, and then, instead of only being able to go back 60 days, like a bike sheet. You could now go back up to another year, two years, or whatever you want, and have all the targets across all ad types combined. Bikes. You've got three tabs, at least targeting tab was only for sponsored product here now we have all targets across all campaign types together. And what we do is we could we do outline optimization here. So as an example, you've got all your targets here, and then we sort them descending by profit and loss impact. Now we want to sort of see, we want to make adjustments for those ones that are particularly bad, like negative P and L impact. We then filter for significant click Sales. So depending on your conversion rate, you want to make sure that you're only making adjustments if you've got sufficient data. So you filter for clicks. And then what you can do is then you then select the ones that you want to adjust, and then you can do like a bulk adjustment by target ACOs, for example. So you This is often a third, the thirds, if you select the targets that you want to adjust and then you do adjust it by target ACOs, you can then set like a target ACOs, in this instance, 30% Yeah. Do you want to? You want to bring bits towards a 30% target. ACOs, you didn't do like a max bit decrease. That means, how far do you want to go towards this target? ACOs, if you want to hit it towards 30% ACOs, you make this 100% if you only want to go towards in the direction of towards 30% then you then you do less, and then you do previous the changes and what it gives you, then it gives you then, then a table like these, where you've got the campaign, ad group keywords with all the current performance metrics. I then sort again by spend, and then you've got, then the old and the new bid, yeah. And in this instance, then you could sort of then take these again, individually, on and off, even override. And then, therefore, and then, so here, and then commit. And then commit these changes, meaning you would have done what you might have done in the past in the bulk sheet. You can now do this in scale insights to make that a little bit clearer. You know what, what that could mean. Okay. Well, why would you do that? And if you already have skill in such rules in place. One case will be okay. The bid management rules are missing, for example, there. Maybe there was an oversight. You've just missed setting up, setting up the rule, and or you're running like a catch all campaign, for example. And a catch all campaign, as you know you need to have, you need to assign an asin to it in order to execute any rules. And you might not have done that that way. You can do this by bit adjustment. Other use case for me that the bit Manage Rules are just not working as expected. Maybe you're only doing like a five to five to 10% increment, like a very slow adjustment. You're very conservative, but your initial bid was just way too high. So it would take a very long time until you come down to your to your target a cost to your target bid. Here you can literally just override this, this rule as an ad hoc or as a one off adjustment, and therefore, yeah, reduce where's that spend?

Speaker  550357:20
We also use this like before or after a season. Let's say you've got a q4 brand, and it's like January, and then you've got a look back period of 30 days. So the look of 30 days is a very overstated conversion rate. So what will happen is the bit the bidding rules will probably increase even further unless, unless you block them out, they increase even further, but you actually want them to go back, because, you know conversion rate is is dropping. So what you could do is you could then make an adjustment in January and then bring all the bits down to previous levels, for example. Or you also maybe you want to push before like a Sales Event. That's what you also can do. I also like the fact that you can go more than 90 days. Then that bit adjustment in for SI is 90. That's the max period. You can't go any further. When you configure rules with this by bit adjustment, you can go back even further. Maybe some of your long take keywords need 20 days to get a click threshold when and in order to get a rule executed, with this bug adjustment, you can also account for these ones and one other thing, if you've got, like, a serious acres or tackles issues, for example, where you say, hey, holy Dolly, we really need to make a an intervention here, this is also a great tool to just cut bids or cut spend immediately, and therefore bringing ACOs or tech was down by a step change and not not incrementally. So that is sort of what this what this tool about. Yet no like Bucha can only go back 60 days or scale insights with 90 days, with the spike adjustment, you can go as far as you want to. That is sort of the big adjust. That's a big thing. Okay, so these ones are all the other new features, and that has also impacted how we would operate the accounts with with scale insights nowadays. And so Daniel asked me, sort of put together a bit of, a bit of an overview, and also some details how we use scale insights to optimize accounts. I try to structure this a little bit by categories. And I call this sort of advertising foundation skill insights basic setup. Sort of keep this sort of, you know, the basic house can be editing, of advertise, of the must do, so to speak. And so if you don't do this, I don't even think about cannibalization, for example. So this are the foundations. And then we've got the scale insights, advanced setup. What, what could you also try once you've completed these ones? And how do we use skill insights when it comes to manual optimization. What do we still do manual on top of the the or the automations? And I go straight into the details here. So when it comes to advertising foundations, what you definitely need to do, and even skill insights can't help you with that. If you, if you don't do this, keyword research is still it's still the first thing to be done for for every asin, for every marketplace, you need to sort of know your most relevant rank of the keywords per product. There's obviously lots of tools out there. We all know them, day to day. Server opportunity, explore X SVP nowadays. So this is still the most important thing that you have, like a keyword bank per Asian per marketplace, so you know which ones to target, and then we call it like a campaign server, like a basic campaign setup. And make sure you've got the foundational campaigns in place and you've done all your keyword research, so you know which ones to target. So make sure you target them in exact campaigns. Yeah, ideally structured by structure, or cluster by relevancy and search volume, so you're not heading into starvation. And these ones you might want to go towards to as predominantly and then you also do broaden phrase. Don't go overboard with these ones. Don't create like, 50 to 60 target in these ones, it would become like an auto campaign that you can't they can't control. Focus on your you know, top two to four, top two to eight, root keywords only. So you can also get long tail, so you also get product pages and rest of search placements. And for these ones, use broad modifiers nowadays, given that even like exact doesn't seem to be exact anymore in sponsored product, sponsor brands is a whole different game nowadays. So if you want to be targeted, use the broad match modifiers have your product and auto campaigns. So make sure you've got this sort of basic setup. And you need it in that way also to set up your skill insights, roles. And then the third one for like basic foundations is like, have a very proper, clean campaign naming structure, including ad groups and portfolios. The most important thing, the most important thing that you want to have in here is the objective. Is the objective? Profitability is the objective and ranking what product is in here. Because if you analyze campaign site and skill insights, you want to link the performance metrics such as ACOs, for example. If you want to, you want to make sure that that matches the campaign objective. Maybe it's a ranking campaign, so Ico is not so important. But if it's like a profit campaign as an auto campaign, and then the then the a course is relevant. And so hence you want to make sure that you've got the objective in the campaign, in the campaign name. So these are the main three things you should definitely do before starting with skill insights, if not even skill insights will find find it difficult to help, help you. And then with skill insights, what, what you should do. This is, this is where you create your rules now and I, I or we, use skill insights automation for everything that we would do anyway, with the logic tree, everything that we could have done, also with the bike sheet, like everything that helps us now to free up time to do the other things, like the more strategic things. And there are literally three buckets that are not brightness to use. One is sort of a negation management that is sort of a rule set up to negate leaders, like irrelevant search terms like good and good, good amount of data often click so and so. You can make a call on whether these ones could be negated or not. You can specify where these go. Negate exact negate phrase. You can also use negation to keep branded and non branded terms in separate campaigns. And this is all this is relevant for all campaigns where target does not equal search term. So in all these discovery campaigns, for example, auto abroad advice. So maybe the target is different to the search and it comes out of it. That's where you want to use negation management. It's, it's a, it's a no brainer. General rule of thumb here is when it comes to what's the click threshold? Hey, when should you negate? We use conversion rate times often times 2.5% times 2.5 so if you got a 10% conversion right, every 10th click is a, is a is a sale, then we multiply it by 2.5 which is then 25 and that's sort of journey. Our our threshold to negate targets at to negate search terms. Now, obviously it depends on on your risk profile and how conservative you are, but this could be like, like a rule of thumb,

Speaker  672074:39
then bid management. Another no brainer is, I would set bit manage up for all, for all campaigns where your core objective is ACOs, yeah. That means for all your orders, broad price product categories, sponsor brands, what might be your sponsor display. These are not necessarily ranking campaigns as such. These ones are more towards creating incremental sales at profit. So hence these should, these should be, need to be ACOs as the main, main KPI. So in order to manage these ones with scale insights, you should set up bidding goods for them. Ecosystem is the main objective. And then you could then start with a conservative setup. Yeah, conservative means don't really apply too much. Don't really do too many adjustments. So use like low increments, only like five to 10, five to 10% adjustments on bid level have like longer observation periods, meaning, don't test every single day, but let the new bid generate some data and then use longer look back periods. In order to don't do too many changes, you can, depending on your risk, probably you can adjust this. But I would say, when it comes like starting, when we would start a new account and nothing is broken, then we would set this up like this, very conservatively, because we don't want to change something that is already working. So this is like a basic setup. And then you want to do importing migration management input. Migration management means, okay, let's say you're generating good performing search chips in an auto campaign. And then scale insights can create these automatically that in a manual exec campaign, for example, or maybe you you find a search term that is only targeted in sponsored product. Now skill insights can create this automatically in the sponsored brand campaign. I used to love this feature. I came sort of from presto, when Preston was still around, and then up Tom said, Hey, this is awesome, because in particular, migration is super, super manual if you do it manually. So I really like this feature. And when I first started with skill insert, I would literally migrate everything, like it would be like one order, and I would migrate it. What happened then is, all of a sudden, your exact campaigns become, get like so many targets, and then then you've got no control over spend anymore. They become like auto campaigns. You've got like, 150 targets an exact campaign, no control over spend, particularly if you've got like lower budgets. So what we what we do now is we have also a very conservative setup, because we already have done our keyword research, so we already know so for inputting migration management, I would recommend now a very conservative setup and that includes migration based on orders. You know, I would probably go larger than at least five to 10 in the look back period. You can go up to 90 days. So you want to make sure you've got good amount of orders and and data. So this should not be like a purchase by mistake. You can also use ACOs as a criteria in conjunction with orders. And you can also use conversion right now. This is sort of what we're what we're doing now. And if you do, if you have this set up, you can then, therefore automatically migrate your targets into other ad types, sponsor products, sponsor brand, sponsor display, and also use different match types, like qualifiers products. You can configure these importing migration rules also with broad match modifiers. So if they go into sponsored brand broad, for example, you can use broad match, broad match modifiers, and you can also include the extra branded term. So you can have, like, different channels for branded, not branded, or, for example, for certain intent keywords. So like, I don't know, like the product for girls and the product for boys, that's what you can that's what you can do. So this is sort of our basic setup. Like, this is, this is, I feel like, unless you've got this in place, I wouldn't even start with with, with the others. But if you have this one in place, this will, this will help you free up the time for the other things. This is, this will be like a very, very good setup. If you want to go even further, I call it the Advanced Setup. Then we use cannibalization management, what I mentioned earlier on the call, you start checking your rank for your top keywords, for your top spending keywords, and then you set up cannibalization rules in order to get these ones paused. We talked about this one. This one before it's relevant for all exact campaigns. Another advanced setup would also be day parting management, in my opinion. So this is like a rule where you can pause or enable campaigns and or ad groups during certain time periods, for example, during the night, for example, or during periods where conversions or are lower. We don't use these ones too often, but you can use them obviously, for accounts with like budget constraints, for example, where you want to say, okay, I'd rather only do it at night where the conversion it's one point x the 1.5 the normal, rather than in the mornings, where it's where it's normal. So accounts with budget constraint, you can use them. This is what I would call the the more like advanced setup when it comes to rules. And then we do manual optimization, and with with the new features that they've created, you could do almost, I would say almost. You can almost do everything nowadays within the platform to manage the account before you had to still check your your rank tracker, before you still had to check sqp data. Now that they have incorporated these features, you could do most of your optimization actually in the tool. First thing is the bike bit adjustments that I talked about earlier, where you adjust bad performing targets, for example, that you find the outliers and do by bit adjustment. Yeah, we do this. We do this. We do this weekly, generally, so we can sort of cut the cut from the edges. I cut like the significant outliers that have a negative impact on the P and L and make a more drastic bit adjustment, because maybe the rules weren't fast enough. So that's something that I would now recommend to do every week. Then we've got the then we've got the negation review. And the negation review is you've got negative rules and place that are negating keywords. But these routes are also not perfect. There could be a time where your competitor ran a superb deal and you forgot to change your prices back after spring there, as you've always done, you've got super low conversion rate, and then all of a sudden, your your your top performing keywords get negated. You've got a section in the console ad insights negative keywords. Go through them once a week, you know, set them to like a long look back period, let's say the full year, and then, and then sort descending by orders. And then you can sort of see whether there's any sort of keywords that have actually really good performance metrics, or maybe, you know those keywords, and then you can literally undo them in the platform. I would do that weekly, or every second week, so you can ensure that you're not negating something. And by mistake, I did one order a couple of months ago, and the the, literally, of the account, the top, the top search term that that used to have the highest sales in history, got negated by mistake. Um, just because it was a short period where the performance wasn't as good and it had a significant impact on the performance and, um, so don't, don't trust the rules necessarily. Um, have make sure you have, like, a backup plan and review. And the third was an active rank management so far we talked a lot about ACOs focused campaigns where ACOs is the focus, but when it comes to ranking, ACOs is more like the secondary metric and the primary metric is really okay. You want to, you want to rank, and you want to then look at the KPIs that are available. For example, okay, is your sqp? Is your conversion rate good? And do you have, like, a high sponsor, product impression, share, you have a high TS share. This is then what you can also do now, in scale insights, you look at your rank tracker, you see your top keywords, and you can sort of see, are we dropping rank? Are you not dropping rank? And you can therefore, then make adjustments straight in the platform as well, let's say, increase a bit or create a single keyword campaign. You can do this now in the platform, very soon, they will also launch tags, so you can actually tag certain keywords. So when you think about this. You have, you have, you have your product. You maybe have, like, your top 10, your top 15 keywords. And so you tag them, for example, as top. And then what you can do is, then you only look at dollar so, and you can so see if there, if there's any issues, then you can make bid adjustments. Going forward, we can also add them to the bidding rules. So think about in a way of, okay, if the keyword is top and I'm not dropping rank, I'm not in the top four anymore, and maybe my my spend is relatively low, then I can increase the bits automatically. So super, super excited about this,

Speaker  820464:00
about this feature as well. We do this daily to week, because this is sort of about, you know, keep either gaining rank or defending rank. You don't really know that. You don't really know the target bit. So a cause, you can't manage this with with bidding rules necessary. You might have to do this more manually, play with increasing bids until you see traction. And that's what we do. And then ongoing campaign creation. So ongoing campaign creation, and there's also no automation in the skill insights. Can do it for you automatically, but you can use the platform to create new campaigns. Yeah, and just some example, create new campaigns. Was busy object, let's say low impression. So you've, maybe you've done another keyword research session after the first quarter, and then you realize there's, there's, I don't know, 28 high relevancy targets that you have been targeted before, but they're just not getting any spend anymore. Maybe because there's some somewhere hidden in campaigns. You literally create a new campaign, or you want to do some pushes, you want to do some experiments, maybe even a target like your competitor, and see whether you can grab some market share from them. This is what we also do manually, but we can use the platform now to create campaigns. Yeah. So in summary, you can, you can almost now use do your whole account management with scale insights. The tagging will be a game changer, in my opinion, when, when that is coming. But as an overview, this sort of how we structured at the moment, in order to, in order to adjust the accounts. That was everything from my side so far. Daniel, do you want to talk about the roadmap? Then yes, before we go into questions,

Speaker  847594:40
yeah, yeah. So I was thinking, right? Because I do have an account that I can show the actual stats for, and we can, kind of like, run through the things that you you talked about, okay, so maybe I can share my screen. Give me one second over here, so you should be able to see an actual demo of the sqp data. Yeah. So what we were trying to get at was that, now, you know, we also pull in the query volume, the market conversion, your easy conversion, and then we got this metric called the conversion delta. So you know for certain keywords how much better you are converting against your competitor. And then you can see where, where are you, how are you ranked for the keyword, and then decide whether or not you want to push harder to chase the rank. Because imagine, okay, so imagine if I hide this column, so just like couple days back, we didn't have the column, right? Okay, so how would I, how would I make a decision whether or not which of these keywords do I want to change the rank for, right? So it's not, it's not so obvious, right? I could say I could sort by conversion this, my heuristic could be go for the ones that are converting really, really well, right? But now that I have sqp data, okay, I can use this conversion delta. So how conversion Delta Works is, this is the market conversion. This is my conversion, and I'm 28% better than better than the market. So what one workflow could be, sort by conversion delta and then filter by query volume, right? So this is quite cool. We never had like search query volume available in the software. And now sqp gives, gives us that gives that to us, say so sort by compensating data, then say anything that's at least 1000 query volume. Okay? And then conversion data, at least 1000 query volume. And then this is another nice set, purchase share. So purchase share is your asin purchase against the total purchase. So you know, you kind of know how much of the market have you captured. So this is a, a pretty, pretty, pretty decent keyword to chase, right? Because you're covering better the market, you have captured a pretty small percentage of the market, right? Okay, and as you can see over here, not really went ranked that well. And another, another fun thing you can see is that you can see your trend of how well you have been spending, right? So you can see that you're not spending anything throughout, throughout the the last 1880 90 days. And obviously this, this keyword wouldn't, wouldn't rank, right, okay. But now, with all these it gives, it gives you a heuristic to say, okay, where should I best allocate my budget? So we had a question from Rick earlier on. I think he was asking about No, how do we pull the data? So Amazon gives us the ability to pull the SQ people on a weekly basis. So once every week, we get to pull the last week's data. As you can see here, over here, these, these are the dates. So we just put one on the 23rd of March, okay? And then we get to pull again on the 30th of March, plus minus one, two days. Alright, okay, so as of now, oh, we, we, because, okay, so I think it's the, it's the date range I'm setting this. Let me take a look. Let's, let's say I set it to first gen to second of April. I should be able to see more. Okay, so we have, we haven't put, we haven't put, we haven't put it yet, right? So we aggregate all the data, we store it, and then, you know, we just, we just add it on, and then this, this number will be more statistically significant with more data that we are pulling. So this a quick, a quick demo of this new this new feature. And then I think Torsten previous jumping at any point in time you want to add on to the things they were talking about, just trying to recall the key points that you mentioned in your in your segment. So one thing he was talking about is the cannibal cannibalization, right? Okay, so you can see I can sort by by rank, which ones I am being, which ones are ranking well for already. So the way, the way our, our rank tracking works, right, is that the top numbers organic rank. The bottom number is the paid rank. Okay, so let me see for this account. Okay, just, just imagine this account over here, right? I'm really top position over here. Okay, so maybe I can, like, taper down on my ads, right? Maybe I don't need to spend so much at the ads, right as, yeah, maybe I don't need to bid at the second position anyway. I'm really top position already, so that that's what he meant by AD capitalization. And you can set this as a rule in your bidding rule, you can say, so what are your parameters for the for the bidding rule? Can we just look back at it? Yeah, between

Speaker  945824:00
like, one and like, if you're if you're ready, if you're ranking one and four, one and one

Speaker  947616:00
and four, right? The

Speaker  948048:00
same say between 1123, or one to four. Yeah, right. So

Speaker  949637:20
now not the bidding rule supports checking where you are organically and and your ad position, right?

Speaker  951509:20
Okay.

Speaker  951733:20
Then if, if, if this happens, what do you do? You you lower your bid, right? We pause,

Speaker  953621:20
we pause,

Speaker  953893:20
we pause. Okay, you pause, so you can set the action to take will be to pause. The keyword state change and pause, right? So this is the first rule. Then the the RE enable rule is, if your organic is about right, yeah, right, right, you will notice that your organic is now four and above. That means you're really starting to suffer. Then then do what? Then we enable,

Speaker  963648:00
basically enabled,

Speaker  964128:00
right? Yeah, right. So it's just like really trying to try to stay within that sweet spot, right? So this can be done. This is this can be done in the rules, all right, okay. And one fun thing to note is that we pull in your sqp data, even if you're not using our rank tracking feature, right? Because this is example over here. These are non track keywords. You can see it in a non tracked okay, we still pull in SVP data, right? Okay, so that's, that's a feature that we're making available to you. So, so our our thought process is that as we pull in the rank tracking, excuse me, as you pull the HTTP data for you, and then you identify an opportunity to say, Okay, this is the keyword that I may want to target for. Let's, let's find an example. Let's say this one over here, just for, just for this country to take this one over here, right? Nice. Very volume. I am, I am out beating the market. All right, then I may say, Okay, this is something that I want to track. So just go ahead, then track the keyword. And then, you know, potentially, you may want to track more and more keywords as you find all these opportunities. All right, so for those of you that have a skill set account, right, go to go try it out, load it up, go run tracking, okay, and it will just be there. Okay, so that is a quick demo of the sqp feature set. Okay, feel free to drop any questions if you have I'll just quickly run through just just a quick demo of what Torsten mentioned about the performance, about edit, okay, Torsten, you mentioned something about the bulk file allows you to look back only 60 days because one of the one of The pain points, right? So inside, add insights. You can go back. You can look at the entire year, right? I can say, show me entire all the, all the targets. And how would you, how would you filter this? You mentioned your slides was, yeah,

Speaker  1002325:20
I mean, yeah, for like, I would probably go like, 30 days now, because we don't look for long term. But you look at like, let's say the last 30 days, you saw descending by a profit and loss impact the very last column. Okay,

Speaker  1006186:40
so this by profit and loss?

Speaker  1006794:40
Yeah? So, yep, okay, the the other way around that area, right? You want to, you know this is, these are the keywords where you're making, where you're making losses, yes. And then you want, and then you want to filter for clicks. So you want to make sure that you're that you're not just maybe the performance, because only one click, so you find, like a click threshold, huh? For simply 50 clicks, at

Speaker  1012784:00
least five or 50, maybe, maybe, maybe, let's go 15, at least 15 clicks,

Speaker  1014533:20
yeah, probably more, but yeah, roughly, okay, like, yeah, just

Speaker  1015333:20
just enough, yeah, just a number,

Speaker  1016485:20
yeah. And then you can, then now you have only, I'd say maybe, like, only, like, 20 keywords to go through, right? And then

Speaker  1018005:20
you got a little keyword, yeah, 32

Speaker  1018517:20
okay, correct? Yeah. And then now you can sort of, um, tick, tick each of them that you think should be. I mean, you can do keyword stores, the ones only the ones that are enabled, obviously. So you can, yes, um, make it even easier. So now you only have to go through like, a couple of keywords, but these are the keywords that are, that are creating losses on the account. And then then you can make a call. If you've got a clear campaign naming structure. You could also exclude your ranking ones if you wanted to. But now we then, now we then take the ones that you that should be adjusted either you do all correct or Yeah, selected ones.

Speaker  1028256:00
And then what action do you take? Yeah, then you go

Speaker  1029200:00
to bike edit, or edit,

Speaker  1029829:20
yeah,

Speaker  1030085:20
adjust, adjusted by target acros, okay, yeah, and then right, right, you pick, like a target across then.

Speaker  1032933:20
So, yeah. So I would, I would actually, I would actually do it, because this is the, this is a live stock house. I would actually change it. But I think you guys get the idea. Okay, so now skills that support bot edits as well, right? Okay, so these, I think the main things that Torsten covered, and I just want to show you a quick demo. And I also wanted to highlight you guys the the roadmap page that we created. So to access this, you go to our main website, skills.com,

Speaker  1043872:00
and then take road map, then you you see what we're what we're currently working on. So basically, basically we got three stages, alright, so the coding stage is what we're actually working on right now. Upcoming it's in is being planned for design stage and things that we are designing. So we just launched this major feature, which is the sqp, literally a couple of days ago, on the 31st march. So kind of like regrouping right now to plan for the next coming sprints. But just to give you an idea, we're looking to launch the AMC hourly hourly data for campaigns. So that's what is supported AMC, so you get, you can get hourly conversion information. We're looking to also support automation based on your on your inventory levels. So these are some of the upcoming things that we are doing. But the main thing I want to highlight or share with you guys, and also know, getting getting your help, your inputs, is we have this feature request section. So this is made public. Everybody can share their feature requests. And the method that we're using right now is we're going by votes, so we'll sort through, and then we'll see. I think Torsten has been like voting on a lot of stuff, right? So I think he's been getting a lot of stuff being done for him. So if you want your stuff getting get done right? Head over here, right? You know, putting a request, and I'll sort them by votes, and I'll go through each and every one of them, discuss with the product team, and then push them through this process of design, planning and then, and then coding, right? Okay, so that is where you know you could, you could shape how the product will look together with us. And my promise is that I personally look at all these. I will go through, I will go through them, and I'll advocate to our product team of what people are asking for, and then arm twist as much as I can to push them through the road map. So that is where I would love to hear from you guys. So we made, we made a very decided effort to make this as public as possible so that people can tell us what exactly they want, right? So I think Torsten helped me drop that link in the chat already. Okay? So we have covered Torsten slides. I did a mini demo. We have covered the roadmap in terms of what is coming and how you can help participate and share with us. Okay, what you think are some of the features that will impact and drive your business? So I think we are now down to Q A feel free to you know, I think unmute, type your questions in the chat and Belen, how are we doing on time?

Speaker  1094773:19
Two minutes, two minutes, minutes.

Speaker  1095221:20
Oh, okay, perfect. All right, okay, so if, if there aren't any questions coming in, we can, we can call it a day, since we are just that right on the dot. Yeah. Okay,

Speaker  1101066:40
guys, okay, yeah, it was awesome. Thank you so much. If anyone has a question, you can pop it in the chat right now, or we can probably keep in touch, Right. Yes, of course. Great, thank you very, so much. Thank you Daniel. Thank you. Thorsen and everyone who has come here to listen to you. But. Bye.
