Richard Tesoriero
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Music. Okay, so we're gonna switch back into lifestyle mode for a minute, and I wanna share what I'm calling a three level leadership model. It's been something I've been thinking about for about a year, and hopefully it adds some value to you all. So I've been a member since last summer, one of the older guys in the room. I like to think that I'm now old enough to recognize that I'm the biggest barrier to my own success. So the way I think about things now is that we're my wife and I are building a small, beautiful business. So we're a husband and wife team. We've been doing this together for 22 years. We're a small team, so I don't have a lot to say about leadership, but I have some ideas that maybe you'll feed back to me or whatever. But we have 210, 99 contractors and some key partners in our supply chain. I'm an avid reader. That's what makes me maybe not so cool, but I place this bet I will be the only person to quote Aristotle in the presentation. So the first level is really simple. You've probably all seen this before, the Eisenhower matrix, right? So leaders are concerned with time and spending time on what's enduring. So the classic version of this is from The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. And it was, it was this matrix around this old quote from Dwight Eisenhower that he had two kinds of problems, the urgent and the important. And he said that the the urgent are not important and the important are never urgent. And the idea behind this was to spend more time on on what matters, and those are the things that are, you know, important, but not so urgent that you wouldn't ordinarily spend time on them. So it's like making time for the things that matter. So the key lesson from this little matrix, and I'm gonna have three of these, so from this two by two matrix, you know, the big takeaway is, don't mistake the urgent for the important. And the question is always to ask yourself, remind you these two axes, is it important and enduring. Second Level is productivity. So anybody read buy back your time last year, I feel like the whole group was reading this. I thought was great. I came into this because I had this sort of an argument with a friend of mine over over lunch where he was saying, oh, what you're thinking of is the Eisenhower matrix, right? I'm like, no, no, I don't think of things that way. I kind of think of everything as like a make, buy decision, and I explain everything by that. So I felt like this drip matrix kind of reflects that and adds this additional level. So the what Dan Martell in buy back your time calls the drip matrix, it's motivated by this idea that you only invest in tasks that make you money and light you up. So these are the things you desire, right? So the upper right corner is to be producing the things that make you money and light you up. So other things you should replace yourself or delegate, right? So I think I've struggled with the delegate, replace difference. But anyhow, so big question there is, does it make money and energize me? So here's the Aristotle quote. So I think there's to me, the new thing in my life is this third level, and I think of it as an executive leadership. And the quote is, the efficiency of an army consists partly in the order and partly in the general, but chiefly in the general, because he does not depend on the order. The order depends on him. So the idea is that there's order in both the army and the general, but, but really, you know what? What's the leader bringing to the picture? That's the quote that opens this crazy book called The functions of the executive by Chester Bernard. So it's an old book. They say he invented management theory, the first complete account of management in like 1938 so I happened to pick up this book because Tom Peters referred to it over and over again in In Search of Excellence, and I finally got around this year to reading it, or, I guess, last summer. So the big idea in that book was that systems of cooperation are never stable, because the environment changes and there's new purposes come about in the organization. So the job of an executive, the job of the leader, is to maintain systems of communication while the environment's changing, secure the willing efforts of members. So he's got a theory of what makes a follower, what makes a leader, and to continuously articulate the common purpose of the group. So this, this matrix, is one. I made this up myself. I've never seen this before, and it's what's on our axes is, do we have shared interest and ability? So where we have shared interest and ability we cooperate with other people, and it's like a level above the make by decision. So here's here's the way I think about my business now with these three levels, and where I spend my time is how I think about spending my time. So on the first level, it looks like being clear about who our idea. Customer is. So when we're you know, so we're making time by knowing and focusing on who the ideal customer is. We spend a lot of time thinking about what's our critical path for schedule in projects. So we're always conscious of that, so we don't have fires to put out later. We have a pretty solid cash flow forecast and this slow moving cruise ship of inventory coming in and going out. So we just beat to a steady drum on the production side. We had a lot of automation in our business, so I spent pretty much the first 20 years of my business in these first two quadrants, and we spent a lot of time with automation. So our PPC is automated. This year, we're adding Klaviyo automations over the years, I developed my own custom ERP and bookkeeping system, all from a series of books for dummies. So it's VBA SQL, Python, data warehousing for dummies. I've built my empire on that foundation. And the last thing is this shared interest and cooperation matrix. Really, where I see myself adding the most value these days is choosing who our key partners are in our business. So we've got a factory in India, a supply chain team that's very experienced, that's really helping a lot of this comes from a book I've been reading called Jim by Jim lair. He's a perform a sports psychologist called leading with character, as I recommend it. If you're interested in this sort of thing, he's got a recommended journaling process. If you have a shorter attention span than that, check out this channel. What drives winning on YouTube? There's a bunch of videos here. It's a bunch of videos with college coaches talking about how they motivate their teams and how they deal with certain kinds of issues. And the last thing I'll say is I think that MDS core values, if you step back and look at it, they really reflect this cooperation matrix. That's it. You
