Kat's Meeting Notes
Date: October 08, 2025

Speaker  00:00
The information a very esthetically pleasing way beside the image, because the image is not bad, but like ideal portions, like this, fades out is not as as nice. I would work on this thing. I'd work on this one, stylize it because she looks good. The image is really good, and you have really good space if you just, like, pamper it up so you have nicer, nicer fonts, because it's everything is, is 98% there. But, like, if you just were like, 90% there, if you just work on those things to have a cleaner, this is clean, but it's not clean Apple style. It's just basic, like you would do it and convey yourself like, I'm not saying to you, but like somebody, somebody who's not skilled at design, would just put it there and do it. It's very, very simple, but it can go so much better because you have what I like about your listing. You have the flow so it looks like it's made by the same designer. Like, this is gorgeous, like, this thing, ah, top notch, this thing. I like this shit, this shit, this shit, this shit, this shit. And I'm like exaggerating a little bit to keep it fun, but it's not that bad, but it actually works against this image, because this, this is juicy, very, very nice, but this is simple, 100% leak proof. I I'd always go and look at these guys. I like them. Probiotics. And I think you know position choice, right? Look at their captions and how they play. Look at this look at this copy. Do you see it's a very simple this is a very simple font, but do you see how well it works? It flows in the design. There's no too much space. There's no too little space. The hierarchy of the information is exactly where it has to be. Everything is manicured and it looks sharp, but look develop with doctors to support. So it's a very nice copy. Yours feels a little bit dry. I would slightly work on just getting that one. Where is that thing? Okay, now that's our next one. Okay, yours, you see like you're too close to the border. There's a thing in typography, in design called negative space. Negative space is there to give room for the element you're having to breathe to work well. So, like, you can't have it, like, it just needs to go, probably from there, just like, like, this low and then it feels good. The same with logo, you never put them in a corner, like, there's always spacing. Okay? Now, the borders around are not so good. And this thing, it's a very good information, very good idea, not executed properly. I would really zoom out more on that thing. Excuse me, guys, you don't really see that there is a valve like, I have to squish my eyes, like, I can't see anything. I have a 27 screen. And even now, like, I would zoom 5x like, really good and try to animate that stuff a little bit. Or, like, show it, like, when you pull it out a little bit, it's like, it's not there. Silicon seal. Where is the silicon? I don't see it. The border. Get do better. Like, this is good. Like, you got someone who kind of starts to understand design, but not there yet. Like, just starts. And if it's you, then sorry, man. Like, if I heard you feeling okay, this really good. Like, this is, like, usually, this is what I'm giving to my designer, because I'm not so good at creating this. I'm good at judging it, where I understand something is crap, but and I can tell what to improve, but I can make it so good myself. Maybe if I have it ready, yeah, I can work on yours. But this is something like this, like a plan more. So I would really pamper it up again. But this 100% leak proof, you can maybe have a nicer copy, like look at these guys, 60 billion ways to take care of your gut. I'd really work with GPT on making the copy more engaging. Take both together, like it's really smart. All of their copy is very well the number one choice for number two. It's like they play with emoji, but it doesn't look cliche, doesn't look cheap, it looks good. And probably girls relate to this thing. And the colors you have such a beautiful product. I really, really, really, really like it. It looks really good. You can go with nicer colors, more vivid, nicer cleaner, like these guys, a stylish surprise for loved ones. Like, I'm not sure this, this, this is a dead horse, I think, already, like the perfect gift for loved ones, maybe. But maybe you can play this idea better now, with GPT, with all this AI crap we have, man, you can do everything like we're really unstoppable. Now, this is, it's all about our imagination. So it's not bad. I would give you eight out of 10 if I would rank your listing based on the image stack. But there's, there's rooms to to polish it up. Now let's move down. This feels less professional that you had here, like this is better than this. And my personal take is that here we have to look more esthetic, because here we show we sell the brand. Here we sell the product. Here they just want to find out more. And this looks very, very generic. This looks like, I don't know, 200 bucks, something like that. Like, this is crowded. Like, give it room. Like, it needs to breathe. It's really, really, really dense. Let's look at these guys. You see, they are pretty dense as well, but everything has a little bit more space to breathe, and it's kind of more harmonious together. This is too tight to this border. It's a nice image, but like, why do we need this kind of, like, flat drop shadow? It's like, unnecessary take space. And I would actually go with super white images. You need to inspire lifestyle. You need to look like you're a big brand, like you. You really know what you're doing. And now, with with all these modules, you can you can create everything it's you have a big Canva look. What I like is, I don't know how they did it, but you tell me, how did Mary Ruth do this thing? Now, if I wrote it correctly, let's go not press on his PPC, do you guys like it. So far good.

Speaker  123338:40
Yeah, we're gonna need to open up some other contributions in a minute, because we, if we wanna get free listing this,

Speaker  125354:40
where is that thing? Where is that thing? Where is that thing? There's a button you press, man, why? It doesn't show and it changes the page. It loads a full page thing, how? Where is that? That's that scary.

Speaker  131184:00
No, while this is happening, just just write your comments or what you think could be done to improve the listing in the chat. Just while we go through this last bit, and then we'll go around.

Speaker  134229:20
They got a good designer Look at this. It's, it's, it's more engaging. You see, too small. I would, I would really go more on to wider images, cleaner, more space, less info. You don't need to say so much here. You have to impress say here. And you can, just like, if you don't have something said, You can repeat the same thing, just like, reiterate them. But that would be my take on this one. I won't talk more on the bullet points and that because nobody basically is

Speaker  142938:40
reading them. Not Andrei main, big question for me this beige background, should we go with white or should we go with a branded color?

Speaker  145520:00
What's your branded color? No, but this beige

Speaker  146272:00
could be it's part of our brand codes. But I see a lot of brands that are also doing very good with a white background.

Speaker  148272:00
You don't have to follow the brand color so stringent. You have to follow the money more and have the brand color in specific elements, but the listing background, it shouldn't be bad. People don't always get the branding properly, so they go too stringent on it where they shouldn't, and they get loose where they should not, right? So it's like how you show the logo, what colors you use in specific things, maybe, but the listing background that's not necessary. Like these guys changed so much during years. It's crazy. And you can't say their product looks so good in store. I went in store in target and sold them, by the way, amazing that they are there. The product is good. It looks okay, but it's a simple Boston bottle. But what they did with the perception, it looks so much better on Amazon. It's crazy. And when you go in store and you look at sport nutrition, on the other hand, like this thing, this thing in store, looks okay, just okay. But on Amazon, it's so damn good, so nice, so well designed. Look at this. You see, look how much space. Big images. Don't put squares like, forget about that. Wide colors. Look, look how the typography is done here, like they paid good for this, someone who understand what they're doing. Now, look at these guys. If you go and you say, call a jam, and look at these guys, ah, it's it's just okay. But when you see them in store, it looks so good. It's a made touch product. This is an UV coded product. So they sucked at showing it. Now you have it right? Looks good, right? Constantine, exactly. It's It's amazing. Let me show the image, and I'll show it to you guys because I, I'll have, I have it because I showed it to my designer, and we're like, oh my god, this is, this is the thing. And they failed at showing it on Amazon, and that's a minus, I think. But they sell through a more sophisticated funnel. It's, it's a more expensive product, so it requires different things. Okay, so here is it. Look at this here, and look at this here.

Speaker  191306:40
It's raised, it's UV printed, it's satin finish with, like, it's, it's crazy good

Speaker  193392:00
on a phone shot in your hand, than there's nothing the Amazon listing,

Speaker  194160:00
yeah, so it's really nice. So you have to make your choices where, where are you selling? And that's that's pretty important. So I'd go more on improving this. Like you have space to and your products aren't that complicated. You can kill with it. Like, really do well, like this one, look at this. Why is this so cool versus this? Like, I like the colors. It's It's lively. Like, obviously hired different designers for them, right? I can see and you paid more for this one, right? If not, if not, then screwed up. But like, this is nicer. I probably work with this guy to try to look at that one. And maybe I'm not wrong, because this is a fast judging, right? I didn't spend time on this product, but I really like it. It's a very nice product. Looks very stylish, this thing, and the box is cute, like really well thought this. You can work on this thing. I like that. You have the red dot designer. Did you have this? You have red dot designer, word

Speaker  213904:00
on the on the kid range, right? Yeah, and then on another adult range, but not the one you looked at

Speaker  215669:20
that's, that's a very, very prestigious award,

Speaker  216581:20
guys, guys, you can just pay for it. Basically, I they pretend they elect you, but as long as you present the product nicely, you win.

Speaker  219450:40
Oh, good to know. But it's perceived really well. So all those awards, you have to scream more. You can work more on this thing, like I can really see the lines where it connected. You should not

Speaker  223018:40
and that, okay, let's just go back to the go back to the listing we were looking at. Because, there was Constantine did mention a red dot award. But I guess if you didn't win it for that one, you can't use it. A lot of comments about the beige. Sabina says beige background can be lighter and cleaner, but agrees with the more white space. I guess, Sabina, are you saying you like, you like beige backgrounds?

Speaker  229296:00
Look we did this. I presented in New York.

Speaker  230117:20
So I guess, have you by trying to make the adult one look more adult. Have you? Has that come at the expense of not having it pop off the page in the same way that the kids ones do and those other listings do.

Speaker  234517:20
Look at this. This is also made with Besh colors. We did this design just for the MDS New York chapter, and I hope they didn't change it. But it's also in beige colors. It's all AI. There's no no photography. It was done fast, so it is not like super crazy detailed, but it's easier on your eyes, and it's more organized, built for comfort, made to last relief from sciatic and tailbone pain, so hits the nails in the head, right? He forgot to update it. But, like, we have a mistake here.

Speaker  247461:20
But where is that Fedora saying helpful to have more contrast between the copy in the background white and beige doesn't stand out and the copy gets lost. So, yeah,

Speaker  250629:20
yeah, you need just to work on the design.

Speaker  251562:40
Okay, all right, June's got a couple of points. June, do you want to unmute?

Speaker  253338:40
Yeah, there was that image in the a plus there where you showed the girl's photo. I think it's one of your listing images. But also in your A plus, you have it overlaid on product images, so you can't see your product. You see her smiling, but she's not doing anything. So the focal point is not the product, and it's not how I use the product either. So it just looks really off for me.

Speaker  259792:00
That's true. Good point. I'm focusing on her face instead of focusing on the product.

Speaker  261312:00
Yes,

Speaker  261621:19
I probably,

Speaker  261989:20
and her face doesn't tell me anything about the product. So that's why I was like, okay, that's really weird. You could just offset it and even like, why does it directly overlap all these images, right?

Speaker  265333:20
And now you don't look her in the eyes, you look at the product. So you can zoom more and you can turn that product towards the customer. More. That's a very good point.

Speaker  268986:40
June, you made another point about the photo obscuring the product details. Was that in the image stack, or was that in the a plus?

Speaker  272650:40
Um, Constantine said, maybe you could say umani red dot award winner, 2024 rather than just say it's for the brand rather than for the Yeah.

Speaker  275631:59
If you scroll down on this page, there's that one image this one, see how she all these images are cutting off the photos of the product as well.

Speaker  278661:20
Yeah, here it's, like, really cropped down, not

Speaker  279445:20
just this one, but the one further down, because you have like, five or six lunchbox photos, but her photo goes right over all of them, not this one, but the one below this one's a bit too busy, and the typography, the spacing, the line spacing, is weird. You want to make the bullet point smaller so it's not so distracting. It's hard to read.

Speaker  286362:40
Guys agree, like we need to step up on the design. Like when, when you know that the when you launch something, maybe right, if you're not sure, but you do 1700, units a month already. I'd polish everything. I will do so much better instantly, because it's clear, it's nicer. You look like a more solid brand.

Speaker  292672:00
The key thing you read here is 21,000 plus reviews. The reviews themselves are not what matters. They're too big. So that text could be a lot smaller. You want to focus on the five stars when you say, Oh, mommy and other brands, great, but then make the bullet points more clear. Make them contrast right now, you're making other brands pop instead of your bullet points, because the contrast in theirs makes the white stand out more on their background, the bullet points should be much closer together. And then, yep, and then when you say at work for meal prep and on the go, that's completely lost on me, that should be much bigger. You don't need the word for in that, by the way. You could just say meal prep, and then focus on the benefit with the product. So I really get what you're trying to do, like, Oh, this is how I use it.

Speaker  306240:00
Where are the slides? You can have slides and, like, at work, meal prep on the go and slide them and have more engagement as well. But you need space between them. This is really close and tight. This is big, this is small, and this hierarchy is not respected. Well, yeah, everything is super tight, and you have so much space.

Speaker  312645:20
All right, so we're going to move on now. We're going to do, can we do the mastectomy pillow next? Thanks a lot,

Speaker  314805:20
Andrei, maybe we do this one I'm more interested in, like this one.

Speaker  316554:40
Sure go for it. Yeah, do 15 minutes on this one and 15 minutes on the pillow.

Speaker  317594:40
Yeah, sounds good. Stop me when, when it's time. Okay, yeah, huge potential in the product. My my personal perception, first of all, if you're in the in the audience, cool, awesome. You have a super big edge on everyone else. You're a physician or whatever, that scientist that studies this and knows the product so huge potential. Even though I'd work on how everything looks, it's it's thrown together. Why'd you chose to have a badge background for this. I took my chance, and I, I just did your new main image. So, like, I did a telemetrics listing simulation. And it just look, look how you can look like you losing so much space. And this is just GPT,

Speaker  330677:20
yeah, that's much better. Yeah. So

Speaker  331210:40
look the boxes. But this is not designed this. I asked GPT to improve your package, to improve your image, and I just cleaned it up a little bit, and you now look much better.

Speaker  334522:40
That's what, just a simple prompt to the chat. UBC, yeah,

Speaker  335338:40
exactly. Here's the prompt, and i It's the first one. I just, can you take this product, improve the perception of this package. Make it look much better, more click desired, but maintain Label Label design. Have a pure white background. Make it feel more luxurious. My English is not the best. Guys like, you can prompt it even nicer per bullet points. Do this, this, this, and this, and just, tried with a few more options. But like, look like, we have this. I said it's too it loses itself. Then you can go back to, like, polish it like, make it more clear, and stuff like that. But this is GPT. You can get the idea from GPT, give it to a designer. It make it even better. There's ways and ways to make it better. And you can add a label with the stuff, but you can just kill it with this. It's really good. But then look you all over, like, this is kind of in the same colors, but you lost me. Like, this looks cheap. This is kind of okay, cute, maybe, but maybe too cute. We're making for women's but it has to be more accurate, because this is a very nice design. I really like the label. I really love the logo. It's really nice. I like the color choice. Everything is good. You just need to make everything else in the same style as this one, because let's, let's work with this one. Look. This is good. You go here. Here is the image. I don't like the hand. It's not well photographed. You can give it to GPT and say, make a nice hand with the same thing without this, like, just give her the hand. It will make a nicer hand. Then the bullet points, and you need a caption. What are you trying to say in one message? Because not everyone will want to read all of the bullet points. Someone will want to get just the gist of it. So I asked GPT, but I didn't have the time guys, because we had, like, 40 minutes before the call. And I said, summarize it and make me but it gave some good directions. And can give you directions. And it's like clinically inspired, naturally restorative. It's already better than this. You said you need something to focus the attention because they invested in your listing. They gave you a few seconds. If you don't respect their attention, and you scatter it, you don't focus it, you lose it. So it has to be on point. Then we go here, this kind of a little bit nicer, but, man, you have a full book here. It needs to be cleaner. Why so much stuff? Let's go on the listing, because I can't zoom like that. Okay, so look, it's too much going on. Why you write here? Pound kernel oil here, down, like, it's like, you lose me, estrogen, like, all this stuff, all these design elements, bullshit. I too much logo. Remove it. Delete it unnecessary information. Remove the noise, leave just the main information, and redesign it in the same color palette. Is not bad. It's pretty close, but I would work on this, how? And then here you throw me off, like, what the heck is this? It's like completely It's like somebody stole from China and just put something on top, like, this is your best seller, and you treat it like that. And then this, I'm not saying this is not the best image. You guys can do better. You can actually feed it to GPT and say, like, I don't like this woman is not clear. What is she doing? Where is she looking? She's looking at the product. Or No, like this can be done better in the same style as, never forget your label, you have a design code, you have to respect it. Kind of was like, I'm not a fan of this. This is not bad, but this is not your style. It's like you're trying different things with each image. Not good, very good information, but this is what you design like, I would give it this to a designer and make something beautiful out of it, because it's really nice information that something will someone will want to read and probably put this second or third image. This one, this is total crap. That's not good, good info, but not well placed. And don't get upset. I'm trying to be useful, right?

Speaker  407781:20
I think Kevin's on so you can go as hard as you like, but he would, I'm sure he'd be fine.

Speaker  409333:20
Hi, this is Janina. I'm under Sabina. I wasn't able to change the name, but Ayala and I are here from New Eve, and we're right on board with you. We want to figure out how to optimize these. I'm a little bit newer to the company. I have a design background, so I want to get in and start changing a lot of this. And Ayala is right on board as well. So the feedback is, is fantastic. So thank you.

Speaker  415866:40
Yeah, who's that's the owner, the founder,

Speaker  416560:00
that's the founder. Yes, yes, that's Dr.

Speaker  417360:00
Chang, okay,

Speaker  418128:00
Kevin who's an MDS, is He? Is he co founder, or

Speaker  419072:00
so? He's co founder, right? Yes.

Speaker  419680:00
Kevin Chan.

Speaker  420144:00
Kevin Chang, oh, he's actually Kevin Tao. Kevin Tao.

Speaker  420880:00
Kevin Tao, okay, correct. Okay,

Speaker  422064:00
I'm like, you have to change this yesterday. Ladies, absolutely, should be top priority. Top Top you have, like, like, a gem. Like, super good this. Where's the Where do you want me to focus? Up or bottom? Like, you have to prioritize information.

Speaker  427290:40
Agree, Agree.

Speaker  427626:40
This is something you give to the designer, not put on Amazon, right, right. So, this pretty good. I don't know how is Amazon looking with all of this thing, but pretty good. But, like, very simple, I like the font. Good this. It's like, lost me, like I'm getting angry because it's like, why, right? Like this has to be so good. You can be a top brand. Like this is how you you can look like this, with that, with that logo, with everything you have like, like that. Yeah, yeah, this is cool. We just

Speaker  438101:19
rebranded. We went through changing packaging and everything. So we're going through a whole rebrand right now. We just got new images, and so we are really trying to optimize all of our listings right now. I think that's yeah, it's definitely something that we're focusing on.

Speaker  442037:20
I can see the old logo like, Yeah, this is so much better, but this thing, just delete it right away. Like, I can't read the logo on top. It just throws me off right away, flowers, but you have to set a mood. Like it has to be different, like you can read that. That's not good. This too much text, too much text, and it shouldn't be only about the founder everywhere. Like, too much founder, like, why do I need to see you here? And here it's like, yeah, it's your product. But like, come on. Like, it's about the vaginal product. Make the brand stand out. Like, look clean, clean. I don't see a lot of big brands talking that much about the founder. We're focused too much about ourselves. And I know that a lot of us want to do that and want to put us everywhere. But look at, I don't know, like even them, these guys, you don't see the founder. You look at, who's that? Where is Yeah, Mary Ruth, like, she's the logo. She is the person you don't see that much, like you lost one image. And if I do a test, it will be harsh. People will say, like, why do I need to see you? It's like, you have to make first the image has to be really nice, really, really, really, really nice and clean and in the style with your branding, and then see where people want to see it, like do some tests, where people will vote and give you the feedback on specific image, on seller metrics, you can actually get feedback per each image. They will rate and give you comment, actually praise you or shit on the image, and you'll see that, and it's really useful. Like you see, you don't see David wives on on that. You see her on the brand. That's it. They are on social media. On social media, talk about yourself, present the product brand. The product be the person behind the brand on the listing itself should be about the product. Excuse me, I'm here to buy the product, not to see three pictures of you. And I'm not hating I'm just like, really emotional about this, because it's really important, and this has been, has to be the focus. So I I'd probably focus in that direction. You have an amazing brand, an amazing potential. Thank you. And it's super expensive. So like, come on, that's, that's really good. And here, waste of space. There's nothing like this. Nobody reads. Don't put much information. Burst of information, like bullet points. I think we're good.

Speaker  483216:00
All right. If anyone else had any other suggestions on this listing, please put them in the chat. That that would be great. Thank you. Do you want to just quickly show what it looks like from the search from search results, just to see how the main image and title looks on the search results?

Speaker  488085:20
Excuse me. Do you want

Speaker  488405:20
to just put the main search term in and show just how the listing looks in the search results?

Speaker  490005:20
Yep, it looks like crap because it's too small. The product is it's really tiny. In the main image, it loses itself like it's really look how big is this one, and your logo is, by any chance, not even not, not worse than this. It's much not I like it. You look like Neutrogena, like it's Kat's medics, so it's good vulva, bulk, come on. Like, really jumps. I can see it right? It's like, cheeky and a little bit, maybe too much, but it screams, right? And who comes this is a pain solving problem, and it's probably huge, so own it go crazy. Like, I really like this thing. Like, I don't know if I would go with that kind of like, but it's medicine. Mama, amazing, amazing. Look, looks good. Look at this package and look at yours, like you can, and I think you'll do as good as them, probably better. Oh shit, 400 half a million bucks. Amazing, amazing. But you guys on the right path, if you do those changes, I think you'll just kill it.

Speaker  510698:40
Yeah, I agree. Thank you.

Speaker  511322:40
By no chance I'm not hating I'm just, like, trying to be helpful. So, oh

Speaker  512384:00
no, yeah, and it's absolutely helpful. Thank you, my pleasure.

Speaker  513968:00
Let's do the Miss Ameil Now, yeah,

Speaker  515184:00
probably could be personal taste. I don't like her face in here, like, it's like, I'm not sure this is the best, but you have to test because this is for women. This is a really sensitive product. It's people who go through cancer, usually breast cancer, and they they remove a breast so, like that serious. So you have to speak comfort. Probably that's what they're trying to do. You have to really see what kind of mood is this image. If she's projecting the right atmosphere, probably good. I like the main image overall, except that, and I would go with chat GPT and try different faces and see how that works. And I'll come back to the faces again. But I like that you show the clips very, very, very smart you're showing that has a phone. You can put the phone the pocket, amazing. But some women might say, Listen, I just cut my breast and I put a phone on top that would press on my chest, I don't know. So I'm just, I may be speaking bullshit, right? I don't know crap about that, but pressure, maybe, maybe. So this is just Andrei speaking, that doesn't have boobs, this interesting, large coverage. But this thing doesn't look beautiful, like, the product looks amazing, but the cord, I would do the cord with GPT to look like, really sexy, like, nicer, like, and shouldn't go like that. It should go like this, in this direction to kind of like, it can go really nicely. Like, and just like, a little bit playful with the text, large coverage size, really nice. Good. Caption typography is pretty good. Medium, but icons Nice. Boobs looks okay, cute. Everything is good. Like, here is really good. Like, this part brilliantly made. Like, design wise, 10 out of 10 you go here, okay, adopt your body right away. Delete the freaking logo. It shouldn't be there. Like, why do you want me to look there? It bothers like, right? It's like, you want me to read this, look at this and read these things. That's it, because you you worked on, like, having a clean image, and then you stop, you put your logo. And honestly, I'm not a fan at all at the log. I think it's kind of outdated. This needs to be upgraded, like 3d stuff, but I'm not sure about that. But personal opinion so that take it with a grain of salt. She writing something I don't know. Okay, okay, good, very good. Can be improved. Again, seat belt protection. I would really, really, really, really love to see different models. It's like, you have just one model like this gets you know that it when you do those videos. So, like, I'm researching YouTube and all that stuff, and they say that it's like, you need to change the frame so you don't, people don't get bored of yourself seeing you like, in the same frame, right? Because it's like, if you zoom out, zoom in, like, change the frame, do a bureau and stuff like that. Same here, like, we can have different people now with GPT, so easy, and that would look so much better, so more engaging, because we move here, it's it's her again, she looks like that actress, I don't remember, but like that. That's good, but maybe it's too much having her everywhere. She's cute, but like, I don't like this option, but like, here's so much better. But again, same person everywhere. No handy double pockets, all gel packs the phone or small essentials. You guys better at English, so I don't know, looks okay to me. A thoughtful recovery gift. This kind of makes sense together. But I'd like, for example, your opinion on you guys, opinion on on, on combining these two things. But I think it makes sense there. Exactly Drew Barrymore, exactly, exactly this one. So much pillow. Are the pillows, okay, pain free, driving adjustable strap from your plush, soft, full chest size recovery gift, come on, recovery gift, that's, that's just like, move this and have more. You know that you'll be more efficient if you say less in a better way than having more things, right? If I'll go continue rambling and rambling and rambling, get bored if I say you just a few things make more sense. I think here's the same thing, and people, you have to be careful. I've seen this in so many tests. You have to be careful with that kind of information, because a lot of people, people have a pretty high standard of attitude of, I don't know how to say like, they don't like when you ship to other brands and like, it's like, come on, talk about yourself. Don't, don't put other brands down. So the way you say this has to be really thoughtful and strategize well, so you don't look like, Ah, it's like, unsupported claims. Like, like, come on. Like, you don't have a chance. Like, how can you prove it? Or, like, how can that guy protect himself, whatever. So, like, this needs to be tested and see how it works. Just remove it and see if you put something else in this image, how it will do. But overall, sometimes they work pretty efficiently. So a summary, pretty good. I don't know what other people are doing in the market, but let's just test it, and let's jump past mastectomy, mastectomy pillow. I'm really familiar with the niche, and it's pretty sensible, so, okay, okay, let me shut down helium,

Speaker  618005:20
drop, whatever. We don't have time. Yeah, your your main image, I think, is the best, from what I see here is like, pretty solid. This one is not bad as well, but kind of busy. I like how the photo of the product is really good, but this is too much. Yeah, someone copied you. Yours is the best, and I like the color. The color is really, really good.

Speaker  626192:00
They have, they have multiple colors available, right?

Speaker  627136:00
Yeah, yeah, they do. They do. They do. That's cool. This, if you go a plus, ah, no, no, no, no, no, this was so much better. Like I like this design. Adapt everything to this design, no logos. Yeah, I know you love your brand, but nobody cares about the brand until you build it. Then people are associating you with the quality and with the brand and with the story, with emotions and stuff like that. So you brand one time, and that's it feels like this part, I like it. This one is like, you make it about the logo instead of like and the mastectomy pillow and come on product description. So here you can say something really impactful, and you chose to say, again, I came to buy mastectomy pillow. Like, I'm not a dummy I know. Like, that's why I came here. Tell me more about you. Tell me about why solve my pain. Like, talk about the company somehow. Like, about the brand where? Like, why is this helpful? Like, just, like, impress me, be nicer with this. Like, but great. It's like, faded. It's like, this kind of stuff. It's not good. This is over. Too busy. Doesn't do good again. You just, you love your brand. You like your logo. One two, I'd go more modern on this. You have a lot of products you can show in different way. This waste of you just, like, too much. I do it a little bit different. It's really nice images. What if you go and you make a slide out of this, and you just, like, give it a nice four slides. Big, like big like this, with with this information, how wonderful it will look. You just slide the new read, because I this. I'm like, Ah, too much. But when it's a slide and it's one at a time, it feels like I just read one, but you gave me four, you fed me four, but I'm reading one at a time, and if I want, I chose to get that cognitive load or not, instead of you throwing me all at once, like, that's a really important term in like, psychology of visuals, you let me choose you kind of fool me that I'm, like, in control of, like, how I'm I'm absorbing this information, right? So what that

Speaker  669130:40
Okay, so we got some good suggestions.

Speaker  669786:40
Talk about this one. Sorry. Oh yeah, yeah. June is giving feedback, and I think she's talking about this one, yeah,

Speaker  673184:00
yeah, the color ways don't look right. It looks like Ameil designer because the purple doesn't match the background. Why is her t shirt black and then her backgrounds black? They didn't pick complementary colors to the purple so the purple would pop better. Looks like Ameil designed it actually, but most

Speaker  678405:20
products are

Speaker  678645:20
designed for women.

Speaker  679237:20
Yeah, more empathy, right? Like it has to be more calmer.

Speaker  680453:20
Maybe I think women do most of the shopping, so you still design like you do, subconscious visual cues more for women. But yeah, it just looks really weird to me.

Speaker  684682:40
Guido saying that he needs to fill out the from the brand module as well. And then Constantine is also saying, like, you could show different he could show different colors in the image stack, just so that, I think for the purple listing it doesn't have to be all purple pillows, and like for the black listing, doesn't have to be all black pillows, you can remind people there's other colors and make it look nicer that way as well. Sabina had some good feedback as well. Sorry. I know you said that's not actually your name. Actually your name.

Speaker  694677:20
Janina, yes, yeah.

Speaker  695061:20
Do you want to just go through your feedback on this one quickly?

Speaker  696021:20
So when I look at that first image immediately, I just think, oh, phone on chest. Maybe they had cancer, they had mastectomy, radiation, like, that's what I think. So maybe a book in there, or something, or

Speaker  700122:40
something light, something does, doesn't, that doesn't psychologically triggers that this is heavy, would be heavy on my chest, right? So, like,

Speaker  701866:40
right, right pressure as well. Yeah, what

Speaker  704026:40
I said, maybe a magazine.

Speaker  706114:08
June, did you have anything else you wanted to add?

Speaker  707122:08
Oh, I just it doesn't look comfortable, and it doesn't make the product pop, and it like, I mean, the background colors don't complement the product, so it just doesn't look that attractive. I guess they Yeah, a lot of black on the people in the background, and it's really neutral colors, but it doesn't make the product look great. Yeah.

Speaker  713765:20
So this guy also mentioned that some new competitors have come in and started doing, started doing quite well. So I think it's probably an indication that it is a good market, and that with a listing refresh and the right strategies, could start to regain more market share.

Speaker  717674:40
Again, they literally copy your tooth to tooth. It's crazy purple, but her face is more comfortable.

Speaker  720624:00
Oh yeah, that one looks much better, yeah.

Speaker  721823:59
And the product looks, I think it's Photoshop, like hell. And they put a phone as well. They thought, like, oh, phone must be working for them, for the phone, remove the freaking phone, put something else, like, I don't know, a mask, a sleeping mask, something like a pouch of something, just to know that you have something there. Like this can be thoughtful, really, really, can spend time on that. This is probably better than all your images together. Like, I don't know, to me, like, because it's like, it shows that you can do that and you can drive this is crap, but they're coming after you. So unless,

Speaker  734122:40
if you have an unoptimized listing that's doing respectable, at least respectable sales, and then someone comes across it, looking for new ideas, they're going to be like, Ah, this listing is not even optimized, and it's making money, and it's just inviting someone to come in with a better listing.

Speaker  738656:00
You have to look really, really strong. So people like, ah, that would be a hard one to bite so complicated.

Speaker  741248:00
And then, yeah, and then they're going to come in with zero reviews and without a listing. That's going to be competitive. Is less likely they're going to be able to come in, because a lot of our products get ripped off quite a lot, but very rarely does it actually make that much of a dent in our sales.

Speaker  746517:20
Yeah, anyone has a new product, whatever, something else to look for, I

Speaker  747802:40
think we have to wind it up. We have to wind it up here, unless, if you want to keep going, Andrei, you can do you want to keep going? Because I'm all have to leave. So just for anyone else that has to leave, what's the best way if anyone wants to get hold of you? Andrei, of

Speaker  752976:00
you, Andrei, reach me out on Facebook, and we'll, 100% do much better than that. We have women's designers, by the way, they know photography and they know typography and good so, yeah, always glad to help guys. Thanks so much for the opportunity to be with you on the call. Love you all. Do you want to if I've got

Speaker  758917:20
to go Andrei, but if you want, you can stick on with anyone else that wants you to have a look. Someone has

Speaker  760149:20
questions. I'm here.

Speaker  760773:20
I know Dan had a listing. So if anyone else has got a listing that you'd like Andrei to have a look at, then you can put it in

Speaker  762309:20
Absolutely, absolutely.

Speaker  762789:20
But if you are about to jump off, then please click on the air table and give feedback on this call. Let us know.

Speaker  765034:40
Let us know

Speaker  765338:40
your opinion about the call. I'm going to have to jump off. But Andrei, if anyone wants to stay on with Andrei and look at a couple more listings. You guys have fun, and I'll have to check out the recording. Consulting said Dan was first.

Speaker  769904:00
Where is Dan's the image?

Speaker  770640:00
Alright, I'll catch you guys later on.

Speaker  771216:00
Yeah, sure. Where is, where is that? Okay, okay, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Mg, okay, I a second. So with 132 reviews, you already do, 21k 700 that's that's cool. The label sucks though, that it can go better like it's not bad. Good idea. Good idea. But you can, you can kill it just like I would look, let's do this thing right? I like, this is my. First thing that I do is I go to GPT and like, can you make this bottle, supplement bottle. Let me give him context.

Speaker  789680:00
I let him, and I like, feeding off of ideas with that. And then so I bought my designers GPT plans. And like, give them all the AI tools and training on them. And like, guys just, like, abuse it, the crap out of it until you get maximum it just gives you ideas. Then starting from a clean slate is one, but when they have all of this, yeah, yeah, looks flat absolutely and this thing can be so much better. You can put it like a tag on top, like it can be more expensive.

Speaker  799450:40
Yes, it can go three times bigger on this one.

Speaker  802240:00
Hey, Andrei, hey, thanks for doing it. So you're saying three times bigger, as in sales,

Speaker  804448:00
no, no, just you can go a little bit better with this one bigger.

Speaker  805845:20
You have no idea how much effort it took to allow Amazon to accept that badge any size, bigger they they say there's text in a badge, and you need to remove us,

Speaker  808693:20
yeah, because you made the rookie mistake, you made it exactly like a freaking badge, like with, with, like ribbons, like clean it, try a different style. It can be an art unorthodox style. It can be some shape interesting. It shouldn't be a gold seal is really cool, but it can, like, there's so much more we can do with this, but probably may require reprinting the label. But I want to try to understand this is magnesium,

Speaker  815866:40
yeah,

Speaker  816202:40
Spectrum five. Okay, I've done a lot of magnesium products,

Speaker  818720:00
Shauna health. That's the brand, right? Yep. What's that H, and that's the brand

Speaker  820656:00
logo on the SH logo, yeah, dude.

Speaker  821328:00
Like, it shouldn't be there. Like it's not it's feeding me. Like, like, this is part of the of the product, instead of being the logo five in on the MG, interesting. Something is working from if this is doing so well, we because the

Speaker  826229:20
whole idea was in a sea of millions of magnesiums. Like, if you were to search of magnesium, they're all the same. Ours really pops off because it's different. It has the MG, obviously, magnesium, but like, is stands out and everything else. So I think that's one part of the success. Obviously, there's a lot of things you can improve, improve, but the MG like the way it looks. It looks different than everything else in the market. I was part of, you

Speaker  834800:00
know, this feel like the backyard in school, right? It's constantly it's like, design sucks, style sucks. The mg is a really interesting thing, but magnesium complex is the smallest thing on your label, right? Like I would spectrum five. Why spectrum five so big versus

Speaker  840405:20
we're doing we're doing tic tac, and spectrum five is the keyword, and it was smaller before we had more information. So the actual label looks a little different. But because people are searching spectrum five, that's the keyword that they're using, we wanted that to be more front facing, so that people know that they got the product, the correct product. That's the idea behind it being so big and front facing. Yeah.

Speaker  849024:00
No, Kat's thing. I just need a haircut and a shave.

Speaker  850432:00
You need to work on this. Okay, you can.

Speaker  851792:00
What's the main image? What about the overall listing? Like, can you tell me?

Speaker  852608:00
Spectrum, magnesium. Okay, that's good. That's pretty good. I like it. The idea, it's, it's not bad. Why spring? You don't prep on someone else. You just imply interesting design has nothing to do with what you have over here. Like, absolutely, this looks like, I don't know, like, some kid did it? This is really interesting. Like, I like the style. This looks modern, like, cool, really, really magnesium, really interesting, really interesting approach.

Speaker  860522:40
Magnesium from the ocean, therefore the water. Like,

Speaker  861210:40
yeah. Well, what the heck is this? Then? Like, why is this in a different style? Like, why are you playing with styles? One style, two style, third style, this. And this is not quite the same as almost. Then this is, like, completely different. What? It's not bad. I like it. But like, Sona health, remove Sona health. Come on. Like, it's like, why have it in there? Have it on top or have it at the bottom, if you want. I like your logo. Do you you have among the small like, I don't. I don't like all the logos. Your brand is really cool, but I don't think you have to show it everywhere. Really cool, but it's different. Okay, this is good. I left nursing people stay out of hospitals. Really cool. You have to test if people really like this thing showing you, because I like your image here, but it's like Tinder shot. It's a good image right now. You have to see if people will connect to that. Probably will. So, yeah, I mean,

Speaker  878250:40
on Tiktok, people do like that. It's founded by a nurse like that's one thing that brings more trust to the brand. I believe.

Speaker  880186:40
Why not talk about that here and have more space?

Speaker  881216:00
Because it's a new thing. Like, we just made that image. Recently started adding them to listings.

Speaker  882976:00
So this looks like shit. This is such a nicer design. Yeah, the This is amazing. Like, this is designer, right? Like, I like it. This is cool. I know you guys may not agree, but like, I just preference. Like, I like it. This AI stuff, really cool. I like it. It's cute. This is good. It's a different design. It's just, there's no harmony in your designs. There's no connectivity, it doesn't flow. That's it. But did this guy did something. They still suck at it, but, like, it's already, I think, a little bit better than yours that. But if you go like 2050, options, like it will it will be better. But I would really rework this thing. Mg is so big, maybe, like, Sona health can be small, slightly smaller, and Sona health can be here.

Speaker  898064:00
But like main, the main thing for conversions like, what would you

Speaker  899648:00
have to grab my attention? You take 27 bucks, so it has to look more premium. I want to see what kind of magnesium is that? What kind of magnesium is that? Dude like, where is your freaking ingredients list supplement where you don't know that should be your second stuff, your second image. That's what they look for this. Put this here, you automatically sell more this. This is bullshit. Most probably, this may work, but I would put this like instead of probably like instead of this, because this is just design I don't want this is not bad, but like, I put you down in the same design stuff, because it's a good design. This design is really good. I'll put it down, make it wide, and focus around the brand. So like, first thing, like, this could be right word at the bottom right, probably should be at the bottom in the a plus down. So, like, people came and, like, okay, the founder, and that's really cool, someone legit, right? But this, this is quintessential. Probably people rate them so two times,

Speaker  921285:19
yeah, I don't know why, like, we deleted the old image stack, but for some reason, it doesn't want to remove effect.

Speaker  923109:20
Yeah, okay, next.

Speaker  924554:40
Thank you. Thank Andrei. My

Speaker  924922:40
pleasure. My pleasure. Okay, Constantine, you have good stuff. I like it so busy though, like there's a lot going on here. Did you? Did you test it and this view does better?

Speaker  928864:00
Yes, yes, I did. And it pops out more in search result, if you, if you look at everyone else,

Speaker  930384:00
yeah, like, I know what you did, because we talked a lot and we shared so let's, let's, let's, let's see how you look in in search. Because I like it. I like the branding in the beginning when you went with it, ah, what?

Speaker  936053:20
Just type multivitamin for dogs or something like that. Sorry.

Speaker  938981:20
Okay, yeah, you stand out. Somehow you stand out. I think you're a little bit too busy with the claims on the label, but you stand out. And I can like this guy, this is bullshit. It's like, what's that? Too much stuff. This is clean. This is this is optimum nutrition. Style, copied one to one, licked. This is pretty cute. That sucks. This is nice. It's nice, but maybe too, too much. Maybe I would try, like, a little bit well, the

Speaker  948048:00
that's how the real one looks, and when you get it in your hands, it's the same. It's got the gold. I it.

Speaker  950885:20
People love their animals like pets is amazing. Yeah, it looks good.

Speaker  951909:20
Also, dogs don't talk.

Speaker  953381:20
They just eat, like I like what they did to me, your stuff here covers all of this beauty stuff here. So why do you have this thing here? Like, why here and here? Like, double I won't have it here.

Speaker  957946:40
Okay, I'll make a note of that.

Speaker  958954:40
Why don't you put the stake facing horizontally, and then you basically can, you can put two pieces, like one two or like, just one, right? And it'll be juicier. You can make it a little bit more juicer, if you want to grab attention to it. But it looks good. I'm like, I want a piece of taste.

Speaker  964304:00
Well, we introduced the bacon flavor, so I needed to differentiate the two jars. Somehow, you

Speaker  967029:20
have a lot going on here. So, like, I was thinking, like, maybe we should do this tag in a different color, but like, it's already busy. So like I would, I would just get rid of this, because this is interesting. And now you have, I know what you're doing, dude, you went for the mobile vertical like you want to grab, yeah, yeah, yeah, sneak your bastard. That's really good. That's smart. That's really smart. You're covering absolutely every inch of this, this image. That's cool.

Speaker  975770:40
I do with the main image, but the rest are not this much.

Speaker  976576:00
That's cool. I love it like this is cool, complete.

Speaker  977248:00
And then the test that does as number one, because it's it's kind of like ingredients, but it's not because the next image is actual supplement.

Speaker  979776:00
I'd move probably a little bit product with the dog you slightly to the left, to give a little bit of space here, it will feel a little it will breathe a little bit more. Because you have this in, in an container, you can lift it up just slightly so it give more space to this. And this can slightly go down, slightly, slightly. So then this thing would have a little bit more space, but I'd give you 9.5 out of 10. Like, it's a really good one. I like the brand. Like, I like how this looks here more than it looks here, but I know what you're doing with the main image, so this won't do the trick. This looks like full and has a lot and has more perception wise, you probably play with a mind that gonna get more you'll be stuck to the brim when I'll get the supplement next one. Oh, this is, you see, you see Dan, that's what you show in the second image. During the third image, you have your supplement. Things Up to hunt like, beautifully, beautifully made. This is really cool. I like it. I don't have anything to say about this image. Probably better than I'll do it like it's really good. Dog weight charts. These packs get you you really spend the time to think about this way you want. You looking for a job, dude,

Speaker  1003205:20
this is cool. I have a backup plan. Great.

Speaker  1004186:40
Just in case, I've got you daily multivitamin. What to expect? What to expect from a daily vitamin? Maybe no.

Speaker  1007066:40
Well, what to expect is the is the focus, like, what? What am I getting here?

Speaker  1008608:00
I get you really nice. Maybe they can go slightly lower, because I feel like you have a lot of white space. But this is picking like, this is really good.

Speaker  1011792:00
It could make the text larger, I suppose.

Speaker  1012496:00
Yeah, it's large enough. I would just lower it a little bit. You don't have to do it bigger. It's already really you have enough good big information. Okay, the other guys, pop choice, okay, that's pretty cool, pretty generic. Speaking about other brands, pop choice, PhD, indoor, science based, real results backed by reviews, clean, purposefully, purposefully ingredients. I don't know if I'm reading correctly. Do correctly, build around dogs well being, huh? I'd put this thing first. Built because, dude, they care about dogs and pets, same as we care about kids. So this is really solid build is like you show that you care. I heard there was a podcast, I think my first million and I don't remember who was there, but they were talking about empathy. There was about a restaurant or guy, right restaurants, and they were saying that there's this subscription box for pet stuff like food and whatever. And they say that we have a problem. Dogs live 1015, years, and they die, and when your dog, you lost your love, beloved dog, and this package shows up to your door and like, the fuck is this? Like, really? Like, I don't need your subscription box right now. So they usually complain and say, like, I just lost my dog. You're sending me this twist. How'd you know? And they're like, oh, absolutely Sorry, just like our bad whatever. A few days later, a box shows to their door with a really cared message and a Kat's flowers and a really nice message saying, like, really like,

Speaker  1040352:00
so if they lost the dog, you lost the customer. So, so it's not gonna increase your lifetime.

Speaker  1041888:00
No, no, is it? Everyone who lose the dog? Usually, 90% of people go and buy another dog. Yes and yes, and they say, and by the way, that box, give it to someone else. Give it to a shelter. It's free. It's absolutely and here's a gift for you and our condolences. And they say that that thing increased a lot. The retained, because once they do something like that, you'll probably get another dog. You'll not go to another brand because they cared about you. They said, I'm I'm sorry for your loss, right? So build our own dog's well being. I leave this message up. It will really help. I think, real result, clean proposal, ingredients, yeah, everything. This first, then PhD, real results, clean proportion. And this one, this real, real results, baked back by reviews. I would be last. So, first, second, third, fourth, and this doesn't matter. Maybe I like this one, but your dog is so shiny, it's probably maybe a little bit too shiny, but you have to see maybe it works better, I don't know, but it looks the retriever looks good, but it's a little bit too shiny, but I like the design. The design is good health.

Speaker  1060672:00
Well, you cannot say word reviews, right? So it picks up, but, but you can use the stars and play.

Speaker  1062293:20
I like the design. I like the floating things, healthy trades, no, very good typography. It's really cute. And engagement, it's good. Oh, peak year. No problem. Let us know that's good. I like it. Love it.

Speaker  1066485:20
Number one return. I mean, negative review is my dog didn't like it, so one or 100 dog smells it doesn't like it, walks away. They just lost the money.

Speaker  1069210:40
So why don't you put it somewhere here, probably, and maybe you should reiterate this in the bullet points here. Okay, this is good. But your design here, I think it's even better than like, this is good. This probably needs a little bit of work, design wise, just like, just a little bit making more space for the dog. Just like, put those badges every just drag it down. Doggy will have a little bit more space under the chin, small stuff. But really helps. Actually, I look at it and I like it made in the USA. I don't like, I don't like the arrangement of this thing, but I like they. Like the way it's made. Like, I'd probably try to align it on the left side, I don't know, try with premium ingredients, Made in USA with premium ingredients that, yeah, that's cool. Whole body, maybe too much text. No, you don't have, you

Speaker  1084618:40
have, well, on mobile, if you change it to mobile, it's, it's a different view has less text on mobile, because a plus, you can have different

Speaker  1087354:40
dogs stay strong, just like the dogs daily. Okay, that's cool. You need a video.

Speaker  1089968:00
I like this. This is really cool. I feel you're a little bit heavy. Switch them above you, but it's really good, dude. I don't know how to do it here.

Speaker  1093493:20
Well, there's a well, next time there's an extension, you can just do it from the browser, and then

Speaker  1095461:19
let's see what it will do if I do like that. No, it won't. It's not responsive, but it's not bad. I like it. I like this. This feels a little bit like it's kind of too much. I would, I would have just the paw come here, not the head as well. It feel like it's like, it's like pushing on, on the head of Dr McCarthy. Who's that? Whatever. Like the PA, I like the path thing that it goes, but like him, like, maybe twist it just a little bit, or just, like, lower. It's really cool. I love it. But you need videos and you need slides. You need slides. You could have this information probably in slides. Well, then you can say more with less. You can cut it. It's like, do you need all of this? Like both?

Speaker  1108816:00
Well, I think the using seven large images is like an easy way to design. Yeah,

Speaker  1111285:19
you can have this in a separate one, but I really like it. Okay, do we have another one? Deepak? Okay, cool, let's go. Okay, let's look at your framing. Okay, good. I don't know, but main image looks like a pack of tea to me. Why the box looks so cheap to me? It's kind of simple, but it needs it's not bad, but looks like a pack of tea, like Earl Gray, London, Earl Gray, something like that. Would you like a cup of tea?

Speaker  1124354:07
Yeah, I think you can do much better than that. We just wanted to get some key, key USPS on the main image. Because, you know, like any other category, it's very, very busy category. So many products sell much cheaper. So we wanted to scream out the thread count and all that up front.

Speaker  1129477:20
Dan, if you're a premium staff, you never sell that kind of product in that, kind of, like a tea bag, box, okay, have, like, a really premium, high end box, like you saw we did the, yeah, where is that one?

Speaker  1134250:40
Yeah, this, like, this, probably

Speaker  1134682:39
this box would look better on you, like, you can go with a cardboard. There's a lot of, like, walk ups with, like, really good quality of this. I like the sheets, really good, well made, dude. Why? Why? Why? Why you do this?

Speaker  1139712:00
Get your blood pressure going.

Speaker  1141040:00
I like the great team. I delete the freaking frame. Just have her and, like, change it. Like, it's great. She can be, like, full frame, completely, and this, like, white clean, like, just reach out. It will just do. I'd love to work on your product. What's in this set? Okay, now this, you see, you just use this one. You can use her. And just like, Copy, Paste this, everything on a white and it will be so much better, nice, beautiful. You don't have this, all this Windows, 2000 window in window. Yeah, this exactly again, you do yourself. Usually, you know what we do. Deepak, we try to make our images bigger. What are you doing? You make them smaller? No, I would like, just like, try to increase everything. Everything, yeah, have a freaking good images. Everything is good perfectly. I like the copy. I like the typography. Actually, I like it. Perfectly crafted is amazingly done, but deep pockets for perfect fit and style should come closer to perfectly crafted, because the distance between the text shows the relation to the text. That's the principle in design. So like you. It means you want to say that this is unrelated, so perfectly crafted and deep pockets for perfect fit and style. So comes closer, and you delete all the framing and everything goes big, and I can see a lot of details, because I don't want to do this. I can see right away. So, like, great idea. Shit, execution. Oh, you see big nicer. But again, why this is covering the product I did not do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and everything could look so much better with the with a better designer, like this, yeah, move it to the left and it just this, this, no, I if someone shows me this, like I was like, no, go, go home and do it again. Like, this has to go up and we can review again. Everything here, yeah, yeah. Constantine, exactly like there's so much and you can have a better box. I don't know what you ship in. Did you fool them with the with the box?

Speaker  1181418:40
Or So, this is the actual box. Some of the text that you see on the box is not on the actual box. It is digitally altered for attention, the box. The box looks like what it does, but it doesn't say all this soft cooling, you know, it's much cleaner. You know, it doesn't have this big 400 on,

Speaker  1187952:00
wait a second, dude, you're killing it. I didn't look at the numbers like, like, my god, like, come on, you can afford to put a better box on this. Just better box, batter box experience. When I received this thing, if you charge 42 bucks and, no, you charge 50 bucks, like, I want to receive it in a nice cardboard box that's thick, that's beautiful, that's crafted, that's designed, I can make you a freaking amazing box, amazing

Speaker  1195610:40
I already sent on your Facebook, so

Speaker  1196762:40
this can be so much better. But are you sure you need this?

Speaker  1197882:40
No, the reason why we put this is the number one reason for returns is people not realizing what shade they're buying. A lot of times, you know a shade when you compare with the next shade, like on your own, you cannot imagine a shade when you keep it next to other shades. You get the relativity you know, the relation to that shade. So now is it really tested out? No, but we have such massive returns. As in, we are still, quote, unquote best in the category. But with our numbers, those amounts are huge. So even you know few, few basis point left or right means a lot,

Speaker  1209861:20
okay, but what? Why not put in a plus or design it in a better way? Yeah, I mean, because they can be much smaller, they can be probably take this much of the space and still keep everything the same, right? Do you have of white? You have white and you have a caption where you explain, like, Why do I see this swatch? Right? This? No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, California design, then that's your brand.

Speaker  1218688:00
Yeah, it's

Speaker  1219024:00
amazing. I like the logo. I like everything. But like, it shouldn't be like that you're trying to say. What are you saying? What do you want to say? Right? Like, can be here, here, here, or just remove it and, yeah, Echo conscious, recyclable packaging, really, that's the best you could do with that. Okay, guys, you guys are cheap on like that. Like, come on this. Like, more. Like, spend you have. Do you have a product that sells better than this.

Speaker  1227765:20
This is our best selling product.

Speaker  1228437:20
I think you're relaxed now, like you're doing good and you're like, we improved, but like, no, no,

Speaker  1229829:20
you're not, we're not relaxed. In fact, you know, improving packaging and content is my I'm the founder. I'm taking this back in my hands to get it done. That's why. Okay, one

Speaker  1233050:40
thing, this can be better.

Speaker  1233434:40
Yeah,

Speaker  1233626:40
I like the idea, but it's not, it's not there, like first, it shouldn't be the logo. You have to have a message always, a strong, exceptional message everywhere, right? And execution is five, three out of five, out of 10x this. I like the copy, cool. I like this. Like this. Who did this? Did good. But rest No. Like, no. Like, this, full, absolutely full image. Oh, my God. Like, I like it so much I'd pay you No. Like, it's good. You're doing really, really, really, really well, but you can do so much better. I think if you polish it a little bit more, that box first should be better postcard design. Why is this story?

Speaker  1247626:40
I don't know why. What the designer did, honestly,

Speaker  1248272:00
dude, you Indians, right? You're from India. We're Pakistan.

Speaker  1249344:00
I'm from India.

Speaker  1249696:00
Okay, you guys all killing it in, like, in threads and in fabrics. I worked with another customer cotton print club. She's he's killing it as well. Like, you're killing it as well. That's amazing. Like, you guys know what you're doing here. Really nice California designs. Okay, I like it. I don't like the execution. Very basic, very, very basic. And again, you want to show premium package. Just remove this thing out of here. It's just like messing this. Yeah. Now, finally, one big image. This can be improved a lot. Like, I like this more than everything else, but it's here, and I'm not sure about this.

Speaker  1261450:40
Yeah, it's like a potpourri of things, because the designer left, and then, you know, we had to scrape it ourselves.

Speaker  1263706:40
You guys are doing amazing and like this. Oh, like this. Let's, let's look at this amazing image. But you can, you can hack this image. You can hack more. You can have the colors here at the bottom. Somehow you know what you don't show in the main image on the previous product, like the zoo Lai does at the bottom. I don't know if it will work in your category. Maybe not, but somehow we can do it on the box. We can design the box in a way that it shows a few colors as well at the bottom, like there's, there's things that can be done you guys, like framing the frame, that stuff. Okay, this is unclear. If it'd be bigger. I would have more information, more

Speaker  1274709:20
Yeah, and remove the frame

Speaker  1275002:40
exactly, exactly, exactly, yeah. Like, you don't need, like, you frame yourself. Like, okay, you're already framed by Amazon with this thing. When they can move all this bullshit here and give you more space, and you actually, no, no, I want less space for my images, right? And then here, okay, I don't like how it's made. It doesn't make sense. I would not touch the product in that way. You never cut. You never you never do that, that kind of stuff with your product. Your product is sacred. Whatever. I don't have to say, right? But, like, don't do that. Like, what if you use your product as a background now, like, product is the hero. Look, IKEA, how they do it, yeah, same, same stuff. Do have another guy? You have another Sorry man. Like, if you want to talk more with this, like, I'm, I'm

Speaker  1289317:20
your, I know I sent you. I appreciate it, Andrei, really, I did send you a note on Facebook.

Speaker  1290373:20
Yeah, yeah. I think, I think there's no more, right.

Speaker  1293402:40
Okay, what's that? Yeah, I don't think we have anything else. Dan Deepak, Constantine, yeah, yeah, that's That's it, yeah, you see those? Do you have the budget to add something like that as a box, like a more premium, like TWO THREE BUCKS box to not

Speaker  1299200:00
two three bucks, because the every penny is going to count. But we do have lot of creative ways to do a more premium looking like this, like this kind of box, right? And we can do gold embossing and gold foiling, all that stuff can be done

Speaker  1303717:20
thicker, thicker fabric,

Speaker  1304085:20
yeah, I mean the raised gold embossing

Speaker  1304901:20
with,

Speaker  1305093:20
you know, with, with a nicer box, we can do all that, but gold, expensive box we cannot, because, you know,

Speaker  1306661:20
gold, gold would add, like, 10 cents or eight cents to your box. Cost. You will not it will not add you 50 cents. It will not add $1 Oh, yeah, the difference in print. The difference in print is very minimal, but the perceived value is

Speaker  1310682:40
very high. You know, you get 10x

Speaker  1311434:40
i like the cardboard sealed with with vinyl on top that soft touch, and that would cost under one box. And you can do it with gold, with UV, like it will look super expensive. Or an E flute. E flute, I pay for my E flute 75 cents in Canada, in China, I can make it amazing for a cutting board. So probably you would pay sub one bucks for that as well. And for your volumes, that would be like, I don't know, 3040, 50 cents. And you can make amazing packaging amazing. It should be durable when I receive it, impress the shit out of me. So when I look at it's like, oh my god, I can't wait to put it on my bed. It should look scream luxurious, either crafted or luxurious. I'd go luxurious with you, because your logo, everything you do is like, California design Dan, come on, you should speak design. You take a big claim, California design Dan, so it should be really, really like, award winning shit. Come on, like, wow. Look at this. I like this. I like this. This is good. This is good cleaned. I like the font. I like the topography. This is mixed now. Now you jump into another style, and then this factory tour. Okay, that's you found cool. That's cool. I like it. But that caption, like this needs to be redesigned the store, amazing stuff. Love it. Dude, amazing like.

Speaker  1337461:20
So we just put this video, I think yesterday or day before. We just wanted to test. I mean, I don't know how we'll actually test, but my team said they want to see if this brings in more realism. You know, like that, we are the real deal. Because, you know, I mean,

Speaker  1341706:40
you are, it's just you don't. The design is shit, like it's, I'm angry. Man, I'm getting angry. This is nice. Like this. This part is cute.

Speaker  1345168:00
Yeah, the designer who did all this actually left, and he left for an agency that works apple.

Speaker  1346704:00
So this is good. This is so well made. This is not well made. The video is really good, but the caption I didn't like the Kat's

Speaker  1348896:00
thumbnail is not good. Yeah,

Speaker  1349216:00
you lose yourself the uniformity. Like, yeah, I hear you love to help. Like, this is good. This is clean. No, this I love. This is, this is solid. This is, this is top notch. This is amazing. Sick postcard. No, oh, guys, love, love, the love, the love. The meeting was amazing.

Speaker  1357274:40
Thank you, Andrei,

Speaker  1357562:40
thanks so much for having me. Love to meet you all. I'll be in. I'm Z innovate, if you'll be there like I'd love to hungry. Constantine, are you coming

Speaker  1360362:40
to where to

Speaker  1360768:00
innovate? Yeah,

Speaker  1361168:00
probably not. There's too much going on. I travel everywhere and my wife will kill me. Eventually it'll be my demise.

Speaker  1364064:00
Cool. Anyway, nice meeting you all have a good day, guys. Cheers. Bye. Thank Andrei, my pleasure. Bye.
