Brandon Fuhrmann
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1328:00
All right, so likely I also decided to do a few random things I've been working on or that I might have seen. That's me. I've been a member since 2018 I didn't tell the part about me. That's, I don't know why. I'm just gonna get to where they got to get so fancy, yeah, that's what I wanna look at my picture. Yeah, yeah. I sell them in the kitchenware space. I also run innovate with Dimitri, and yeah, I've been a member for a long time. So the first thing I wanted to talk about was Walmart. Now, I don't really care about Walmart, like at all, and I'm sure none of you do either.

Speaker  9813:20
But the reason why

Speaker  10661:20
selling in the store is different, yeah, but walmart.com

Speaker  11706:40
but the reason why I wanted to share this is that, like, I, you know, every year I go to, like, a trade show, and I see them there, and I'm like, Alright, tell me everything that's new, and then they tell me a bunch of things that are interesting that I didn't know, because I don't really care about it. And I also still sell on Walmart, and I thought some of this was interesting. And I'll share this with you too. So first of all, Walmart now has a repricer. They scrape Amazon too. So you can actually set it up to automatically match Amazon's price when you have, like, a dealer Lightning Deal. And so it'll do that, and then it'll revert back when it's over. They'll also give you special badging when this runs. I don't know if there's a lag on the scraping that's going to mess up Amazon, but because I haven't tried it yet, but they literally just, like, told me about this. Me about this, so I thought that was interesting. The other thing is that sem ads that they now have there, instead of a regular like advertising on a keyword, they told me, were like the 8040 of like Walmart advertising. 30% of all Walmart traffic comes through Google and primarily to like SEM. So this whole like, boost those ads on there. So I think it's a good way also, even just to like advertise on Google using Walmart's name, I think is probably pretty helpful for your products. Couple other things. They now have video ads. They have brand new storefronts. They've apparently made it easier to syndicate reviews from your Shopify with aspectiva or Bizarre Voice, or things like that. So it's kind of easy to just, kind of like, you know, just get things set up and maybe make a couple changes. And lastly, they said listing quality should not show below 80% of it's going to be suppressed. So to me, that's like the, you know, 8020 Walmart, like, go and make a few changes, set up a few campaigns and leave it alone for the rest of the year. The next thing I want to talk about was Behance. Behance is really great for a lot of a lot of you know, creatives use Behance to put their profile on there. And, you know, from pretty much all over the world, they get over 50 million members, 50 million visitors a month. Adobe actually owns it, and it's a really cool platform to kind of see a lot of examples of, you know, different kinds of packaging design, different kinds of styles, different kinds of artists. So it's super cool, right? Yeah. So what I like about, I'm sorry, I didn't see this, yeah, okay. So something I like about the hands is that people from all over the world use it. They have a freelancing platform that, like, the people on there are, like, not accustomed to actually using they're actually surprised when you message them. They're like, wait, what's going on? You want me to go on this project? I don't even know what you're talking about. I just put my stuff on here. I just thought it was cool. But people from all over the world use the site, and you can actually see their portfolios, all these really great professionals and content before contacting them. Actually see their style and see what they're doing. So even if you don't actually get in touch with them, because sometimes they don't respond because, like I said, they're not used to like, I said, they're not used to people actually contacting them. You can see, like, really great work on there, and kind of get an idea for the person you actually do talk to. And, yeah, outreach,

Speaker  57429:20
you can pay for the Pro. It's like,

Speaker  58101:20
oh, this is not the right slide, perfect. Okay, that's that's supposed to go for the next thing. But, yeah, you can

Speaker  59450:40
see here, I just wanted to show you can see, like, some of these, I got some pretty cool package design. And like, you know, the project that I asked someone to bid on, they, like, they literally were like, Yeah, it's like, $300 you know, to do this thing. And this guy to Barcelona is just taking this killer imagery that, like, you know, most people I know here, like, have someone in the Philippines, or have someone, you know, in the Ukraine, but this is, like, real creatives, and you can really vet their stuff. So I think it's a really cool site for people to check out. The next thing I wanted to talk about was suno. I don't know if anyone's ever used to know before, but it's a pretty fun thing to kind of like play and like make a song, just like on the fly, which is pretty cool. So, you know, I kind of, like, heard about it somewhere, and people often just started making, like, started making, like, facilities songs for my children around the house, which was really cool. But what then I did next was I actually took it and had chat GPT, because you can actually use the version four. If you pay like the $10 a month for the Pro, which who cares, you can actually submit lyrics. So I had chat GPT write lyrics for my video ads for my brand, and put that always an overlay on one of my video ads. And like, the conversion, like, double basically, because I think first of all, like, customers look at it and they're like, Oh, this guy must be legit. They have, like a song. They had someone, like, in a studio write a song about this product, right? But it's really just like sudo, and the quality is actually quite good.

Speaker  80384:00
So let's see, yeah, so you can pre write the lyrics in chat GPT, and

Speaker  81200:00
you can just be very specific in style and song type. You can't, like, edit the song after it's done, so you kind of just like, have to make sure you nail it the first time. And like, you know, kind of frustration, whether it's like, a miss type in the song, and the song is amazing, but, like, they say the wrong thing. But, I mean, just kind of like, lose the song if you ever can get it again. But it's really cool. The quality is really good. I actually kind of write one about us being here. I haven't listened to it yet, but I will, if I have time, I will play it after this. Okay. Next thing was just people who use AWD, some people don't know this is the support email when you complain, so just make sure you have that. And that's it, yeah, so, yeah.

Speaker  93850:40
So I, you know, put my Amazon listing in, and I'm just like, you know, write us. Write a song about this product. Make it a catchy jingle maker, you know, and, you know, and it kind of puts something out and, you know, it's good enough, like, you know, really, you know, people aren't listening to the song for the lyrics. It's more just like they hear that. It's about the product. And you can kind of just use that as your overlay

Speaker  99168:00
on the video. Head, yeah, good, good stuff, yeah. Let me please kind of start. I

Speaker  100816:00
haven't listened to it all. I kind of did it like, as we were here, but I thought it'd be funny. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're bad. We'll see what happens here. All right, this is a three minute song, cheese. All right, well,

Speaker  104885:20
you can edit it down. Intros.

Speaker  107397:20
Yeah. Manhattan's

Speaker  109898:40
buzzing feeling that the pros collide e commerce legends riding that time got the sellers in the

Speaker  112581:20
room so

Speaker  114944:00
killers in the room.
