6. Kevin Lippy
Date: May 28, 2025

Speaker  5120:00
Okay, seven, several students. So my old living beliefs was that I convinced myself I was financially literate guidance, but when it came to actually managing my own stuff. I was, every time I an accident, I would just get back to what I did, which is to build businesses, and didn't really think about how actually and then I was a Jewish real estate and not understanding the difference between

Speaker  18400:00
management too much. So I have, like, kind of a single exit, double exit, waiting for that. So I was like, Well, I'm still right. I'm talking about tax planning, and most of that believing that my account was actually going to be doing to make sure that deals, that I've done any investment deal, deals that I've done, investment deals, which sounds amazing. It kind of happens in history. Mean, show people you've ever met in your entire life, it's just stupid, and they're not looking at it as a mistake, and then we're going to switch details. But last year, we got weekly my wife and quite a serious life changing fitness happen that could change like pretty much everything in finances and for example, she's not working and would be likely. Bucha said changeable being a prospectively adult income value to single income family also engaged in that sort of life changes. I actually recently discovered that my biggest anxiety around money because my strategy has always been sort of building the case of these businesses, and I'm kind of only confident with track to like eventually do that. But what really scares me is that this step is save us 5% of the time you'll ever get to spend with your kids is over by the time they change. And so actually, I discovered that my biggest anxiety is that I actually will achieve that goal, but then my now seven and four year old will be like, 16 and 13, and Cami will be like, I'll bet again it's constant. And she'll be like, sorry, I'm hanging out with some dude called chat or more and all that time, and they weren't actually wants to hang out, actually cheap. And so what's the point of being work for Home? Now, it's kind of so great to see that and in very brief seconds,

Speaker  61722:40
and I just not working for me, which it is realizing you're actually losing to just Regular inflation they're not keeping up with that and bounces getting the better term right. So you're actually losing by being African. Over the last few weeks, you might have done well on strategy. Okay? So the first thing I'll say is that I think that switch I go into this conference, I can highly recommend you guys see me. No no, tell me. Oh, my good No,

Speaker  73077:20
which slides through a few of those? Oh,

Speaker  78138:40
okay, so I went to this sort of workshop talking about chance, and the day was running. It really wasn't. Know, JC Newman, who I highly recommend his base in Texas. He does this again. He started by saying, like that, he's a good steward of his money. And he, like, reached that point of his career where he kind of accepted that that was the case. And all this time I've been at the same I've been like, oh, that money manager is not a thing. I make money and then I will give it to someone like that. I but just shifting that mindset to being like, Hey, I am actually not that bad at this stuff. I just need to take responsibility, put in the work and actually learn how to do it. So I now, as of now, say I am a good student, and just the next slide, anecdotally, by investing in that course. I know this is super lucky, but, like, because I was investing that cost, and said, of course, cost me, like, $1,000 because I was looking at it, I realized I had to send some money back to Australia. So I did two days later, and that was when Trump was doing all these crazy tariff stuff, and that Aussie dollar went down to 60, and less than a week later, it was at 64 cents. And so put them into chat GPT and saying, like, 10 round. So next thing, next slide please, is I built out, like, layer Excel dashboard of process, basically to manage this. So important things to realize was, like, have you really thought? I don't know if you guys really did that. Figure. This is all very clear to you, but to me, it wasn't. It was like, the difference between getting a dead set, which, rather than set, take 20 grand a month from my business, is very, very different to earning 20 grand from the capacity of where you haven't had to do anything despite the risk that the risk. Not all dollars that you bring in are people, so I understand the difference between those. Understand the difference between business assets or your primary residence and passing income assets really knowing what kind of like a monthly burn rate and when that is and kind of clear the cold, like, how much am I paying? Like, what do I need to survive each year? And that times a rate of very achievable, 7% passive income thing would be, like, your security goal. And then what I really want to do, right? So, so I so I now know very different.

Speaker  120565:20
And then, like, how I actually want to, like, speculate, we're all entrepreneurs, right? So, like, I believe whatever's different. So I mean, so I believe everyone's kind of put their own journey with how they manage investment. But for me, it's just enough risk anyway, running a business and trying to build that same thing. So when it comes to the money, though, I really am not interested in trying to seek out 25% returns. Like 7% is what I net up to everything at 7% and basically give it to kind of like, really safe, diversified portfolio, or, like, you know, Vanguard indices, that sort of stuff, where we bring a ton into, like, speculative stocks, because I believe that has now become your business. We all have a business to solve my business. My business is making money through natural companies and selling it. So that was a big wake up call with this point. Items. So I want to go into two numbers, but basically I built out like this kind of dashboard per second, a dashboard in Excel which basically outlines those numbers that I tell you kind of keep track of it each time you can go down. And basically we're saying here is, like, you identify those sort of levels of gold and how to one thing that's a liquidity they suggest that you should have two times your annual earnings. So, like, if you, like, say, drawing, like, 200 grand a year. It's like, I don't know, whatever you need, like 400 grand liquid asset is like something like seven days and then, like, just knowing where this public staff, everything on the left of that triangle doesn't count. Analyzing your own assets, like becoming counting in this sector, your house should be counted. How much you've got to spare to actually wanting to work for you. We don't retire. Genius, it's actually when you catch something very illiquid asset personal to my circumstances, again, Australian American students. Next slide. Okay.

Speaker  162688:00
So, so I actually started doing this with chat, GPT automatically. All things actually better, because basically it breaks budgets and attracts every transaction that you do, and a really easy process, because there's like, hundreds of transactions every month, always really hard. I hard. I get annoyed, because if one thing breaks in these things, full system breaks. But I finally got it down to a really easy process, which, if anyone is actually interested, please stupid. Because this took me too long very quick to where I am, and I could tell you any damn pretty much and breakdowns of budgets and all that sort of true just in short update, like my spreadsheet tracker based on these numbers and keeping track, and in the end, just is, I'll review the budget process that we accept any variances, like we have spent here. I take our anomalies. So this month we're going on holiday. We bought a holiday and carriers, I mean, two, we came from them. Two, they get passed back, gets dragged out and bloom, potentially, very quickly.

Speaker  192682:39
Um, is a business. One does anyone here? We do auto Ach, we don't care if you do DSP for like, $2 million a month or $20,000 a month, and you won't sign up on auto Ach, and we won't take you. And that is because we don't follow up or chase people money. So people sign up with us, and it's like automatically, because once and there's never a hassle ever, unless they literally run money in the bank and support another issue. And so that's been a kind of winner. The last one I'll say is, is anyone here to know when I get a squeak with family? Counties or sweep account? And so the pro is that money, and this is like random things. So random things, like chasing right? And they guarantee it up to a level, right? So, like, sometimes you don't go past that level. It's like zero risk, but they'll give you about four or five points every like, by taking your money out at like, say, 9pm at times, bring it back in at 9am right? Which you don't need a trade on it for so you're just getting, if you like, say, between inventory orders or whatever, sitting on cash. You can be earning interest in between. I believe that I just checked one more thing. First of all, one thing, there's a thing called privacy.com so when you sign up with a credit card on business or personal, it gives you a virtual pad so like, I notoriously sign up for subscriptions and then run for this, right how much money, without ever using things. Now I use privacy, and as soon as I sign up something, I totally off, and it's now on the tool to prove to me that I use it all the time to retool the phone, possibly give those privacy cards. So that's a good one. And last but not least, chat GPT isn't quite as good. It outperforms my brother in law, father in law, like financial planners, like three accountants, like in Australia us and all that my boys have every time I've asked any of those people's questions, the long story, they don't know that they get back in two weeks. Like I worked out. The reason I worked out that my house was so illiquid in Australia was because a bunch of variables into chatgpt, and they could tell me in like 10 seconds, it is quite a complex cross border situation, which means that I'll be paying, like, capital gains tax, like, literally 10 times the amount by trying to sell my house in Australia, whilst I'm not Australian resident, and like my talent had eventually participated similar but it took him weeks, and it was not going. Favorable so I use like chat. GBT, anyway, that's another any questions.

Speaker  242415:59
Thanks, Kevin. I think we got to move out to the today. All right, we're getting, yeah.
