Ronald Chang
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Uh, building a brand outside of Amazon, and how to fund it. I think even if you're not trying to build off Amazon, there are some tips relevant to you guys here. So, yeah, it's just in general, good marketing, quick outline, pros and cons, building a brand. I was on Shark we'll get into that a little bit. Want to learn a little more about Shark Tank, omnichannel strategies, building acquirable business and then fundraising. I'm Ron Chang member since 2022 co founder of organic, classically trained chef three televised cooking show appearances. Won a chop style cooking competition, cooked for Pulitzer Prize winning. Food critic John the gold, Shark Tank alum season eight, Episode 18, and former practice player for Cal bass school building a brand. So the kind of most obvious Pro is your your valuation potential is much, much higher. Now 10 to 15x revenue, obviously, this is going to be kind of category dependent and things like that, and 10 to 15x is own reserve kind of for the top tier brands out there, really the top 25 percentile, you're looking at more like a five to 6x revenue multiple median range, 1.2 to 2.2 median range. And this is compared to, you know, a 2.5 to 7x SD, aka Ibo, for FBA businesses, right? So, so, yeah, it's your your the high end is much, much, much higher exist potential there. You also have more options, right? You're not kind of a slave to Amazon and you know, the platform risk of, hey, if your brand gets delisted, or if you get some seller kind of issue, your whole business goes under, right? And, yeah, I think it is a little more exciting from a creativity standpoint. Bonus tip, if you want to look up your own industry's kind of revenue multiples and things like that, we use perplexity AI for all of our data related research, some cons. Typically, as soon as you're off Amazon, your cost of acquisition is much higher, higher baseline omnichannel expenses you're going to have, you know, marketing, labor, logistics, legal, all of that goes up exponentially. Business becomes much more complex. Requires off Amazon expertise, which I'm guessing is now you know, all of our expertise in here is Amazon resource management and demand planning, much become much more difficult, and typically requires a higher price point product and high gross margin, as you're starting to, you know,

Speaker  39445:20
all the other expenses kind of go up.

Speaker  40389:20
So what is brand? For me, it's building an emotional connection with customers. You know, you need to stand for something. Make it clear, make it concise. Oftentimes, it's even less about what you say and how you say it right? It's kind of the swag that you have, the ethos, the ethos and the vibe must be consistent, becomes challenging when you start going omnichannel and giving control away to third party creators and affiliates and things like that. Have conviction, have courage. Be bold, be proud. Don't be afraid to piss off some segment of the market. In fact, I would encourage it. That probably means you do stand for something really strong, something that people can stand behind and loyalty and love. This will show up as retention as well as branded search and volume. So we use branded search volume on Google, on on Amazon as kind of a KPI, just to say, Hey, how are we doing in terms of brand building?

Speaker  53408:00
Need a brand guide. You know, just some examples here.

Speaker  54677:20
Okay, so a little bit about Shark Tank. I'll brief, briefly go over this. You know, if you're building a brand going on, Shark Tank, I think is a great idea. Just kind of free impressions. If you look, if you research this on online, they think, they say, Oh, it's a long and arduous process. It doesn't need to be right. What they say you have to do is you got to go through a written application, 10s of 1000s each year. Then you know, you can kind of go to open call casting events, and then you have to do a video submission. First thing you got to do make sure you're eligible before you waste your time. You got to have to be a US citizen, no convicted felonies and things like that, no close relatives on the show and not running for office. And just because you get on the show and you film does not mean you're going to air,

Speaker  65888:00
skipping the line. So go straight to that video pitch.

Speaker  67072:00
Try to get a warm intro to Shark Tank. So connect with recent Shark Tank alums. Search, LinkedIn, Shark Tank Facebook groups. Talk to me. You could go the cold intro route. That's a lot harder. But try to get, try to get in contact with, we were in contact with an associate producer, yeah, and be memorable. Research each shark when you go on, if you actually get on the call, get on to Shark Tank. Hit me up. I'll, we'll go in depth on strategies there. So Omni strata, omnichannel strategies. When you have a big breakout event, you know, say it's Tiktok going viral, if you're on TV or things like, things like that, be ready for the moment, right? This is where investing in PR and getting social proof really helps. You know, we had a lot of publications write about us. We, you know, won a bunch of awards for our product. Sites, those all really, really help kind of magnify and expand. Really just hit that spotlight in the moment, go all in on a select few intentional and target channels and partnerships. I can't stress this enough. Look, we all have our resource constrained at some point, and as soon as you go off Amazon, there are so many more strategies available to you. You have to pick and choose and just focus where you're going to develop your expertise, because you can't do all of them. You know, whether that be Tiktok, YouTube, podcasts, streaming, TV, Reddit, influence, affiliates, retailers be extremely picky. So you know, just because retailers want you doesn't mean you just you should say yes to all of them. And in fact, I would say you should say no to most of them. Some things to think about. For Walmart, they look at Nielsen, right? A lot of other retailers, they look at spins data, and if you're not selling well in any one retailer, every every other retailers want to see that. So I would say, actually, just pick one and just make sure you sing, sell like gangbusters in that one, your valuation and your ability to scale after that is going to be so much better and so much higher. If you are research resource rich. Do tests around sound, yeah, just do it cautiously. But I would say, who's ever going to say they're resource rich? Probably never master customer acquisition for your website, and it'll lift all channels, yeah. I mean, that's why I say invest in kind of video ads. That's kind of the the name of the game right now, if you can really nail your video ads, that will, yeah, that's, that's how, that's the best way to acquire customers at this point, building an acquirable business, leave white space in strategic channels. This is another reason why to say no in retail. Kind of selling on the dream. When an acquirer comes and approaches you, they want to think, Okay, after I after I acquire you, how much more can I expand the business? Now just have them selling a dream. If you're just, you're selling like gangbusters in TVs or Walmart, they're thinking, Oh, if I take you to a target and whatever you're gonna they're gonna sell the same way as this. And your valuation is going to skyrocket, when, in reality, you're going to start, you know, there's going to be some cannibalization and or it's just going to cost a lot to do that, build them out, IP, patents, trademarks, copyright, extremely important for acquire retention and loyalty, apps, data, unique value adds as you grow, try to try to monetize all that stuff. Growth is king. At the end of the day, if you are looking to sell, you can be the most profitable business in the world. If your revenues are declining, your evaluation is going to go, go through the floor. All right, how do you fundraise all this stuff? Because this is actually really expensive. You know, we've been operating for 10 years. This is our first last year was our first year actually, you know, being in the positive. So we ran a loss for nine years straight. We the first place. If you're looking for debt, go for high net worth. Angels, Angel debt, convertible debt. Do that first, of course, you have asset based lending. If you have inventory, there's a certain percent that banks will lend on that. AR po financing, there's lenders that do revenue or top line. You need a history of growth. Also, if you're on Shopify, or if you use PayPal, things like that, those guys will often automatically approve you for a certain amount of a loan, usually one to two months of annual revenue. Of course, you have a profit, really cash flow. You can definitely get loans off of that. And then there's MCAS merchant cash advances. Be very, very careful on these. We've had to take them in the past when, you know, there was just no other options. Bill calculating the actual APR for these guys. It's, it's, it's a, you know, we've asked many financial professionals, they all come back with different numbers. Just whatever interest rate they're telling you, multiply by three to four is probably closer to what their actual APR is. Fundraising for equity. Network, network, network, so incentivize as many people in your network to go fundraise for you. And obviously you gotta do it yourself too. This Mac is almost out of power, by the way. Give advisory shares to very connected people. As a rule of thumb, I've given some percentages offer commission bonuses for successful financing. Target high net worth, angels. I can't say enough how many times those people have saved us. Use safe notes if you want to, if you want to talk about how to structure the legal paperwork, come talk to me. Use your existing network and vendors and partners. This one's huge contract manufacturers, suppliers, even our three PL basically everyone in our vendor stack is actually an equity investor in our business. Yeah, they have a vested interest in your success, and they often have deep pockets. So ask them. And then lastly, look into accelerators. It's a great place to network with. People that actually are looking to invest takeaways, is building an off Amazon brand for you, revisit the pros and cons list for you, you know, if you're looking for a lifestyle business, you know, and you're building a brand and trying to sell might not be it might be a little stressful for you. Do you have the product and position to be successful? High price point, high margin, bold point of view. Connect with your audience. Focus your time on creating compelling 30 to 92nd video ads. You know you can use that to try to get on Shark Tank and other other platforms. Leverage the spotlight into key relationships. Be highly intentional with your time and resources and build them up. Bonus value add. It's a re when you talk into debt financing, understand what kind of lender you're talking to. Lender you're talking to. That will save you a lot of time. If somebody's an ABL asset lender and you're trying to go off of, you know, your growth revenue, you're wasting everybody's time equity financing. Just incentivize people in your network and go after them.
