MDS Expert Call with Hector
Date: June 24, 2025

Speaker  11962:40
So Surya, if you can add a Hector to your name, that would be great. So our team doesn't kick you out. Yes, we accept people who are members usually. So we need to be able to know who is With the host of the Call. Yeah, thank you. Applause.

Speaker  28442:40
Okay, I'm saying, I'm telling people we are live, even though we're not just so they join. I mean, we are live, But we haven't started yet. I

Speaker  53024:00
Oh, we have measure now here, great, so we can start.

Speaker  57189:20
Hey, Hi, sorry about this.

Speaker  57669:19
No worries.

Speaker  59125:20
Yeah, hi, Bob, Hi, sorry about being late. Yeah, hey, hi, Nate, yeah, some familiar faces.

Speaker  61338:40
Cool, amazing. Are we ready?

Speaker  61946:40
Yeah, we ready? Should I share my screen?

Speaker  62810:40
Yes, that would be great. Hey, Nate, thanks for showing your face. Hi, there.

Speaker  66351:59
Let me start recording. I almost forgot that would have been terrible.

Speaker  67488:00
That's not fair. We're just gonna start now. So

Speaker  68383:59
welcome everyone, and thanks Meher for being here.

Speaker  69760:00
Super so I'll kick start this guys. My name is Meher. I'm the founder at Hector, which is an ad tech platform which builds in and brings data across sponsored ads, Seller Central, vendor Central, and obviously marketing stream data which is which is going to be used to the used to build the day parting schedule that we're going to discuss today. But over and above this, we also integrate DSP and AMC together on the same platform seamlessly to get better insights and to make smarter decision. So today, fundamentally, we are only going to discuss how to use day parting and what really day parting is, and what are the playbook to run a smart day parting is all about, right? So we're going to discuss that. So fundamentally, the day parting is different than the route based automation that we guys, you guys, must have used, or most of the people use. The difference is that in the rule based automation, you have put a condition that on this condition of a ROAs or a conversion rate, you want to change your bids or a budget dynamically, right? So what it means is that no matter what time of the day or whenever you put your schedule, it will go it will check if that conversion date or if that ROAs is at a particular condition being met, it is going to take an action to increase or decrease your bit of budget that you have decided. However, it works differently when it comes to day parting schedules. Now, when you run a day parting schedule, you actually analyze your data. You look at what you what is working, what is not working, and which hour of the day of the week it is working and not working for you. And then you decide that if a certain amount of condition or a certain amount of goal is being achieved at a certain day of the week for you, then you decide to change your bids or budget, or in our case, in day parting. You can also choose to increase your placement bid adjustments as well for either of the placements. And when you choose to do that, you end up making your bid or budget or placement change only for that hour. And at that time it is not going and checking the condition. It is just going and changing it. And when it changes it, it brings it back to what it is after that hour is over. So that's the fundamental difference between you running a rule based automation or and against a day parting schedule right now. What is also important is that day parting is backed with marketing stream data, which is fundamentally your hourly data that Amazon throws through streaming data API, which is which allows us to see what happened every hour of the day of the week. And marketing stream data comes to through the API with different data sets. The one of the first data sets is, obviously, you get to see which campaign, what is your performance after the campaign, they also give you at an ad group level, what's your performance after the ad group, they also give you targeting level, what's your performance. And within the targeting, within the keywords, they also give you the match type level, what's your performance. And within the match type, they also give you what's your performance at each placement. Now Marketing stream data is the only data which will allow you to actually connect your keyword to a placement. Because fundamentally, if you look at any campaign data from your reporting API or from your dashboard or any other tool, you will never be able to connect that which keyword triggered on what placement and gave you what performance you will never be able to figure that piece out. The only marketing stream API data will allow you to understand that that which keyword triggered on what placement and gave you what ROAs or conversion rate. So what is your conversion rate at on Monday, at 11 to 12 on a keyword which is a generic keyword in exact match. On top of the search, you can find that out with your marketing stream data which is available, right? So that's the difference. That's the fundamental difference of looking at marketing stream data, which is, which is, which powers the day parting. What you can change with day parting, and hence, what you can change with day parting is fundamentally, you can change your bids. So if you've looked at your performance, you can then change your bids, you can change your budgets, and you can also change your placement, bid adjustments with day parting. You can also switch on and switch off, but

Speaker  144880:00
the Frank suggestion is that never switch on and switch off your campaign for a particular hour of the day of the week, because when you switch it off and switch it back on, it takes time to trigger and get restarted. So the best you can do is just reduce your budget of the campaign or reduce the bid if you don't want to be triggering at that hour of the day which is not working for you, and let the budget increase when you when you feel that, when you believe that you have more traffic, when you believe that that's a hour very get where you get a lower CPC, higher conversion date, you want to increase your bids and budget at that time. So What? What? 111, thing that I can say, which is, which is going to help when you're building your day parting is that instead of raising your bid, you rather raise your bid adjustments, because when you raise a bid for an hour, that is working for you, you also have an up. You will also end up spending that bid value in multiple placements which may or may not work for you, and always one of the placements will not work for you, right? So rather than increasing your bid, you rather increase your placement, bid adjustment which is working for you, for that campaign, for that keyword that you're looking at, right? So that's, that's a pro tip that is very important for people to consider when they are putting their day parting schedule, guys, I don't see your faces in case, if you guys have any questions, just, you know, just let it, let me know. Just just shout and I'll be happy to answer, right? So that's something that you can do within your day parting. Now, what's a playbook all about? Right? So there are various ways people look at tape parting. There are various foundational or there are various tool which offers day parting, and the various tools which offers day parting also has their own way of running Day party. So there are tools which will ask you to download some data from the reporting section, put it in some Excel sheet which has some macros, and then will allow you to see those data at that hour. And then, if you you need to analyze that data yourself. And then you need to put some hour which is working for you in some separate paper and probably in an Excel sheet, and then go to another screen and then look at that hour, and then create a budget or a bid or a placement bid adjustments. So all of those ways of doing is pretty I would say, old school. The right way of for you, or for anybody, to use, day parting is something that we're going to discuss, and why you should look at it this way is also something that we're going to discuss. A lot of people don't find success in day parting, because the way they use the playbook, the way they evaluate, to consider, to build a day parting is is not the right way, right? So we're going to discuss this. Happy to take your feedback, happy to answer any question, in case, if you have right. So what we're discussing is the first part is filter, right? So you can actually, like I explained you before you you should be able to filter the data that you want to analyze or you want to evaluate, right? So the most important part is that you cannot run your day parting by looking at your entire ad account level data. It will never work for you. Departing means micro analysis. Departing means that what works for you you want to increase the bid or the budget or the placement for that hour of the day of the week, right? So it's, it's important that you evaluate so not every keyword works the same, not every keywords match type works the same, not every placement works the same for the campaign that you're running, right? So it's a your key aspect is the filtering is very, very important, right? So that's the first part of it. If you don't filter, don't run a day party. If you can't filter, don't run a day party, right? The second one is after you filter. So you should be able to even filter it at a product level. It's, it's not just about, you know, filtering it at all at a campaign level, you should be able to figure out that which product category are you focusing on, right? So if your campaign has some nomenclature, you should be able to understand that, hey, I'm looking at a hair serum I want to only look at hair serum campaign, and I want to see how my hair serum campaign performs. If you see that data only, then you should be able to make or you should be making a decision and not otherwise. So first thing is culture, then it's analyzed, and then the most important part is taking the action. So you need to decide. I've seen people taking a bid adjustments or taking a bid but never increasing budget. So you chose to increase your keyword bids. You chose to increase your placement bid for that hour of the day of the week, but you ignored that the campaign, from where that keyword comes, has limited budget. And we all understand that. You know, the the amount of money that you put in your campaign, it's pre decided in the start of the day that how that budget is going to be placing out throughout the day. So if your campaign goes out of budget when it requires to pump in that bid at that hour, and if that budget is not adequate, you will not see that clicks coming in, even though you have chosen and you evaluated and you analyze that, hey, at this hour, I see a very low CPC. I see a very high conversion rate boom. I should be increasing my bid and budget on the at bid and placement bid adjustment. But if you've not looked at budget for that same campaign, we've missed it. Now, when people do filter, do they analyze, they take action. The biggest problem with departing is that people don't have a way to evaluate their performance, review the performance,

Speaker  235338:40
because if you really look at it, you've chosen to change the bid for a particular keyword in 1000s of campaigns that you have, and now you need to decide that that keyword across the campaigns that you had has increased the bids. And did it really increase the bid, and when it increased the bid, did it really give me the ROAs incremental, or the revenue incremental that I expected? Because my CPC would have been lower, my conversion date would have been higher? Did that really work for so if you're not able to do that, you will not be able to repeat so things you can't measure, you cannot better it right? So the idea is that, are you able to review the schedules that you've created? And if you're not able to review it, that's a big miss in the part of departing, right? Because only your gut feeling is going to allow you to decide that, hey, it worked for me, right? And you may end up making the same mistake, or if it has worked for you, it will continue working right? And finally, if you review it, things which worked for you, you create more of it, things which doesn't work for you, you obviously stop doing it. You end that schedule, right? So that's the part of it. Now that's, let's break it down. So the first part is filter. The most important piece out here is what I say is day parting is not conditional rules. Means it is not going to see your last seven days data, and if your ROAs is good for that keyword, it is going to increase your bid and budget. It doesn't work like that. If you really want to see a data and you want to evaluate a data, you should have at least a good amount of days before you want to make a decision that that worked for you on top. So don't look at seven days, 14 days, 30 days, because you are taking a decision to change your budget bids and placement for that hour permanently, right? It's permanent unless you stop that day parting, right? So you need to make sure that you see the have a larger evaluation period before you take your day parting decision, right? And when you're looking at it as I'm mentioned, you should see a filter. Now let me give you an example. You most of the tools that I've seen, they offer you departing at a campaign level. Now if you look at campaign, the campaign, may have a phrase match, may have a broad match, or there's an auto campaign departing data doesn't come at a search term level. It only comes at a targeting level, keyword level. So if you have a generic keyword in phrase match and broad match and in that campaign, or that keyword actually showed you a good performance, a lower CPC or higher conversion rate, it actually doesn't mean anything, because it could be that your brand keyword in the search term at the back end has given you performance in that last 30 days or 15 days, and suddenly, if you will see that if the brand keyword doesn't trigger in that campaign, or doesn't trigger from that keyword, your performance is going to be really bad, and you've ended up increasing your bids for that keyword, so you're going to be in a soup if you ended up, if you end up doing that. So what is important is that when you create your day party, you look at the targeting very microscopically. And when you look at your targeting, you also look at the match type. The the accuracy will come when you take a keyword targeting an exact match, and you take that with the placement. So if you look at a generic keyword, which is, which is most important for you, and if you look at that keyword, and if you take that keyword in exact match, so that you know that the search term from this keyword is also going to be similar, close to similar. And if you look at that performance on top of the search, and if you figure out that there is certain hour of the day of the week, maybe a Saturday, maybe a Monday, maybe a Tuesday or a Wednesday, is giving you a lower CPC, higher conversion. Conversion Rate, a number of orders are pretty good in that hour, and your ROAs is better. That's the time that you decide to create. Increase your bids, increase your placement. I mean, not increase your bid, increase your placement bid adjustments, because you evaluated top of the search performance data, and you increase your budget for the campaign that you're choosing to, you know, bid higher for. So that's the first thing evaluate. The second step is analyzing. So again, very, very important, as I mentioned, that you need to look once you've filtered and once you have 60 days, 90 days, you want to go beyond that. If you don't have enough data for that keyword, you want to extend your duration, right? So, so if you're looking at only one keyword, or five keywords or 20 keywords, it may not have enough data, it may not have spent that much of money. So you want to extend your evaluation period, right? But when you when you see the data, very important piece, and this is the difference between us, Hector, and the other tool is, don't look at single metric or and most of the people show you only one metric at a time. So you'll have to navigate between two matrix to see what your performance is for that hour of the day of the week. So with Hector, you can actually see three matrix together, and you can choose to see whichever matrix you want, three of them together at any time. So what you're seeing is that you're seeing which hour of the day of the week your ROAs was very good, and your number of orders was also good. Because you don't want to just take a decision just because your ROAs was better than what you expect. But you also want to see is that only one order, or is that the number of order, the proof of the pudding is already there, and you've already seen 2030, 4050, 100 orders in that hour of the day of the week. Now if you've seen that, that's the time that you really want to take a choice to increase your bid or budgets. So how you can do that is very simple on Hector. So once you see your data for 168 hours that is there in the entire week. We give you a very simple filter to put your desired min and max, or probably out here, what you're seeing is that I want to see only the hour where I've got more than 300 orders in that hour for the selection of campaign or keyword that I've done, and I want to see only those hours where my conversion rate is 4% and above, and my ROAs is minimum five. So you don't really have to put the max, but if you put it, it's fine, but you want to put the min. If you put the min, now, you're only going to see where all these three desired matrix is achieving what you really want to achieve, and once you get that, you then decide to take an action. So like what I mentioned, it's very important for us to decide what we are doing, because, as I said, it is you can choose to increase your bid, but if you are looking at your performance at a placement level, I would rather suggest that you increase your placement bit adjustments, right? And sometimes your rest of the search placement is working very well, right? Sometimes your product page is working very well. If you're looking at asin exact targeting data. And if you want to see how that is performing for you, which hour of the day of the week it is working well for you, you can choose to increase the product page bid adjustments higher for you. And as I mentioned earlier, if you're increasing a bid or if you're increasing your placement bid adjustment for that hour, please make sure that you're also increasing the budget for that campaign for that hour, right? So if you have both of these things taken care of back to back. It will really make sense for you to see that incremental spends and incremental bid or budget placement budgets that your placement bid adjustments that you're doing right. So that's the action piece. And we also have an opportunity for you to just decide to do a flat power right. So say, for instance, you want to choose to increase your budget so you kept a flat budget. Or you want to choose to do from 1am to 6am you would just want to reduce your budgets. You know that that hour is not a productive hours for you. You know that you've always got a bad a cost at that hour. You want to just flatten it out. You want to make sure that you don't overspend at that hour. You have an option to just choose the hour of the day and end day of the week, and you can just put a flat budget reduction. Just say $50 for all the campaigns. Now, when you said $50 from one to six, actually all your campaigns will go $50 and shop at six o'clock in the morning, it will turn back to what it was originally, right? So you don't have to put what it should be. All you need to do is what it should be during that hour, and after that hour, automatically, it will go back to what it was. That's what departing schedule means, right? And now the most important piece, like I mentioned that no matter what you analyze, no matter how you filter out, no matter how you identify your you know your key matrix which is going to give you a decision or give you a choice to increase your bit of budget when you finish Creating a schedule, or when you've taken an action, there should be a way for you to evaluate that schedules performance. So the way we do it on Hector is for every budget schedule, bid schedule and placement schedule, as you could see right now, the screen that we are seeing is the budget schedule screen. So what we are looking at is that we chose to increase the budget for the campaign. Now what you're seeing is that the budget did increase, the revenue did increase, the orders did increase. The clicks, obviously did increase. Right during the period that we are evaluating, my conversion rate went down, but my overall revenue increase, my orders increased because that's what I chose to do. I increased my budget because it was working for me, and I increased it, and it worked well for me, right? So once you're able to evaluate this, once you're able to see that it is working well for you, you have a choice to now create more such schedules, right?

Speaker  393589:20
And the fifth one is again, right? So if it does work for you, create more of it. If it is not, you pause it, you stop it, you create another way of creating a departing schedule, right? Do's and Don'ts, guys. Very important is that not every keyword types is going to give you the same performance. So the brand keyword, the non brand keyword and the competitor keyword is going to perform differently. And within each of these generic keywords, or hair serum to a hair shampoo to a conditioner, is going to perform differently. Don't judge mainly on the exact match. If you really want to see how your performance is for a phrase and broad, take it with a pinch of salt that it may or may not perform for you. So go slow on that. Don't increase your budgets or bits too high. Go with 5% 10% or certain campaigns to see how this is working for you. Right? Your scheduler should be different. Your incremental departing budgets and bids should be different for your event days, it should be more dynamic. You should really understand what is working, what is not working, which hour is good, whichever is not and your Bau days, obviously is going to be different, right? Use at least 60 to 90 days data for you to evaluate what is the real trend and a real pattern of the CPC and the conversion rate, because most important, the key metric that you evaluate always is your CPC and conversion rate, and you look at the number of orders, right? Because if you don't have the number of orders, there's no point you want to take a decision, or you can if the number of orders is not there, you should look at what the spends are. So if the spends is very little, but you see a better CPC, better conversion rate, that means there is a opportunity there. It's just that you've not leveraged it right. So if you see spends low orders low look at it. And if it is, the CPC and conversion rate is really good for you, better than the rest. Go ahead and, you know, increase your budgets and bids in that duration, and always make sure that you spend enough time on reviewing the scheduled performance, you know, on a weekly basis to see that that schedule that you've decided or which has been working for you, is it really working enough and well for you, right? And don't look at single matrix. And don't mix placement performance of one placement to another. Try look at it independently to see what is working what is not working, as I mentioned, don't pause campaigns. I mean, on Hector, at least we've not allowed anybody to pause campaign, because fundamentally, that's not the right thing to do. And don't trust phrase and broad match, you know, schedule. Take it with a pinch of salt and analyze the performance at campaign level. Don't analyze the performance at a campaign level because, you know, you need to look at what is there within the campaign also. So try and look at at a targeting level, keyword level, match type level, and don't just look at campaign level, because there are a lot of levers within a campaign which you know, variables which can change and give you deviation in your performance. Now, fundamentally, as I mentioned, what what we have mentioned in past, all of those things can be done on Hector very easily, so you can filter out data you have an opportunity to do your textual categorization. That means that your campaigns can be grouped in whatever number of products that you have and whatever number of campaign categorization nomenclatures that you've used based on that you can create your campaign nomenclature. So, like you can see out here for this client, we have created gender wise campaign. So the male campaign is different, the female campaign is different. So the user can actually come here and choose only female related campaign. And when he chooses female related campaign, he can actually come down and look at only female related keywords, if he wants to, and then look at the placement bit adjustments. I mean placement performance. He can also look at match type from your so if he want, only wants to do exact match, he can actually is going to be able to choose that for him, to decide that what has or evaluate the performance first and then choose to do his you know, action so very important is that Hector allows you to do your categorization, which is key for any departing schedule that you want to do. And, yeah, it's just and what we've offered is that, by default, we've offered conversion rate ROAs and order, which is very easy to just find out, based on what your you know, minimum orders you want in that hour of the day of the week, and the expected ROAs that you expect. If you just do orders and ROAs, you pretty much sorted. But yes, if you want to go deeper, you can actually look at CPC and conversion rate, and you can look at where your spends are low. So you can do it that way. And you will also find opportunities there. You will also find opportunity where you should not be investing, so where you should be reducing your spends, where you should be reducing your bids. So you look at both sides. You we are not just looking at increasing the budgets and bids and placement bid adjustments. You also want to you see a performance very bad for your product page at a certain hour of the day of the week. You want to put that product page placement bid adjustments to zero at that hour. You can actually go ahead and do that right? So your top of the search performance is not coming for a certain product, right? So you want to just zero it out. You can zero it out the rest of the hours it will have what it has. But for the for that hour when it is not performing, it will mark it down, right? So that's, that's what I mean, you can't do less than zero. So zero is the, is the minimum that we can do? And, and, yeah, I mean, you, you know what is the minimum expectation, expected ROAs that you have at the back of your mind, so you choose that before you make your schedule. And don't over leverage leverage, and don't under leverage. And always when you're when you're doing your bids or budget, or even when you're doing a placement bit adjustments, put a floor and a cap, right? So if you, if you're doing a placement bid adjustments by 100% it could be that you already have a campaign which already has 100% but if you don't keep click on cap, and if you don't put 100% on the cap site, you will end up doing 200% so on, on Hector, we have given you an option to cap your placement bid adjustment and also cap your bids, also cap your budget, because the schedule that you're creating, you don't know what has been the budget or the bid before, when you changed it, right? So it, when you did it, it was, it must be very less the bid and the budget, and you chose to increase it by 50% and you've not kept it to 2000 5000 whatever is the is the limit of campaign that you have, you might just end up seeing a great spike there, a big spike there, which is which may or may not be good for you, right? And always look at and compare your past to previous. Before you made the schedule after you made your schedule, how is it performing for you? Right? And, yeah, so we've tried to, you know, help understand that what other tools offers against, what is Hector offering? Because it's important that the the playbook that we discussed, I mean, irrespective if, if, if you are able to manage to identify and understand and evaluate and do the filtering and then take the action on any other tool, is fine, but most important thing is that all of this that we've said is doesn't exist In one tool together. So it's a lot of hard tech work which has gone into building this depth of day parting that is put together at this moment. So fundamentally, what we are trying to say is that the day parting that is offered is in one screen. So you are not navigating and maneuvering between double screen. You're not even changing the number of matrix that you're seeing at the same screen. You're seeing more than two three matrix that is at the same time, which is key for you to evaluate what is working what is not working, right? So that's important, and you're able to drill it down to campaign, to keyword, to match type to placement, all of them, right? You're able to do your textual categorization. That is very important. You can do your schedules by hour of the day of the week, and with zero filters as well, and with the filters as well, right? And obviously the set flooring and tapping is also very important. I just before I go, there any questions? Guys happy to pick up the questions I can only see. Nate, how are you doing? Nate, I'm doing well, super. I don't have any questions so far. But thanks any any questions? Guys, happy to answer in case if there's any, and,

Speaker  539754:40
yeah, I This is Jill. I have questions. So if we are using agency, and they are using scale inside for now, and I think they So, how can we, can we use your tool for just departing, or how? Because I don't think it's easy for them to switch everything to or things like that. So

Speaker  546672:00
yeah, it's a tough question. Jill, unfortunately, the day parting alone is not a feature at this moment, because they parting requires integration of multiple aspects within Hector. So it brings in your streaming data through the API, and then the rest of the data needs to be brought in through the other APIs. So they all need to come together for you to take that holistic decisions. So you need to be there on, on Hector. I mean, you can have both. So that's, I mean, if you want to, but you can't just have departing as a feature on Hector. So you'll need to, you know, take it all. Take all in sort of a step.

Speaker  558730:39
Yeah, okay, thank you.

Speaker  559466:40
Yeah. Pleasure, pleasure. Jill, nice talking to you. It's been a while. Yeah, yeah, cool. So any other question? Guys happy to pick that up. Okay, so I'll just quickly take a minute to just put the price out your guys. We we offer. The way this works is a monthly just a platform fee is there. And if you just using Hector as a platform fee, it's $624 which is MDS special price. And in case, if you're doing it quarterly, obviously or annually, the prices are up there. And in case, if you are looking at getting your entire platform managed end to end by us, then the cost is $3,500 per month, and, and, yeah, so that's, that's the that's the key. We also have the infrastructure for doing a self serve DSP, guys. So if you're looking at self serve DSP, we you can build your own, get your own DSP seat quickly. And for MDS members, the first $10,000 of your DSP spends, we are not charging a single penny. And after three months, we are charging $100 per month, or 3% of your ad spend whichever is higher. And in case, if you again, don't want to do your DSP campaigns yourself, you just need help, we'll be happy to help you with a $600 or 5% whichever is higher. Cool. Thank you. All right. Any questions guys, happy to answer. You guys have my have an email id or something, I can pop it in out here. Okay, cool. I just dropped my email id in case, if anybody it's still connect guys, any questions, Prime Day is going to be key. And if you can evaluate your performance of Bau and if you have and if you can, then you can just understand how your Prime Day is going to work. And obviously the start, starting hours on Prime Day is big, so you don't want to lose your grip there. And this year, Prime Day is four days, so you have at least if you start evaluating your performance on day one. So that's what, one important thing question related to Jill is, marketing stream data is only available from the day you latch on to Hector or any other API. So unfortunately, you will not have your past data if you really want to evaluate your performance. So it's important that much before Prime Day you should latch on to to Hector for you to see a certain number of data before you want to make your departing schedule decisions. And the other piece is that for the during the Prime Day, so if you have two days as well, you will be able to see the trend. The first day you'll be able to see your Trend. You'll be able to see that what time is the biggest spike, what time your CPC is low, what time your conversion rate is higher? So if you're able to see that data on the first day your second day, you can build your departing based on that. And obviously, I mean Hector also has an opportunity where you can do your route based automation based on your marketing stream data. So you can create or create rule based automation, which will look at your today's data, and will change your budgets based on that. So those kind of things can also work, but yeah, this time, the opportunity is that you will have more days of data to evaluate than you are building your day party schedules. Yeah, so

Speaker  623450:40
sorry. So your fee is fixed, so it's not charged by a span percentage. Yeah, that's a difference. So and So just say, if we want to have both, just like, suggest, just say that, and then so we sign up and we can just use your day parting part, yeah? Yeah, the automation,

Speaker  629813:20
yeah. I mean, that's, that's up to you. Yeah, absolutely. If you, if you come in, you, you can use that if you find a value in rule based as well, you you're welcome to use because you're paying for it. So if you see that, I mean, we can tell you that what sort of rules are not available on scale insights, which you can actually use ours to leverage. And if that works for you, you can create those rules on Hector and solve problem. But yeah, you should not have a similar rule created on scale insights, right? So that's very important. With a parting and rule base, it's two different thing. You should not overlap. You should not run departing there and out your both. You should run it at one place, and so is your rule base, automation, right?

Speaker  642063:59
Okay, thank you,

Speaker  642512:00
super, super. I think Brian has sent out a feedback link, guys, if you can put a feedback link Meher,

Speaker  645008:00
I have a question. Yeah, with with Prime Day being four days this year, how do you guys expect sales to behave like? What do you think the patterns gonna look like?

Speaker  647941:20
So I think there's a lot of juice. And we've seen some tent pole events, you know, Amazon Marketing, cloud data. And we've seen that even after Prime Day, which is, you know, fundamentally, always been two days, we've seen a good conversion rate, and we have seen a good amount of CPC also being lucrative at that time. So I think it's Prime Day being four days, if the traffic remains the same, I think there's a great opportunity for us to or for brands to maintain their, you know, momentum, and they might see a better results and a higher spends and revenue coming in. And I think we should just make the best of it. If it's four days, this is the first time, but yeah, if you're, if you're analyzing the data correctly, if you're just looking at if you're on your toes on this all four days, there's a lot which can come your way. Yeah, and you're happy Nate on this, yeah. Super cool. So guys, there's a feedback link. If you guys have any time, please put a feedback on this, and looking forward to help you in any ways whatsoever. Guys,

Speaker  669754:40
thank you.

Speaker  670122:40
Thanks a lot. Thanks. Nate, thank you guys, thank you for your time. Belen, are we? Are we all done?

Speaker  672042:39
Yeah. Thank you so much for everything, and thanks everyone for being here. All right,

Speaker  673694:40
guys, thank you. Bye. See ya.

Speaker  674253:19
Bye. Bye.
