MDS Retail Channel Call
Date: August 18, 2025

Speaker  304:00
So many note takers, sometimes there are more than yes

Speaker  1312:00
than

Speaker  1760:00
this, one by one. Give me a minute.

Speaker  3088:00
We put in Julian I

Speaker  12288:00
me, there you

Speaker  21232:00
Hey, Julian,

Speaker  22117:20
no problem. Hope you feel better soon.

Speaker  39705:36
Oh, you're Are you speaking? You're muted. Tim, sorry, I wasn't seeing you. All right, sorry, guys. Hello, Matej, hello again, David, Sarah and Julian, welcome, please, please put your camera on. We, we have a round table discussion so it's everyone takes part. It's not like a guru speaking and other listening, and we're here to help each other. And hello Jillian, welcome here. Thank you, Belen, for the organization. Whatever your your journey is on on retail. We always start by, like each of us, dropping a sentence of two of where we are, and if you guys want to share something when you have or a technique you found on a development you find cool, or you can also say what you're struggling with. And we try to help each other. That's the format of this call Matej. You want to start updating us on where you are?

Speaker  56133:20
Yeah, I'm Matej. Per schola, the co founder of Carlock. Carlock,

Speaker  57621:20
the sound is very low for me, is it? Is it for others, it's

Speaker  58693:20
better?

Speaker  58986:40
Yeah, it is better. Thanks.

Speaker  59562:40
We are in the automotive space, and our retail journey just started. Basically, we are setting up with one of the bigger retailers, retailer in the US, in electronics and in Canada. And don't have, I don't have any special tips right now, but I have some question for questions for later.

Speaker  67120:00
Okay, so you're in final discussions, or you're already in stores, or we

Speaker  68416:00
will launch into four.

Speaker  68816:00
Okay, cool.

Speaker  70021:20
Welcome here. What's your journey on retail? So far, he's lost her voice.

Speaker  72965:20
He loves his voice. He won't be able to speak.

Speaker  73989:20
Oh, okay. And he's, yeah, he's chatting. Okay, I don't see that. Okay, reseller, sorry. Okay, cool. Sarah, hello. What's, what's your journey so far on retail?

Speaker  79082:40
Hi, I'm Sarah windows. We went live in Walmart four years ago, we did five SKUs, all doors. Then we did target the next year with about half of the stores. We're in a bunch of smaller retailers, mostly grocery we're in CVS as of this year, 3500 doors with two SKUs. It's going well. So we're having discussion this week to add more SKUs, and we are talking to Walgreens next week.

Speaker  89637:20
What is the brand?

Speaker  90037:20
Zentos? It's a foot care company. I

Speaker  91930:40
cool, amazing.

Speaker  93002:40
Brian and David, you want to drop a line again on where you're at for the new people here in the call?

Speaker  94938:40
Yeah. So my name is Brian, founder of treated tub. It's a beauty brand. No real traction from the last time we had a call, we had this distribution partnership, basically a organization called pods. They're mostly a distributor and supply chain company that connects to different retailers. We were presented to sprouts, and yeah, they said that we got some good feedback, but sprouts might take the next couple of months before kind of letting us know what the decision is. Hopefully we get in but from now, we're just kind of holding thanks. David. I

Speaker  108250:40
have a couple brands. I'm actually walking away from a brand that used to be like a hot to make pre made, pre burnt s'mores that were in Kroger and Walmart. And even though we got approved for Walmart again, for 2400 stores, I told them I'm out. I spend a lot of time on a much bigger brand, like 30 times the size in cold compression called Thera ice. And we are, in all targets, 2000 targets, 1000 Walmarts and Costco online, which is at a tremendous price. We sell 1000s of units on Amazon a day, and sell hand, you know, 3050, you know, hundreds a week on Costco. At buy one, get one 50% off, pretty much. And I'm looking for maybe some influences on Costco, because I want to do pallet drops clearly. But creating awareness and adoption is a challenge for Costco online. So we're gonna do some promotions. What's new? Treasure Hunts, but maybe some influences, because the price is amazing. I mean, been on Good Morning America seven times, and have all body parts. And obviously for retail, trying to expand those into retail from online is an issue with sizing. So we do come up with a new product that's more of a wrap, because you can't have three ankles, you know, three knees. It's challenged. So, Sarah, I'd love to talk to you more, maybe offline, but that's my story.

Speaker  132080:00
Thanks. Well,

Speaker  132400:00
yeah, the non consumables is definitely challenging.

Speaker  133680:00
Yeah, it's a great gift. So, you know, you can buy one. You can, I mean, our main product is a headache hat. It's got 42,004.6 stars on Amazon and but to your point, you're not coming back. You know, to buy you, maybe you get another one for six months. But it's also 2995 so they're selling $20 a week at Target, and thrilled because of the price point, but we did just launch a headache stick, which is consumable, and we have, like, 75,000 units, but they're taking them out of the PDQ. And you know, you have a 16 year old, no offense to our 16 year olds, but you have people in the back that are destroying the pdqs, ripping them, taking them out. And then they're like, the sales aren't what they're supposed to be. And, you know, that's nine, $10 a week, and not the 1718, 1920, they're looking for. And it's like they're already talking about swaps or or markdowns. And we've, you know, we launched two months ago with the stick. So it's just, it's, I mean, I know this is a retail call, but it's like, you know, I had a great week on target. You sell, you know, a couple 100, and I sell that in an hour on Amazon. And it's just, it's a different breed, but to your point, doors, just more products, more doors is what we all should be shooting for

Speaker  155434:40
and consumable ideally, that's, that's what we run into, too. With foot care, we have products that people buy once every six months. So we're trying to move towards more consumables as well.

Speaker  158666:40
Yeah, it's just, there's, there's challenges. I mean, we, we have a very strong brand, so, you know, we think we're cocking. We're like Biofreeze, if you're familiar with it, just kind of being in the space for injuries, I guess, or feet or whatnot. We have the same formula, probably same plant, and we're selling the Ferro ice menthol roll on icy hot. We have a lidocaine patch. And just with the review mode and the brand blocks and retail, it's just not it's not easy to say, hey, I want to consumable. Everybody does. Obviously, if you have some Tiktok or some advertising expertise to drive it, you can spend more for that lifetime value. The problem is, it's a very saturated space, and the Chinese are coming in dirt cheap. And I mean, I have 60 competitors on my headache hat, even though I'm the brand leader and have a patent. I just I can't sue everybody in China. It's as we know, it's challenging.

Speaker  172730:40
What about the distribution? David, about Amazon and retail? It's like 5050, or it's higher on Amazon for you.

Speaker  174682:40
No, it's much higher on Amazon. I mean, we'll do 25 or 30 on Amazon in millions on on retail. Hold on. Let me turn off my air purifiers. Love.

Speaker  178016:00
But with Amazon, you know, increasing charges. I don't know if you guys saw the fulfillment fees are going up in q4 for 35 cents, you know, the storage, the charges, the diversification, especially if any one of us wants to exit at some point. It's just huge to have that diversification and be in the stores. But even Walgreens, Sarah, I don't know if they're buying their own product, but like, Walgreens has a version of a sleeve for our cold compression. I'm big into cold therapy. I have a cold plunge in sauna. If everyone is comes to Miami, they're invited to my office. There's a cold plunge in them, in my conference room. That's no longer a conference room, but they have their own brand. It's a Walgreens version, so I'm not getting in that distribution.

Speaker  189626:40
Yeah, have you talked to CBS? CBS is, like, they, in the last year, are a little bit more, sorry, I'm like, getting ready for the day. Pst, over here, they have, they're a little bit more open. The logic we always heard was target than Walmart, CVS than Walgreens, yeah, so we got in with CVS, just with two SKUs, and now Walgreens can definitely see that data, because they called us like the next week.

Speaker  197200:00
Yes, some are followers, and some are leaders. And you have to know the difference. Some are like, you know, you wait. So I have a national company that I've worked with for the for the fire smores, called CSN, if anybody's familiar with them, and they've been great. I have some context there, if anybody's interested. But they got me into Kroger, Great Wolf Lodge and things. And so I've used that kind of industry retail knowledge to help us with the much bigger company. I'm actually launching another brand that I pitched to target without selling a single dollar, and I'm not I haven't been approved, like we didn't get the business award, but they put the information in the back end. So you really have to start early with some of these. I have a broker company that got us into Target called Bluebird, and they're amazing as well. So I think a lot of people try to go directly themselves, and, you know, to pay four or 5% to somebody that's, you know, plays basketball, goes to church and lives there and knows them, and it really makes the difference. So I think sometimes it's Penny pound foolish not to find a true partner that that works with them. So we do that. I also have a cosmetics company Sarah called Aesthetica with beauty, beauty blender, with 50,000 reviews on Amazon, if you need some cosmetics, or if you're an influencer and can can post. I

Speaker  218842:40
was like, yeah, just get ready on the call. Like, camera off, no problem. That's all

Speaker  219866:40
right, I'm going to jump on the cold punch.

Speaker  220778:40
We have both an internal sales guy. He used to work at Vital Proteins and on vitamins. He was the sales director there, and as the Sales Director for us. And he manages, I think we have four or five brokers, because the different brokers seem to have different stronger or weaker relationships on different categories. So took us a minute to find the right one for foot care.

Speaker  227808:00
You see Sarah about also the different stores having different brokers that are more familiar with or have better relationship with, yes, in my experience, I see in general, they have one strong connection or maybe two,

Speaker  231941:20
yeah, and it very much varies by buyer. So we had to switch brokers because our buyer was really strong with our broker that we had, and then as soon as she moved off the desk, we needed a different broker, because the next broker just or the next buyer didn't have that same relationship.

Speaker  237722:39
How do you pretty much being in the wrong category? Like they're like, We got you in, but you're not really where you're supposed to be.

Speaker  239898:40
We did instant checkout, or like the pharmacy checkout aisle at CVS, and it was a disaster. And actually, it set us back a couple of years getting into CVS because they couldn't merchandise it, and we don't have the resources to send in a merch team to all the stores that we were in.

Speaker  244768:00
Yeah, of course. So it

Speaker  245024:00
almost set us back. I think if you have the money to put behind a merch team, it can work.

Speaker  246965:20
Yeah, yeah. We struggle. We we're at the launch in Walmart. We're doing shopkicks, which is like a back end kind of promotion. And it the challenge is that you do it. But the reality is, you, you kind of see the numbers, and ultimately it's, you know, it's almost faking the numbers. And then when you pull it back, then what? But we're showing Walmart that we're committed. And I think you have to play the game a little bit, sadly,

Speaker  253786:40
yeah, I think that counts towards their margin. So the buyers have to hit, like, a certain margin. And you can do it through, like, ad spend. You can do it through a couple of different ways, but I think that those shopkicks are one of the ways. But, yeah, it sucks when you have to charge backs, then you have to, like,

Speaker  258352:00
paste

Speaker  258576:00
the extra inventory.

Speaker  258832:00
Well, we might have to do a rollback on the stick because it's too expensive and and it's reusable to your point, but 999 but it's, you know, we might have to drop it to 699, or 599 and that's going to not be pretty with 75,000 units.

Speaker  263653:20
Yeah, better than Amazon. Now, margins are better than Amazon, but I keep telling myself,

Speaker  265637:20
yeah, I don't know if you get your tacos in line. We find the opposite, but we, we went higher. You know, I think some of the things we can talk about on the call's future is price parity between the two, like the target customers, not the WalMart customer. Is your product the same on Walmart as it is on target? Yeah, Walmart version, like a little cheaper because it's a different customer.

Speaker  272058:40
We have the same product, it's really difficult for us to to change our volume we have. They're like pieces so and it comes in pairs, so we can't really do like, one and a half pieces and then Walmart or a

Speaker  276240:00
different color, a different pattern, some I mean, we want to, I mean, besides a different G 10, we're trying to say, Hey, listen, can we change it so that the price parity isn't an issue? Because Walmart wants the best price, and we're like, dude, Amazon's, you know, you will do price parity, but we're not going to do cheaper on Walmart than we are on other channels, unless you change the product, like you could change the blouse you're wearing, a t shirt, and make it thinner, make it a different fabric, and say it's different, and charge $5 less. So you know, if you guys are going to retail, I would consider that we're creating a pro version that I might give to target, because they might be willing to spend a little bit more, but the WalMart customer wants the cheapest out there. So even if I match it to Amazon. Let's say my, you know, whatever. I think Enough said on that topic, but that's, that's a challenge that we run into with the price parity and then targets offset, you know, it's like, well, they want to decide Black Friday, Cyber Monday. They can't make a decision today because they think they're technically savvy. And, you know, all of a sudden we're gonna have a deal on Amazon, and they might not match because they couldn't change the pricing for 12 days, or a top deal for a day. It's just, they're not, it's not what they do.

Speaker  297045:20
Do you guys pitch for holiday at all? Say

Speaker  297717:20
it again. Do

Speaker  298005:19
you pitch for holiday

Speaker  298517:20
like a sidekick or an end cap,

Speaker  299130:40
yeah? Or they're like, grab bins or whatever those are called,

Speaker  299946:39
yes. I mean, I did it for fire and the sidekicks and the end caps are amazing. They're huge deals. If you guys are familiar, it's, you know, it's off shelf. Sometimes it's an in and out. You might give them a custom design or a special price, but I'm totally into pitching. It's just it's challenging to get them for sure.

Speaker  305712:00
Yeah, how do you demonstrate that you will have the demand for that? Because a lot of times we're innovating to try and stay ahead of competitors, but we don't have any data so we can show them like search demand and stuff. But I was wondering if you had a way to show demand a year in advance.

Speaker  310437:20
I think we're showing them demand elsewhere. Like I say, Hey, we've been on Good Morning America seven times. We, you know, it for for Prime you know, for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, four days or 12, we sold, you know, $2 million and X amount of units in those four days. So you're missing out. So I've used it from other channels. I've shown Walmart targets data and said, Hey, we're selling, you know, $20 you know, a week. And they love that number. If that you still have to put in the right spot in target. We are next to Excedrin and Tylenol. In the pain, Walmart put us in some random freaking category, and the numbers are $20 they're 17. That's, you know, and in the marshmallows, it's a pre made candy. I was in the marshmallow section, not even candy, even that was a pre made, pre burnt smore. And, you know, doing millions of dollars, but in the wrong section. So we did some features and some, you know, sidekicks, whatever everybody calls it, to get some adoption and awareness. But I think, to answer your question, you gotta, you gotta sell the sizzle, not the steak, and you gotta find some data that has been successful, and that's where the broker, you know, comes in and has that relationship.

Speaker  330597:20
Yeah, I'm just impatient. I want to, I want to pitch stuff that we haven't even gotten on Amazon, because once it's on Amazon, then we get copied, and then other people are pitching against us, yeah, by the time you're out,

Speaker  333578:40
yeah, no, that's so yeah, the broker did I have a new brand that that when I prototypes, I share with you, but we sent one, and like I said earlier, it's, there's a chance we're making it into Target, and we haven't even sold a single one yet, so, but normally it takes a long time. I mean, it could take a year you miss a mod. It could be next, you know, April 27 at this point for target, specifically, I'm referring to

Speaker  340928:00
so once you're an established brand and you're an established like entrepreneur, they're willing to give you meetings for new brands. Because I've seen that with like Eric Ryan. I don't know if you followed his his products, he did like method, and then he did Ollie and Welly, and we have a few employees who worked with him, and they were saying that he would get meetings for these brands before he had a single prototype,

Speaker  347338:39
I think so, yes, because it's, I think that, like, the sell sheet we're working on is from the founders of fair ice, you know, introducing this. And we've always been committed to giving them what they wanted, whether it's ad spend. I mean, for target, you know, the average is like 17 to 18% or 15 to 18% e com, and we're like 24% obviously, we know it from Amazon, but we're spending a lot of ads, and we're kind of understanding what their their their avatar is and what they want to see, and giving it to them. So if we're at 24% the broker who has a great relationship is saying, we've done this. They know what they're doing. They're going to do this, this and this, and you obviously need a unique product too. So when I'm when I have the product I'll share, obviously, I've also been an EO for 25 years. If you guys know EO, it used to be y o, but I'm no longer young. So if you have a chapter in your area, I'd recommend looking into that. It's not just business. It's, it's, it's personal. You can, you know, talk with like minded individuals, like we do at MDs, but it's, it's pretty amazing, because you share personal business growth pains. And it's, it's been awesome,

Speaker  367034:40
yeah, and on that topic, the the squad format that we have in MDS is directly inspired by EO and YPO. I don't know if you guys heard about it, but it's I've been doing that for three years now. I was in the pilot one. Now they have probably around 15 different groups, usually seven, eight people, usually in the same region, but not always my team. I'm in Europe. I have guys in Mexico, Canada, US, Puerto Rico and and we meet next month in upstate New York, actually, and with a great the same forum format where we share not just business stuff, but also personal it's great. I really recommend,

Speaker  377701:20
and just make sure Julian, obviously, is without voice, and it's giving some feedback on the chat. So like yo, he did some Goldman Sachs Group and was involved, saying that a broker is obviously very helpful. So just keep an eye on the chat, because, yeah, voice

Speaker  382362:39
is also sharing that in a NACDs has a great list of brokers.

Speaker  384506:40
Yeah, you getting really charging more on Amazon? Is it just different units? Who sorry Julian saying he charges more on Amazon? I would love to charge more on Amazon, but they are very good at scraping.

Speaker  390357:19
Yeah, no, I think he's just saying he sells more.

Speaker  391701:20
Oh, people think,

Speaker  392565:19
yeah. So I know many brands that do when, when your product is is a good fit for that, right? You either change the size, I don't know if you have like, 100 caps in one jar. You do 110 for one channel and 100 for the other one. Or you you change the color. It's like dark black and light black. But it can be the same products, but it's you name it differently, and you have two different barcodes. And then the scrapping doesn't work anymore.

Speaker  400234:40
Amazon actually hit us during prime a week before, even though target had a different pattern, a different G 10 everything, and our SAS core rep fixed it, but the AI, I mean, again, it's technology said, it's still the same product, which it is, it's, it's, it's a different pattern, but, you know, and we got away with it. But no, no, you're right. That's the danger. I mean, five shape is easy, for sure. If

Speaker  407205:19
you change certain dimensions, you don't use the same visuals. Use the old visuals of your of your listing, not the new ones. Change a few dimensions, like style or whatever that can do the trick. But indeed, now AI is smart enough to recognize that even if it's not the same code, that can be the same product.

Speaker  411994:40
Yeah, we even got sued. Does

Speaker  412698:39
it make a difference enough or not?

Speaker  413898:39
I have, I have on my Amazon listings, products that are the same and under different codes, and they're okay because the listings are quite different.

Speaker  416831:59
Yeah, we set up. We have a listing with the retail packaging, photos and everything for the retail they

Speaker  418143:59
still think it's the same, like we have a five inch for Walmart, a 10 inch for for target, a two pack, and they still think it's the same for Costco and then our bat on Amazon. It's a bad but ultimately, it's still a headache. Kat, so you just gotta be careful. I was saying we got sued for having MSRP, I don't know how that fits into the retail conversation, but the the Hey, it's 4995 on sale for 2995 and the issue was, have you sold it at that 4995 price? So California, of course. Sorry for the California residents that are on the call, but be careful of that, because they're hacking there. You'll you'll see it from being removed off of Amazon and some of the retail sites as well where they don't show it at 4995 on sale for 2995 they're just showing 2995 and if it's truly on sale, believe that you'll show the discount. So you can't show 40% off, 20% off, whatever the math is, that's

Speaker  437071:59
a good watch out, because we've definitely gotten used to just kind of playing with that number on that number on Amazon. We had a

Speaker  438661:20
good attorney. We settled the meanwhile, the guy the ADA, the guy who sued us, the plate this, the plaintiff that they did was blind, so that's a problem, because, like, that's another suit, but he shouldn't even ever see it, so they're just horrible, like, whatever. But we have a good attorney if that ever happens. But I would just stop doing listen, if you've sold it at that 4995 as an example, that's fine. But the truth is, have you ever really sold it at that price? You know, MSRP is designed to be like, hey, and then you see Chinese competitors saying it's 59 or $69 in my same example, 87% off. Like, come on. And so they make a bad name for us, but that's, you know, that's a separate conversation, but I

Speaker  449343:59
thought you could be safe as long as you can prove that you have a transaction, let's say in California, once in a while at this high price

Speaker  451600:00
giveaway. No, no, you are correct. Unequivocally, you have to have sold it at that price, okay?

Speaker  452959:59
But if once every three months? Is it enough?

Speaker  453797:20
I do not know that. I do not know the number. I can probably tell you, I don't think we ever sold it at 49 and if we did, it was once, just to fit the model. But again, I think it needs it. Just ask yourself, are you trying to beat the system, or are you selling it at that price, and then it's on sale? Most of the time is fine, but if every three months you sell it once for this, in this example, 4095, I think you're going to lose that case too. Ambulance chases. Yeah,

Speaker  461290:39
good. Do you see David? More issues with some people trying to sue you after you're in retail, just like compared to just selling on Amazon?

Speaker  464378:40
Yes, I listen. I just you have to treat it in your margins. You have to know it's coming. I mean, I sold an inc 500 company in the past. I was number 265, and you get on the list, you get a badge on Amazon, you show up in retail, then they're coming after you, like, treat it as a badge of honor, because, you know, I mean, we had a, like, it's, it's, yeah, as Julian said, it's, you know, huge targets when you have success, whether it's Inc 500 or anything and retails, you know, the Chinese, they'll come after you. So you need to make sure you have a good team and make sure you're setting up things correctly because they're coming, then the Chinese, you know, companies will, will, will screw with you, and you know they don't play by the rules. So, you know, they'll get you. I mean, we had somebody kicked off of Amazon through SAS and through whatever, what a patent. And they literally came after us in like every, every way possible. And our listing was having problems, and we literally had to settle with them, even though we were in the right and they're still on Amazon at half our price, like $16 $15 headache product. But we have the review mode, and we just, you know, we're just driving off site traffic and doing everything we can to sell a brand. And, you know, be a company, not not have a product on Amazon or in retail like you need. You know, the brand block, Sarah has done an amazing job. But you know, to have multiple products, it's not just sell more, but you're more visible on the shelf. You have more cloud with the retailers. That's that's the big part of it, for sure.

Speaker  493386:40
Do you have multiple products in No, I was

Speaker  494794:40
saying, hello. Oh, I have, I have one. The target is with the one, the head of Kat. We got approved. We think for the any sleeve, which is just a sleeve of cold that can be used for your knee, elbow, all different body parts and you can touch it. But again, I couldn't do sizes without, you know, the brand block. So I'm going back to them saying, Hey, can we do two ankle, two knee? So that's the one in Target, and the any sleeve. And maybe the new brand will be three. And Walmart started with three, the hat, the any sleeve, and the stick and Cosmos online is just one.

Speaker  505861:20
We had to fight to get that brand block. They were trying to scatter us across the across the category?

Speaker  507802:40
Well, let's back up for people on the call. So a brand block sounds amazing, but it comes with consequences. So if you don't sell it, you could have a chargeback again, depending on the size of some people on the call. I mean, it could put you out of business, you know where they want you to roll back the price in that example, 75,000 Sarah, you could tell me more. But like, if those don't sell and I have to drop it $4 do I owe them? You know, hundreds of 1000s of dollars.

Speaker  516479:59
It's negotiable. But yes,

Speaker  517071:59
yes, yes, it's nego and that's where the So, meaning, it sounds great to say, hey, I want to get five products in, but if the sizes don't work, and you you overly sold, and you like, you know, the broker was amazing and got you in, guess what? They're not paying the fines, they're not paying the charge backs. They're not paying the rollbacks. We are. So, you know, brand blocks are great, but in theory, they need to be your top selling products that are going to move. And you have to be realistic about it. If I look at my Amazon sales, the heady Kat sells the most. Ankle sells next the knee, elbow. So the stick actually isn't one of our top sellers, and we got it in and surprisingly, you know, it's not doing as great, and it might need to come down in price, but we knew that, and we wanted a consumable to your point. So you know, if you build it doesn't mean they'll come. Don't get too excited on retail to say, Hey, I'm in. That's great. They took eight products because it could put you out of business as

Speaker  533920:00
well. What's What's your percentage of Amazon versus retail? I think retail for us is like 20% of our business,

Speaker  535861:20
which is

Speaker  536245:20
crazy, okay, because nypo People are always saying that it's the opposite, and they're always shocked that we're so big on Amazon. No, it

Speaker  538213:19
depends on the business. I have a friend that sells women's boxers Walker, and she's the reverse. She does a tremendous job on her listen, I'd rather be it on my on my Thera Shopify site, because the value of the customer to an acquirer, to me is much greater because I can email them and do everything. We don't control the Amazon customer, but it's, it's just a simple world of people are going to Amazon. So I, you know, this is a retail call, and I think we need to, you know, Julian's even saying 80% on Amazon as well. But the reality is, it's just so easy, you know, one click and, you know, Subscribe and Save if you're reusable, and you know the prices. So I just think we need to push the envelope with these doors to diversify, move more volume, you know, for our costs and margins, I mean the tariffs, the all the stuff that we're all going through, sales solve a lot of that problem. You know, sell more, get a better volume discount helps Yeah, Julian saying he struggles to get them to trust his own site, which is the challenge, for sure. I mean, I joke SEO all this, it's all of our businesses, is super easy. Be the authority on the subject, for sure. Be the authority of but it's not, you know? I mean, we have a 48 year old woman Stanford doctor that had podcasts about headaches and migraines, that's great, but they still don't go to our site as much. But we need to keep doing that, and then they'll trust you in the store. Did anybody have any Costco influencers? I'd love to them to email me if or put it in the chat, if they do, if they're on Costco online, at least

Speaker  567029:20
now, are sold for

Speaker  567445:20
a specific retailer like Costco, like they talk about, like dual packs all day long, or what, say

Speaker  570149:20
it again, yes, they would say, now available For $30 on Amazon. You know, get it for 3999 on I mean, if we sold, you know, 1000s of caps yesterday on Amazon, why aren't? Why aren't they going nuts on Costco? And those

Speaker  573866:40
guys just talk about, like, the good deals you have if you buy a dual pack at Costco or a larger size.

Speaker  575306:40
Again, maybe Sarah can comment, there are target influencers. There are influencers, you know, for every for every retailer you might need to give a good deal. So they have something to talk about, back to being the expert, or a new launch of a new product, or sidekick launches with the price. But they go on and they say, oh my god, I found this at this great price. Go buy it, but then you have a price parity. This is all snowballs. This is they do. Does

Speaker  583285:20
Costco do Ibotta iBot has been working well for us.

Speaker  584501:20
I don't know. Check it

Speaker  585093:20
out. Yeah, Ibotta is something we do with new launches. Is it sort of gives them like a discount. So if people are already shopping at Target, they basically get a discount, and it can be all the way up to 100% just to get units moving, to keep that buyer happy in that initial two week window. Awesome

Speaker  592410:40
stuff. Who else has is doing a challenge or wants to get the help of the group?

Speaker  595168:00
I feel like where I'm way out of my league here. Yeah, you guys are so advanced in retail, it's crazy. And congratulations on your success, David, you've, like, you're pretty far ahead, and it's really cool to see. For me,

Speaker  599189:20
like,

Speaker  600053:20
well, maybe I got some years to, like, be able to catch up to you. But yeah, it seems like you've been able to get to some really good traction. Like, for me, now we've been selling on mostly e com, but we've diversified our away from Amazon. Amazon's like roughly 35% of our revenue now we do mostly on online retailers like I herb, and that's been doing really well for us. We're seeing that there's not so much many more opportunities that size on online, and we'd love to break into brick and mortar. We're trying out for sprouts, I guess. Like, what would you say would be one good action step I can take to get further into big box retailer? Maybe that's like working with a broker, one of the ones you guys meant, you mentioned, like Bluebird. What's something I could do to kind of step into big bucks?

Speaker  614821:20
I would definitely talk to brokers. I mean, see who the relationship is. You know, people talk about tests. We for target, for Walmart, we started, you know, I think it's 950 stores or something, and then, and then we're, you know, 1024 or something. So sometimes they'll do regional or different tests, which is also a great way to kind of Sarah asked earlier to get some data to prove to them, but then you have to fund it and make it work so that you can expand.

Speaker  622890:40
Yeah, maybe Sarah can

Speaker  623194:40
answer that question too, because she's done tremendous job getting in there, right

Speaker  624544:00
for us, they cared a lot about retail numbers for online. So we we told them, like number one in the category for Amazon, and told them what the size of that category was. And that was really compelling for them. For Walmart, they wanted us to do walmart.com for a year. Before we would they would put us in store. So we did a year of walmart.com and honestly, I thought it was going really poorly, because Walmart is just like 1% of Amazon, but apparently it was going really well. So then after that, then they put us indoors. I'd agree, a broker is helpful because it gives you just, like, extra credibility. I think a lot of times they don't want to work with a bunch of people who have not done retail, because there's so many just intricacies in the supply chain and keeping in stock and promotions and everything that it's much easier for them to take a chance on a new brand that has some sort of broker presence, not that you can't do it like I landed Walmart with no broker, and then it was just like an absolute disaster, because going live, we were the first retailer that they'd ever taken in that was only on online, and so they thought that we were set up in all These systems that we weren't, and we weren't and we had empty pegs for two weeks. It was, it was terrible, but, yeah, I'd say a broker is a good investment. They usually have models where they do, like, a couple $1,000 a month until you're in store. So it's very expensive. I

Speaker  650917:20
would add to what you said is, I would show them what it's going to look like. If you're an Amazon seller and have a bag, let's say my headache had, we didn't have the box, but we had, we had our artists make the design for the the retail box, excuse me. And literally, there's, there's a lot of companies that can do, like, a quick mock up. It'll cost you hundreds of dollars. And people like, I don't want to spend a don't want to spend a grand to do this, or a couple $1,000 but you need to invest in the launch. And you can make like, you know, we made this package for like, three of them before we made, you know, 50,000 so you you have to in the meeting what you want to show them not like, oh, we can make you box. If you make them a box, even if it's digitally printed, they'll have expectations. This is what it's going to look like. And so I think you you have to have that ready to go for the meeting.

Speaker  665621:20
Got it okay? That's

Speaker  666101:20
we before, before we really had this packaging. We faked it, and now it's our packaging on Amazon as well. You can show it like this. You can show it like this. You can show it like this, well, like like this. And then also being able to show the product vertically or horizontally, gives many options that they love and say, Oh, this is very smartly thought about, okay, that's great. I can have a wider assortment, just because I save the width in the width of the product. So instead of having like, three three colors, I can have five and and increase the turnover per per per shelf. Basically,

Speaker  677248:00
yeah, I did these boxes, they don't show the image of the product, since, I think, for like, skincare, I mean, it kind of looks tacky to have, like an image of the bottle. So, yeah, I'm not sure this is really done okay for E commerce, because we can ship out of these. We can just slap a label on it and ship it, but like on the shelf, it doesn't really show exactly what the product

Speaker  683050:40
is, right? Brian, it's a different mindset. Like, again, I think we all on retail, on E commerce, excuse me, have the package. We have eight images. We have the lead, and we're like, they've already bought the product. When they get it, you want to, you want to make them feel good. You might render the package behind an image to throw a keyword in, but we can talk about that on a not retail call that you're doing for your Amazon listing, but the mindset of, you know, Sarah, my comment, or somebody else might comment that it's four feet four seconds, or something in retail that you have to put all your eight images, including your video, on your box, so when someone walks by, They're going to see it. And so respectfully, Brian, yes, that's not going to work for for retail, because they might need to see it. They might need to have a slogan on why you're better, you know. And you also, if you guys haven't, guys and gals, you know, going to retail store to look at it, see what your competitors are, price points, what colors jump out. You know, how are you going to stand up differently from them? Because you think your baby's beautiful, and then you put it on the shelf and you're like, oh my god, you know, I'm lost.

Speaker  701530:40
Yeah, makes sense. Definitely

Speaker  702074:40
different mindset, for

Speaker  702698:40
sure. I would benchmark what the best brands are doing, and also take examples of brands in other categories than yours, and then maybe launch a design contest on 99 designs, and you'll get plenty of options for packaging and just show the one that you you think the other coolest for sale.

Speaker  707408:00
Cool. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Any broker recommendations for skincare or cosmetics company? Yeah?

Speaker  710421:20
I didn't take Aesthetica to retail. It's only on Amazon.

Speaker  711813:20
David, maybe for the influences we usually we work with influencer, but we contact them directly, just the ones that we thought we do. At least we just do systematically everything. If you need any help, we can jump on a call. Yeah, I'm having

Speaker  715754:40
somebody join. I think I Googled did research, like CJ Commission Junction does it. But I think, to your point, like you reverse engineer it, like, just go online and see who's recommended to buy something at Costco, and then reach out to them. Like it's nothing is hidden in this world, like you could see them, you know. I mean, I've sent, I've sent knee braces and headache Kat to Kat Clark and called all of her agents because she hurts herself and get headaches. Of course, the agents didn't call me back. I sent me sleeves to Steph Curry during the playoffs when he got hurt and ant. I mean, I strike out miserably, but, you know, it's fun to try. But yes, it's a good point. I can just see who's doing it and kind of reach of reach out. So I need to do that some of

Speaker  726677:20
that, like, one tip for us, really was we did a lot of tests, and at the end it's like the 8080, 20 rule, right? Can have one influencers doing like 80% of the impact in our case, and you see, it seems like everybody's similar, or could do similar numbers, but then it's really in the details of the influence

Speaker  732858:40
Brian. I'd also say ecrm was helpful for us, just because I had to pitch, like, 30 times in a row and then get immediate feedback from buyers. And we didn't, we didn't. We didn't land anyone in ecrm for the first three years, but then the fourth year started to get some traction, because there was just such a steep learning curve of what they wanted. And every buyer has a slightly different thing that they're looking for. But it definitely helps you refine the brand quite a bit. And you can meet brokers there. I don't know if they're necessarily the best brokers, but it's a place to get started.

Speaker  742597:20
Yeah, it sounds good. Yeah, looks like we need that. Thank you.

Speaker  745317:20
UCR, we

Speaker  747189:20
did eventually land Walmart from a meeting that started there. It wasn't directly at ecrm, but it was a conversation that started there. Wow.

Speaker  750058:40
But in general, Sarah, are you happy with Walmart and selling there? Yeah,

Speaker  751274:40
the margins are way better for us compared to Amazon, because we have a low price point, so fees just eat us alive on on Amazon, and definitely, my plan is to sell in a couple years. So it's key, it's the diversification.

Speaker  755088:00
Yeah. Where do you distribute from? Who does your district?

Speaker  756272:00
We did, sorry, we just switched to RJ W. I guess a lot of people use RJ W for Walmart, they have a service where we can, since our product is small, we can palletize with other brands, and then it cuts down our distribution costs, quite a bit Marvel, and then we're able to use their software so we can ship directly from China. We're trying that out this month. So RJ w will create the labels and coordinate with our China based partners to ship directly to Walmart distribution centers, which will save us quite a bit.

Speaker  767578:40
Yeah, we do that with dot. I kind of came in the back end through food from my from the candy company. So we think dot for Walmart, and they do the same, like we sent the container directly to Sterling, Illinois for dot foods. Even though it's food company, they do other dry and other products. So and work well with Walmart, but I mean, it's very efficient. Like we, you know, SPS, commerce, DDi, like we're the whole process is simple. We don't we're trying not to touch it. Target picks up from our, our own warehouse down here, a W D at Amazon is saying that they're going to have some of these opportunities for retailers in the future where we can ship from a w d to the retailers we're referring to. But, I mean, that makes me nervous. We'll, we'll see how that goes.

Speaker  779306:40
Yeah, they've, they've been a little unreliable over the last year. A WD, yeah.

Speaker  780570:40
Julian is

Speaker  780922:40
asking, just talking about not having storage available for people as well. Sorry to interrupt.

Speaker  782922:40
Yeah. Julian is asking if you guys had a contact there at RJ W Yeah,

Speaker  784704:00
if he sends me, I don't have Sorry, I'm on my on my phone, so I don't have it directly, but if he sends me an email, I can, I can get that through operations team.

Speaker  787968:00
Thanks. Hello, Louisa, welcome in the call. Tell us about your retail journey and how we can help.

Speaker  790133:20
I'm completely new here. I have two brands. One is in the home and kitchen space for four years, that brand has good recognition in one niche, but we're trying to build out, you know, more product lines before we go, you know, the retail route, right? And and from Home and Kitchen like that. It's, it's basically, you buy one time, and then, you know, you're good for five years. So that has been pretty challenging. You know, for, I would assume it'd be challenging for retail. I have another brand that is launched late last year. It's, it's a herbal tea brand, and that brand has shown, you know, way more interest from, you know, retailer or brokers. And we were part of startup CPG, and I go to a lot of these events, and then they apparently are showing way more interest in, you know, house related stuff than than other stuff. But, you know, we're still pretty new. So we're trying to, you know, get our online presence, get our Amazon ranking better, and then get our meta, as you know, Shopify drive better, before we go into that. One thing we found out from going to, you know, all these, you know, Fancy Food Show going to Expo West, is that, like these consumables, retail brokers, or, you know, sprouts, the retailers, even them, They are looking for online data first, right? They are trying to pick up, you know, Tiktok, Wire Products. They're trying to pick up product. They're already ranked well on Amazon, just lacking retail presence. So, so even for the traditional retailer, we found out that they are really need to, you know, to work with brands that have shown you know that they are able to capture the online audience well before they they even talk to you. So my original plan for the tea brand was, you know, go straight to retail. But now, like, after going through all these trade show, I've realized, okay, that's not the case. They change your mindset completely over the past few years. I don't know if that's something that you you also found through your journey going going retail. I know like we have some heavy sets you that we tell her here in this group, you guys have been doing this for years already. I know, if you have noticed the change of mindsets, you know, the past, you know, few years.

Speaker  835696:00
I guess I've been in retail for five years now, and they were already looking for for online data for us, for us to prove ourselves online. Now, as we're launching new innovation, we they they want to see it before we show it to Amazon, and which surprised me, this year, they were like, where is this? We want to be the first. But that's after years of establishing the relationship and the brand and showing that we invest in our launches and all of that, but yeah, to get in initially, it was definitely we had to show that we were doing significant volumes on Amazon. Are you

Speaker  846154:40
able to get features or sidekicks with the new

Speaker  847418:40
innovation? But Karen does. Oh, thank you for the coffee bean smells good. Book care turns very slowly, so we do not get as many sidekicks. I've had one before, and it didn't go well for anybody, so they haven't really done them again. We're trying to get into some of the holiday shoppable areas, like those bins in front of target with some foot masks. But even that is challenging, just because foot care turns so much slower than vitamins literally any other category in the store. So the options are just not given to the buyers to have that we'd love it though they put us out to the side, draw some more customers in for thoughts.

Speaker  861434:40
Heidi Byron, hello, welcome on the call. What's your journey on retail? Uh, where do you need help?

Speaker  863882:40
Yeah, um, nice to meet you all in a previous life. So the brand that I manage right now, we've just been in business for about a year. It's in the pet space. I think we're a little early to go into retail. So just trying to build out the portfolio, build out the velocity, and obviously, to everybody's point, right? You have to do things to get the buyers excited. And it's not just you stating that it's an exciting product. You have to have kind of the data and reviews and everything to show it so a little bit early, hoping in a year or two, that we can start having those conversations, a product is pretty No, we all say this, but our product is pretty revolutionary. So hoping in a in a year or two, we get a shot to have those combos in a past life, I was in a home improvement space, so we had started in, started in Amazon in like late 2000s and we maintain number one category ship being that early, and we continue to be number one led by innovation, and we leverage that to have conversations with Home Depot and Lowe's. So we got in a very competitive space where, basically the brands that are there never leave. And we were able to get a few slots from there. We were actually able to expand into different categories. So this was at the brands, was Kraus, so they do like workstation sinks, faucets, things of that nature. We were the first worst workstation sink that allowed us to get placement in store. Then we did faucets. We were able to get faucets in store. And then right before I left that company, we actually did a category expansion at Walmart and got a full store rollout, which was pretty exciting. So yeah, my experience is primarily in the home improvement space, a little bit on the retail like traditional big box, but mainly on the home improvement space. So just wanted to intro myself, no immediate questions right now. Just wanted to say, hi, learn a little bit from you all, and hopefully I can provide some value in the future.

Speaker  901845:20
Cool, thanks. Just wanted to share another thing too, that was a surprise for me, for to attract retailers attention when you're in non consumables, like I am the design awards, like we have this award, Red Dot design award that we put on pack now, and they love it. And you, you pretty much buy it, right? You apply and, oh, you got it. And it's like 6k or 7k to to use it for life. And this guy who invented that award is is making millions just by basically sailing, selling his license. Of course, you have to have some design ish products. But not even I was visiting the museum they have in Germany, where they exhibit all the products that are elected every year. And there are hundreds. You know, how many toilet seats won the Red Dot design award last year? 1818, toilet seats. And they pretty much have all the same shape, right? That, you know. So it's, it's really a big, big business, but it still has value. So it's a bit bullshit, but it has value for the consumers and for the retailers. So I would, I will continue using it. And there's, there are three or four big ones, like red.or

Speaker  922997:20
it's also for software, or, like, a combination of hardware and software

Speaker  924010:40
can can be a combination of hard and soft, yes, but you have cars and, like, toilet brushes, yeah.

Speaker  926666:40
How did you submit for being considered?

Speaker  927466:40
You go online, there's a you need to fill a form, and you also need to send, not just a sample, but also like a way to present, if you're considering that being me and I'll share my material with you. So you basically share a send a big box that they're going to reveal in front of the jury, but it's pretty much you buy it still, they want you to make the effort, but it's, that's the way it works.

Speaker  934405:20
Do you have to have, like, a designer on your team? Well, I guess you have to prove this part of your own design, right? But it can be someone on your team, right?

Speaker  937109:20
Yeah. And then you say, yeah, it's design is shared internally and externally. And you name the people you want to name I see, and how much do yourself and marketing people you don't need to Got it.

Speaker  941066:40
Got it. How much do you pay for their licensing? I

Speaker  942250:40
think it's six or 7k one time. If you want to use it in retail, it might be a bit more expensive now for the retail part, but, and they never checked. So, so the second one I got, I said, No, I'm going to use it on the online, and then I use it in retail, and no one is bothering me.

Speaker  946576:00
And that is so smart.

Speaker  948080:00
All right, guys, any final requests where we're approaching one hour time. So to be respectful of everyone's time, I think we're going to wrap up. But if that's cool for you, let's continue this format. It's really a round table that. So again, there's no teacher, there's no students. Everyone comes with where they're at. And last time, we had two people in the same I think, Brian, you were one of them in the same niche and sharing best practice with your competitor. So I think that's great. We can all win together. And wherever you're at, it's at the beginning of your journey, or you're you're a veteran in retail. I think that's the purpose of this channel. Thank you. Thank you, guy, all guys, for your time. Are

Speaker  960672:00
we singing Happy Birthday to you? Are you just having champagne on your own?

Speaker  962096:00
I'm gonna enjoy your birthday.

Speaker  962560:00
So have a good night's over your days.

Speaker  963328:00
Have

Speaker  963616:00
an amazing night. Happy birthday. Yeah, 32nd birthday.

Speaker  964800:00
Happy birthday. Happy birthday.

Speaker  965632:00
Thank you guys, take care. See you some

Speaker  966661:20
Yeah, trust them. Milan, whoever's going bye, Julian, feel better.
