APAC Chapter Kick Off Call
Date: September 29, 2025

Speaker  224:00
Yeah, for these calls, they're all going to be recorded so people can have access to them on the app. Does every member in MDS get access to them? Or only the Asia group?

Speaker  3280:00
We can decide that I would like naturally gravitate for everyone to have access to these but if you think they shouldn't, we can certainly talk about that too.

Speaker  9637:20
Ryan, Marissa, hey. Merissa, so excited to actually see you in a call. Hello.

Speaker  12234:40
This is wonderful. Thank you guys. Thank you Jonathan for hosting. Thank you Ivan for being our first guest.

Speaker  15770:40
So exciting guys, I've been thinking of IBW, I

Speaker  21333:20
he's got Hello, hello,

Speaker  23573:20
hello, hello,

Speaker  24277:20
and looking forward to seeing many of you Guys in a week. Yeah, 100%

Speaker  26773:20
Yep. Or bodies, I just hope the weather is better then.

Speaker  28442:40
Then was that? Gee, is that? Or who was that? Was that in Melbourne?

Speaker  29530:39
That was but, yeah, I hope the weather is better than Melbourne's.

Speaker  30890:40
Yeah, it will be.

Speaker  32298:40
The food might, might not be as great, but the weather will

Speaker  34319:59
Merissa, what percentage of the Asia group is going to be coming?

Speaker  36032:00
So APAC or just from Asia?

Speaker  37696:00
Either? I'm not sure.

Speaker  38581:20
I don't know, there are 17 of us coming now, 17, okay, yeah, there's 17 of us coming.

Speaker  40677:20
And do we still have that one ticket available that the person wants to

Speaker  41877:20
we have two tickets available because we've had two guests that have had to step out, yeah? So if there's anyone that is interested in joining, they're both private rooms. So it'd be great. It'd be great to fill those up.

Speaker  46426:40
Yeah, cool. Well, we can make an announcement too at the end of the call, just to double check.

Speaker  48202:40
Great. So see,

Speaker  49392:00
we can wait another minute or so for people to join in, and then we'll get started,

Speaker  50896:00
just to put it out there as well. Normally, the the event, the forum, the mastermind, would just be open to MDS members, but because we have these two last minute tickets available, if there is anyone in your community that has kind of been sitting on the fence of joining MDs, this is a really great opportunity for them to come together and meet some members, because we are so spread out across APAC. So it's a great opportunity for people to meet members. And then we do offer a joining kind of discount if they do come to an event. So if there's anyone that you'd like to invite that fits the MDS kind of group mindset, then, then, yeah, let's have a chat as well. Yeah, right?

Speaker  66250:40
All right, we got 17 people on amazing.

Speaker  67738:40
Oh, June, it's so fine, so great to actually see your face. June goes to a lot of mobile calls, but it's very late for you, so she doesn't put her camera.

Speaker  71157:20
Oh, June, good to Good to see you. June.

Speaker  72709:20
Okay, guys, you have to get started. It's

Speaker  73189:20
good to see you guys. Sorry. I was on mute. Hey, it's a lot of really familiar faces. Hope you guys are all well.

Speaker  77594:40
Julie's from

Speaker  78122:40
Hong Kong, right. Ji, yeah, I'm in Hong Kong. So if you guys come to visit, let me know. I almost, I almost did last year. So we'll get, we'll get one in this year. Cool. All right, let's get started. Welcome everybody. This is the first mogul style call for the Asia Pacific community, yay. No more feeling left out. No more needing to wake up at midnight. No more needing to feel like MDS is existing in the world and we're the ones left out. This is for us. We get to be included, and everyone else we're gonna our goal is to make everyone else at MDS jealous, and they're going to start waking up at one and 2am to come join us. My name is Jonathan. I'll be the one helping to facilitate these calls. I am in MDS since 2019 I think 2019 so I've been at MDS for a while, but I'm new to your community. I moved to Tokyo 10 months ago or 11 months ago, but I have an asterisk there, and that is, even though I am white, I identify as Asian, and so my wife is Asian. I'm married to a Japanese for 17 years. I've lived in South Korea for three years. I've hung out with Asians my whole life. So at one point I just got tired of being an American, and I'm like, I'm just going to move to Asia. So here I am, and in these calls, it's going to be these calls are gonna be a lot of fun. We get to be creative in how we build them. Sometimes it'll be our Asian community members. Sometimes we can go outside to other MDS members, even outside of MDS for calls, and sometimes there'll be Q and A, suppose we'll have a topic, there'll be a presentation, but being on the call is a chance for you to soak in the energy, connect with other members, but also ask questions to whoever's participating, and then you can find insights that you can apply to your business. And I know sometimes in our businesses, it feels like we're alone because we're on a computer or slack. And especially if you're in the Asia region, you've kind of there's this big MDS and hear all this exciting stuff. This is a chance for us to come together once a month and learn and grow and share, and it can be very powerful. So I'm excited to introduce our first guest is none other than our beloved ivanong. Ivan, when did you join MDS?

Speaker  121429:20
I joined, yes, in I mean, 2018

Speaker  122805:20
2018 Ivan's been breaking my concept since 2018 I was in selling baby products, and I'm like, this is hard. There's Chinese companies. Margins are tighter. I'm going to pivot to a different niche. Then Ivan comes in. I think his first year did like 400k a month in revenue, and it's just been scaling ever since, and it's always a reminder to me of the Three Feet From Gold because of that expression. But you can water grass wherever you are if you have the right mindset, the right systems, right team. And so it's been fun watching Ivan grow he just at the MDS summit in Milan. He came to give a presentation and sharing just a lot of wisdom that he learned going from every stage and how much his business has changed from one level to the next to the next to the next. So how we're going to structure the call is, I'm going to ask some questions to Ivan. We're going to talk about his journey. If you have questions or there's something you want to know about, put it in the chat. We have a chat here part of the Zoom call, and then there'll be a portion of the call where I'm going to go in and just start reading questions, and then we'll just free flow from there. I haven't specifically wanted to keep this open ended so that we can really just cover the topics that everyone's interested in for this call and future calls, we put in the chat a link to the MDS app that there is a if you click it, these virtual events calendar, you will be notified of all events going on at MDs, including this call. And then you can always delete, apparently, you can delete the ones that you're not interested in, but that way you won't miss this call or others that you're interested in going forward. Cool. Alright, let's get started. Ivan, how did you find out about selling on Amazon? Tell us a little bit about your background. For those that don't know you,

Speaker  155482:39
my background is in affiliate marketing. So I've been doing affiliate marketing for a big part of my 20s. So I did like lead generations for companies. I did like pay per sale offers. I did pay per lead and then I was doing that for like, maybe eight years all over the world, in the US market, especially so, not not unfamiliar with the US market. And then I pivoted to doing like local businesses. I did events in my own country. So I started to do digital marketing for events and organize events for like, become an event organizer, and then, and then back. Then we got very tired, because in doing events, you need to burn a lot of weekends. You need to fly cities to cities a lot. So I was very sick of my lifestyle. And then I decided to pivot again. And that time 2017 e commerce was booming, so it was either the Drop Shipping world, the people who does drop shipping like those like nonsensical, no value adding products, or like you can sell on Amazon. So I spoke to friends doing both sides of the world, asking them about the different business model. And I decided, like Amazon is probably the longer term, more sustainable, more scalable, and like something that eventually I could build it to potentially sell it. So that was my initial thoughts when I decided to jump into Amazon. And then why we chose baby products is because seven years, eight years ago, me and my wife have the office baby and usually like, like, it's like the standard, why you started with baby brand, with our first baby, we were very confused about all the different baby products. My wife was very, got very interested in researching for baby products, and then obviously decided that maybe baby product would be the one that we want to kick start our product, our first product, yeah, and then why we come out of our brand is also very interesting. I didn't care babies back then. In 26 2017 I had a major accident, so I was paralyzed for I had a bicycle accident, so I was paralyzed for six, six months. I couldn't move, couldn't walk, and then my wife had to take care of our kid and all my baby. And then when I recovered, we went to New Zealand for a tour. And in New Zealand we saw this green parrot called a tear. I don't know many. Some of you in Australia probably know about this. This parrot called a tear, so it's apparently the worst, smartest Alpine parrot. And then we decided to call a brand of Kia babies. Yeah, that's how we started, wow.

Speaker  200229:20
And when you started, how did you decide which product to sell?

Speaker  202021:20
At that point in time, we were very into, like baby wearing, but in Singapore context, it's always the baby carrier that we use, like those structured carriers, the one with a lot of clips, and then just slot your baby in and they just keep them on the front. But then we research in the US market, apparently the baby Wrap was the one that was more popular in the US. It's the one that's like one big piece of cloth. And so that was our first product. So decided, Okay, so since we like to maybe wear our baby a lot, so baby wear baby red will be our first product. And then that's where we started. We went to Alibaba. We just do the usual stuff, get some supplier, get some quotations, and then, interestingly, because, like, for baby product, you need to have a baby model, you need to, like, take photo shoot with baby model. And we didn't, we didn't have the budget. So what we did was we took the suppliers, like the suppliers photo, and we started to do Photoshop, yeah, and then we were even sued by, we were even, we even got a copyright complaint from, like the now, the number two guy, it's called boba, Boba rep, so because we Photoshop, kind of Photoshop their images to into our listing images. So that was the back then, how we started. Wow.

Speaker  224992:00
And how long did it take you to hit around 100k in revenue a month?

Speaker  226000:00
100k revenue?

Speaker  226607:59
Yeah,

Speaker  226992:00
I think we kind of broke even in six months. So we started the product, and then in six months time, I mean, we were bleeding for six months, getting review, we were selling at like, break even, getting reviews, and then trying to try and run PPC, trying to do external traffic, trying to build out a list externally to at the time give away was a thing. So we was, we started doing giveaways. And then slowly, slowly, we got to see our reviews, bad reviews, here and there. And then we got like, oh, this has to be, got to be a company tech, you know, from the first bad review cotton. And then maybe probably took about six months for us to, like, finally see, like, our PNL start to from rate, and they start to become very even from our first product.

Speaker  239258:40
And okay, so you have this product. It's you and your wife. You're both just, just you two, working on the business. Is that correct? Or did you have other team members at that time? In the

Speaker  241840:00
beginning, we had one admin, admin goal that we got in from our events company, to come and help us with, like doing an administrative work, like creating labels, creating listings and all that stuff like uploading listings. And then we also hired a graphic designer from Philippines to help us to do Photoshop editing, product packaging design and stuff like that.

Speaker  248677:19
Yeah, in the line of your presentation, what was really interesting was how you changed as you hit different levels of your business. So when you got started, it was pretty lean. It was graphic design person, someone else probably helping you with customer service, you and your wife. And then when you were hitting the $1 million mark, how did things start to change with Hu What changed in your mindset of how you build your team, and how did your team start to change.

Speaker  256240:00
I think usually when you are starting out, you wearing multiple, multiple hats. So for me, how I split with my wife is my wife does the product stuff, the creative stuff, the branding, the content of the listings, because she's familiar with the baby customers in familiar with moms, the emotion attachment with moms. And then for me, I was doing the supply chain. I was doing the PPC. I was managing the cash flow finance and talking to suppliers. So I think that was how we started juggling and as what most people probably be doing. And then eventually we start to launch our third second product, third product, our fourth product. And then start, things start to get a little bit haywire, and that's where we started to slowly hire more people to offload the things that we feel is taking up too much of our time. And then, yeah, of course, in the beginning, when we start to hire we need people who are generalists, people who can do also wear multiple hats. They can probably do like listing management. They can do a little bit of shipping. They can talk a little bit to suppliers. They can help us to get samples of suppliers. They can probably do some social media posting and stuff like that. So in the beginning, it's all, it's all like, it's all like, very messy people wearing multiple hats, doing like you are. You are good if you can do like many, many things at one time by a few. As we progress along, as we start to grow our business, where we start to have more skills, then our team change from like being leading for leading generalists, people who can do multiple things to really specialists. Whereby people, these people that we hire, they are specialized in supply chain. They have been doing supply chain for five years, 10 years. People who have been doing digital marketing for five years, social media for probably two, three years. So they are like specialists that we need, and we hire them so that they can bring additional value, that they have experience in their own expertise, and bring it to bring it to our company.

Speaker  290624:00
When you hit the when you hit the 1 million mark, what was the most beneficial hires for you that you brought onto your team? What did you find really helped you when you got to that level?

Speaker  293616:00
Are they at 1 million, that was many years ago. I'm trying to recall who we had when we were at 1 million, probably the graphic designer one. I mean, probably still very lean at 1 million. Yeah, maybe a one person to do, like talking to suppliers and getting samples for us, I think, for asking quotations, talking about asking about mOqs, yeah, probably just that.

Speaker  301274:40
So then it was so just to fast forward for everyone on the call, what are last year or this year? What was your projected revenue for Kia babies

Speaker  304010:40
this year we are projected to do about us 100 million.

Speaker  305088:00
Okay,

Speaker  305344:00
so 90 people on our team.

Speaker  306272:00
So we're, yeah, 90 people. So where I'm trying to get out this journey is what evolved and changed in these different levels. Because in Milan, that's really what you're kind of going for. And I think that's very valuable. As people scale that certain your thought process changed, and the people you brought on and where you're focused on changed, so you were at a million so it's basically pretty much still just you going when you got to the 10 million mark, what changed then in your business

Speaker  314837:20
idea, 10 million mark. I mean, the most significant change that we did was, I think, two things we we invested in our own in house, ERP system. Back then, supply chain was a mess. We were ordering, especially that period was covid. So we were, like, scrambling for reordering our Google Sheet was very messy. The po system was not linking with our shipments. So when we create a shipment, it was the PO didn't like get reduced. So we were double stocking on our inventory. So I think there was one thing that we did, we invested to build our own ERP system. We hired someone to develop it for us and and then we hire our own in house developers to take over and start building from there. I think this is in order for us to scale with ease having more this because as a baby product, we have a lot of designs. We have a lot of sizes. We have about 2000 SKUs at this at this point. And having a ERP allows us to, like, have visibility over our inventory and how much to send for each countries that we sell in, because we also sell in, like, Canada, Europe, Australia, yeah. So we keep track of that. So that's one thing that we did. The other thing that we did is we, we also invested in branding, like rebranding. So we did a rebranding exercises. We use the one by Kos cost.com so they use this branding agency called TOEFL designs. It's a Malaysian company for interestingly, so we, we paid them a project for nine months to do rebranding, because at that point in time, our listings was very messy. Our messages was not Cohen with our customers. So like, customers who, like, for example, see product A, they may not be able to relate product B actually belongs to us unless they see our brand. So we wanted to change that. So we started this nine month project to do a brand rebranding exercise. So then they were asking us very, very tough questions, like, like, why are you doing this? For who is your customer? What do you want your customer to feel when they see your product? So they were drilling us a lot on all this kind of stuff, and then they gave us a brand book. It's like a Bible for the brand, like a 200 page PDF whereby everybody in the company has to then follow the Brand Book. But how we talk to our customers, the messaging, how we do our social media, how we do our product design, how we do our listing, how we do our packaging, the words that we should use, the tonality of how we talk to our customers, everything is standardized. So then we also went on to, like, took a painful one year to prevent our packaging, we went our listings, revamp everything to like suit the brand. Yeah, so I think that was the two things that we did, where we're at figures.

Speaker  365722:40
And in your opinion, when should a brand be focusing on that kind of thing? Is it good to do it earlier? Do you wish you did it earlier? Or do you think there is a hustle time where you can just look to scale, and then there's a certain point where it's important then to have a clear brand messaging and have a inventory system. At what point do you think it's necessary for a business to focus on?

Speaker  371200:00
I think that's a very good question. I think the beginning we we I think, I mean, we all know that, like Amazon business, you need a lot of cash flow and you need a capital to scale products. So I think in the beginning, when you are, when we are, when we were growing from one to 10 million, we were very focusing on, very much focus on launching products, launch your product, using our capital for launching more products, for dollar in our PPC, for making sure that we we have enough money in the bank. I think that was the initial phase and having money to pay our employees, it's only when we, like probably have some skill whereby we have save up some amount of capital. Then we decided that maybe now is the time that whereby we need to focus more on the brand, on the branding aspect of the of the of the business, in order for us to scale bigger. Yeah, because I feel going from one to 10 and like 10 to 100 probably is you need, like, a total different system, a different team, different mindset and different things. So these are the things that we do differently.

Speaker  391749:20
Would you say then, if someone just starting and they haven't hit eight figures yet, or they're just hitting they're in maybe low seven figure range, should they be focused on this whole brand cohesion, or is it just launch? Get more revenue, get more traction, hustle to get to a certain point. At what point do you think it's like? Do you wish you did that earlier? Would that have helped you get to eight figures faster? Or do you think it can be a distraction?

Speaker  398714:40
I think it can be a distraction because, like, if you start doing all these things too early. It may, it may hinder your growth, and because at the time, maybe you probably don't have the right team to execute the stuff for you as well. So you may be spending a lot of time to to do the things that that may not contribute to your growth in the beginning. So I think for when you are like on a single, millions kind of area, I think focusing is very important. And I will focus on improving existing products and also launching new products. And those you know as E commerce owner, there's so many things we can do. There's Shopify, there's Tiktok shop, there's, like so many, there's Walmart, there's retail. There's so many, so many things that we can do. But I think when in the beginning, I think focus is important to in order for us to grow our business. And I think from one to 10 million, just Amazon alone is good enough. I mean, you can get you can get it from one to 10. Just focus on Amazon. Maybe do a little bit of external traffic, but just Amazon is, is big enough for us to go to one, for everyone to go to one to 10.

Speaker  419968:00
And when? So you when you're at the eight figure mark, when was the next big milestone for you, where you're like, okay, my business has to change in order for me to I think

Speaker  422949:20
from 10 to 5010, to 50 is a huge jump. Is it's like a totally different mindset that you have to undergo. But once you break through that 50 and then 50 to 100. So from one, from 10 to 50, we took we took five years. So from 10, I mean, sorry, from 10 to 15 million, we took five years. But from 50 to 100, we took two years. So I did, like,

Speaker  430954:40
what changed? Like, what happened when you went from 10 to 50? How did your company change? How did you change?

Speaker  432912:00
I think the entire team has changed, like, like, I think initially I say from generalist. Now we need specialists from like, from like, very messy SOPs. Now we need like, proper SOPs. Really good managers that can lead their own teams and be setting KPIs for them to hit and making sure the entire company is aligned. I think at 10 million, we probably have about 20 people, 20 plus people. Yeah, so and hiring managers that can manage their own team is critical and for us to scale as well, because you can't have so many direct reports people are answering to you, because you take us much effort.

Speaker  446874:40
What levers did you pull in the business to go from 10 to 50? Was it you mentioned one to 10 just Amazon. Is it off of Amazon? Then that got you 10 to 50.

Speaker  449424:00
No 10 to 50. I actually, in fact, now in our scale, like any 85% of our business is still on Amazon. So we are still very Amazon focused, very Amazon reliant. But I think what has changed from 10 to 50 is really building the teams by building up really good people to do and having specialists to handle the departments for you. And I think this one is, is the is the is the hardest part and the most boring part, but it's so crucial for us to in order for us to eventually scale so focusing on the system, the processes and the team, good managers, good leaders that can help you to, like, leverage your your time and efforts. Like by many, many folks

Speaker  464298:40
during this time were you launching a lot of products, like a lot more new How did your SKUs change from 10 million to 15 million?

Speaker  466927:59
We always approach this way. This Amazon business in a two prong, two prong approach. One is to constantly improve existing business, existing products, because we don't shy away from competitive products. We often take on products that has got huge, huge, huge volume, huge demand, and, like China, dominated like categories, you know, like, you know, like stuff that probably most people wouldn't want to go in. But we we don't shy away from them, because we know these are the big markets. These are the ones that will allow to scale. I mean, we always, we always like, find those small, small products, then we it's very hard to scale, and the mindset to tackling like very competitive product is not to win in the first year. So we know that in the first product in the competitive market, it can take many, many years for us to to slowly gain market share and slowly climb up the category leader. And so there are some products that we take. We took four years to get the best sellers from. Yeah, it took us four years. So we are constantly trying to improve our existing product, adding variations, adding coming up with new design, improving our product, constantly doing that and slowly climbing up the category leader. Because you know when you are, when you are, when you are new, and your review is so little and you suddenly goes up the category, that you will become an eyesore to competitors. Yeah, you probably the competitor. Look at you. If you have 100 reviews, and then you're like, thank you so much sales. That's when you become ISO. But if you do it slowly, steadily, and like, climbing a little bit a little bit slowly, slowly, and then suddenly you appear at the top, and then you already have like, a like a couple 1000 reviews, then that's where they probably cannot touch you as much. Yeah, so that's that's our approach to, like, hyper competitive market.

Speaker  498992:00
When you enter into a hyper competitive market, besides improving a product, are you doing any other marketing to try to get market share? Are you doing, like, really aggressive sponsored products. Are you running external traffic? Are you doing, like rebates to get better keyword ranking? What type of things are you doing

Speaker  504277:20
now we don't, but now we if we know that a product takes very long for us to win, we we we know that we cannot be losing money, because if you keep losing, we only always on the negative PNL for this product, then this product will eventually, like, you know, sustain. So we always, we do a we do a pre launch, we do a launch. In the beginning, we get to maybe, like 2030, sales and a loss, and then we aim for break even. We aim for break even. We don't need to earn money, but we slowly accumulate the reviews. We slowly do a lot of AB testing. We are always trying to do title test, image test, and, you know, nice experiment stuff, yeah, and try to dial in on like PPC and gradual, like a slow process, yeah?

Speaker  518821:20
So when, yes, when you're doing this, you wanna so including PPC. You want this to be break even, and then you can just let it ride for however long it takes for you to build market share.

Speaker  521877:20
Exactly, yes, yeah. Because if you constantly losing money, then you probably won't last very long, but if you are really you're not losing money, then, I mean, it's fine, right? You can just keep going and going and going and slowly improve and slowly get a review and stuff

Speaker  526010:40
like that, and then you just become a market leader, because your product's better

Speaker  527258:40
over time. Yeah, yeah, we do. We also do like, a bit of public relations. We do PR we do social media, yeah, but not, not, not crazy over that, but we have agencies that help us with like, like, like featuring our products, or like, like, parenting articles, news content sites, and also like getting like influencers to promote our product here. And then, yeah, when

Speaker  535749:20
did you start working on the PR? What level of your business did you start doing that?

Speaker  537893:20
I think we started very early, maybe, like 5 million. We really we have started maybe year two. We have started doing that because we pay them on like a retainer basis. So it's like ours is cost about 3000 a month. And then they just, they just do the deliverables for us. So you can form of like influencers featuring our products. It can be a form of like bloggers talking about product, or YouTubers, it can be a feature on like those parenting sites and stuff like that.

Speaker  546671:59
So you got to the 50 million mark, and then you jumped to 100 million in two years. What were your biggest shifts that happened then? Was it hiring certain people? Was it focusing on certain different aspects of the business? What was how were you able to get to that level?

Speaker  552053:19
I think when we were 50, I think the system is more or less set up. The processes the team already know what to do. The product pipeline is already in place. The I mean, the graphic, the graphics team really know, like, what they need to do to continue to optimize the listing. Teams know what to do to continue to split test our title. And then it's kind of like, it's kind of like, like a automated machine running, you know, like the products just comes, and then the test just keep going. The PPC teams continue to optimize the way they will optimize, yeah, on the like, on like a scale, on like a bigger scale. So we have, like, we have about, like 100 products. So these 100 products are all being optimized at the same time.

Speaker  565519:59
So you'd, you'd say, then the transfer so zero to 10, it's basically you and your wife and that kind of stuff, like a few people, 10 to 50. You really built the the play, basically your SOPs, your team members, developing them. 50 to 100 is just letting that machine keep running like that. You built 10 to 50.

Speaker  571226:39
Yeah. And always ask our team members, ask our managers and our leaders whether the current processes that they have is it is scalable. So let's say next year we double SKUs. Can your system keep up with can your current processes keep up with doubling the SKU if it's not, then you got to keep improving it. We got to keep thinking about automations. You got to keep thinking about systems and how to automate stuff and how to make things easier and stuff like that. Yeah, and because we have our own account developers, so we actually could build a lot of automations around the current processes that we have. Wow.

Speaker  582661:20
We're going to jump in soon to the questions that I see people are asking from our group. But I want to know also, it seems like you've had this ride. It's just been pretty good sailing. Oh, yeah. Zero to a million, a million to 1010, to 51, to skip a few, we're at 100 was there a time in your business where you wanted to give up?

Speaker  588346:40
I think many, many times you feel that this Amazon is probably not for me. I think dealing with people is one of the toughest thing. Like building, building, building a team is, you know, like, there's so many people, so many ideas, so many stuff like that, and aligning the team to a common goal, I think there was, there was very tough for us. So, like, we spend a lot of time to constantly remind, constantly align, constantly tell our team members to not do this, not do that. So, yeah, and then the cash flow issues. We also experienced, like, cash flow issues, very, very crazily during covid, whereby we, we were so overstocked for q4 that we, paid like half a million dollars for Amazon storage. So that's crazy. So that that whole q4 we we probably didn't earn anything, yeah, we probably lost a little bit of money because of the q4 storage fees. So there are some of the like crazy mistakes that we have done, yeah, stuff like that, yeah. I mean, so many times, so many times whereby we feel that, I personally feel that maybe Amazon's not for me, you know, like the like in January, when we were also, like, we were hacked when our call, yeah, I also thought that maybe Amazon's not for me.

Speaker  613919:59
Well, if you feel Yeah, if you feel that way, I think everyone then can feel that way.

Speaker  615365:19
Yeah, there are these dots constantly. Come on by. I realized all these things are just our own imagination. You are just, we are just imagining things that probably didn't happen or probably may not happen when

Speaker  619317:20
you're building this. So one of the questions here is, how was it navigating business with your wife? Some people I know for myself, my wife and I, when we started our baby brand, first thing I sold on Amazon, I realized very early on, my wife and I are great family partners, but we wouldn't make good or do we don't make good business partners? Seems you've had a different experience. So how was it navigating everything with your wife, and how was that for balancing your relationship with your wife with family life?

Speaker  627888:00
I think for for for me and my wife, it's more important to do the thing that she likes than to do the thing that I like, because I think I feel she is like more Passion Driven. She's like a more passionate, Passion Driven person. So she was very passionate about baby products. So for me, I can sell anything. I can be in any niche. Because what I like is like growing a business, scaling a business, operation, stuff, finance, the business aspect. But she, she probably like only, only, will only be interested in doing things that she's very passionate about. So if, if you were to do like a sports brand, I didn't, probably we will have more many issues, but it's like a baby brand that she was already very passionate about, and she is so that, I think that make, kind of makes things easier for in the in the beginning, for us, and I think me and her, we are like kind of more different personalities whereby, you know, like the guy who always does the more data driven stuff, the finance stuff. We, actually, we, she has no interest. So she doesn't care about the finance. She doesn't care about the supply chain. It does. You don't really know of anything about like Operation stuff. But when it comes to like baby products, content, branding, that that she's the she's, like, fully immersed into into this, like baby products, reading customer reviews to improve products. I think this is what she loves doing, and this how she's driven by so I think the company for us, we we speak our roles very, very clearly. So these departments that I have the we have the ultimate. I have the ultimate. I mean, we can discuss about things. So for example, you see how my a course is very lousy. She can complain about my a course and compare my PPC strategy is very lousy. But I know a day I decide how I want to drive this. So like, for example, she does a baby product that I feel the design is very lousy, it's very stupid, it's very ugly, but end of the day, she has the final say of how the product should will be, and we have to respect that. We have to respect the boundary, otherwise going to be chaos. Yeah. And yeah, I think, I think Jeff Bezos, we also learned about the study a lot by Amazon. Jeff Bezos, so he talked about this thing called you disagree by commit. I think there are this principle called disagree, but commit. You can Google about that, I think, and I think we practice that a lot in our relationship, juggling relationship and the business together.

Speaker  672634:40
Wait, you said you could grow anything business wise. Would you say then it was a superpower to have your wife who was super passionate then, so she provided the passion, and then you could just make the numbers work in the systems, but for yourself,

Speaker  675904:00
yeah, that's how we do it right now, if, if she doesn't, yeah. So that's kind of how we operate right now. So I could, I'm more interested in the business aspect, she's more interested in the product, the customer, the branding side. So I think we kind of complement each other. Because, you know, I know people that are very passionate about product, but they know nothing about business. And I know people that are very for a regular business, but they know nothing about, like, product and customers and branding and stuff like that.

Speaker  684250:40
Yeah. How important. Good.

Speaker  685178:40
So kind of, really, I think, kind of, like, we need two very different people when we run a e commerce brand. So I think, I think having the right partner and in your business also, I think it's, it's important, it's important for you to, for us to have a brand that can be at scale and stuff like that, and have people that manages different aspect of business with you, yeah.

Speaker  692063:59
How you right now, how important is non US to your business like, do you sell in other marketplaces?

Speaker  693893:19
New Canada, Europe,

Speaker  694661:20
Canada Europe, Australia, Middle East, a little bit. Yeah, that's about it, but it's about 15% of our business comes from non US.

Speaker  697749:20
15% of your Amazon is non us.

Speaker  698501:20
Well, 15% of our entire business is non US,

Speaker  699450:40
okay?

Speaker  699722:40
And the 85% is Amazon us.

Speaker  700826:39
No, not just Amazon us. We also do like B to B. We also do you do a little bit of like other marketplace, like Target, Walmart, Nordstrom, Macy's, and stuff like that.

Speaker  705424:00
Yeah, you seemed that in your story of how you're growing, you you pick a certain lane, and you really just focus on it, and you grow in that certain lane right now, the hot thing is marketing products on Tiktok, whether it's through Tiktok shop or even just Tiktok to spill over to Amazon. Why haven't you yet focused on Tiktok is one of the questions in this chat.

Speaker  712853:19
I think the beginning, beginning portion of the year, we wanted to also dive into DTC. So we wanted to, like, be a D to C brand, you know, like, run fancy food ads and stuff like that. So we were trying to our strategy was tuned into being a D to C brand and also Amazon brand. And we found a strategy to be very conflicting, because of like, because we on Amazon, we sell, like, basic products, like baby towel that is white color we sell like white pillows, but on white pillows, doing it on on Facebook is kind of different. And our AOV is very low, our order, average value, average price, about $20 and doing that on Facebook is very is not feasible, because we can't make it profitable. So we were trying to do that. And then we were, we came up with like, you know, like on Facebook, you need like limited editions. You need the limited drops prints into the high PYP stuff. So we created like Limited Edition designs, you know, like Halloween design and stuff like that. Or to make sure, to make like our UGC video more interesting, but when we launch on Amazon, nobody really cares, because the only one like basic colors. So we were doing this for a while, and then we decided that, also on the on the on the rebranding, we kind of agree that we are a marketplace brand. So we don't want to be like we are not like a D to C brand, but we just want to focus on scaling on marketplaces that's where customers they go in. They just want, like, basic stuff. They want, like the everyday, essential. They want something that's not too pricey. They want something quality, but good, affordable. And so we decided that this is what we are, and let's not try to be something that we are not.

Speaker  742405:20
I think that's a big nugget. Is deciding who you are and then staying true to that, it can get very distracting,

Speaker  744613:20
yeah, because there's so many things you can do, you know, like a lot of noise and stuff like that, but knowing who we are and who we serve and where we who our customers are. I think that's important

Speaker  748170:39
in all your stages, that you are growing. Which stage was the most stressful time consuming? Was it the 10 to 50? Was it 50 101? To 10? Which was the hardest stage?

Speaker  750922:40
I think one to 10. You spend a lot of time doing the operation. You need to be on the ground. You need to be in the weeds, doing creating and solving issues, and doing the BPC myself, uploading bulk file myself, and resolving listing issues on our on our own. That was one to 10, and then 10 to 50 was more of teaching our leaders to be able to do that, and guiding them and getting them teaching more of coaching, I would say, more coaching, mentoring or team to build up their own SOP, to build their own system and show them how to solve issues so that they can replicate The process on their own after that together that team and also showing them like so I wish we we always, I know in our company, we talk about this thing called a servant leader. So we are, we are. We are leader that always want to serve our team members. We are ready to serve. So any question you can come to us. We will coach you. We will guide you to to do the things that we can do. Yeah, I think there was, there was a 10 to 50. And then right now, 5200 I feel the right now. A lot of things that I do now is about alignment of my leaders, making sure that they this. They are all. Everybody is aligned to our common direction, and the expectation is there. The pace is also like on point, not not like once someone is too fast, someone is too slow, and making good decisions every day, making sure that the decision that I made, that I make on a day to day basis. I mean, if it's if it's a mistake, then at least it's not a too bad mistake, but if it's good one, then we can potentially, like, help us to grow even more. Yeah, because I learned it through the hard way, like some decision that I made, something that I say, then the entire team and the entire company has to do it, my decision. So if it's a wrong decision, and the company can spend, like, maybe one month, two months, like doing doing things that with no results, yeah. So I think I learned it the hard way, like I made some stupid, stupid decision. The whole company does it at the end of two months, there's nothing. And then we got even more messy. We got everyone got confused, everyone got like, lost and demotivated and stuff like that. So, so then I realized that everything that I say is very important, everything I decide is very important, and I got to make good decisions every day.

Speaker  796314:39
Is that something that weighs on you right now? Do you feel pressure from that?

Speaker  797562:40
So I kind of have, like, a decision making matrix of how I how I make decision, vis a decision is, I mean, you can learn this from ION Maggs, from Jeff Bezos, if a decision is is a reversible and it's not deadly, then you can go ahead and do it, and I will tend to make that decision fast. But if it's like a, if it's like a decision that potentially can inflict very, huge damage, and then those kind of higher risk decision you are to think properly and get opinions and get feedbacks and making sure that the team is aligned with you before you make the decision. So there are some some decisions that are easy, some decisions that are harder to make

Speaker  810869:20
when you were scaling towards 10 million, who are the key specialists that you hired that really helped

Speaker  813162:40
scaling to 10 million,

Speaker  813610:40
yeah, when you want going to the eight figure mark, you mentioned about needing to hire some specialists. Who were they?

Speaker  816730:39
Uh, maybe was getting 10 million. I think the two most important person that I will hire, if I were to do it again, will be my sourcing manager, the person that does the communication with China suppliers, factories and everything. Because I think the manager that I have. She's from China. She was from China. She's a Shanghainese, but she's living in Singapore, so and that help us to bridge the communication between us and the supplier, like so much. Then the second guy that I will hire would be my supply chain guy, because supply chain, if you do it wrongly, it can be very costly. The mistakes are of overstock or understock are very, very costly. So we really want to dial in and make sure the entire supply chain, the cash flow conversion cycle, it's Darwin. And I think in supply chain, there's so many calls that we are blind to, like storage costs and stuff like that, where we are, we don't know that we are worth spending or that can be optimized. And I think having a specialist that can do this will help you to save so much money, so open up, free up so much cash flow that you can use to scale your business and launch more

Speaker  838797:19
products do you recommend if someone's at like a six $7 million business that they get it a logistic supply

Speaker  840544:00
chain manager, or an ER. Know, business, I don't there's not a lot of SKUs. There's probably no need. But it's like us, whereby we have a lot of SKUs, a lot of designs, and we are selling many, many countries, and every country is like, there's a different sales velocity to every individual SKUs. You really don't want to mess that up, because, like, right now with Amazon, even more fees, stuff like that. So the stakes are even higher. If you have unoptimized supply chain by your if your business only have like, 10 SKUs that

Speaker  850522:40
you probably don't need, like a specialist, or we can manage on yourself on Google Sheets, stuff like, what number, what number of SKUs did you have?

Speaker  852650:41
Where you're like, oh my gosh, we need, we need a better system. Google Sheets ain't working. How many was that? I think we are hitting, like two, 300 SKUs. That's probably really screws things. Screw things up, and things really get messy. We start to scale to other countries. I think they open up another, like, kind of worms, whereby you need to manage investor inventory and making sure you don't oversell, or you don't understand to Canada or Australia or to Europe for the

Speaker  860517:21
same SKUs. Yeah. Then, then that really gets really complicated.

Speaker  862261:20
Yeah, two or 300 I was thinking it was gonna be earlier than

Speaker  863045:21
that. Two to 300 sounds already sounds complicated in a Google show, maybe earlier, maybe like 100% right now in so especially going 50

Speaker  866538:41
to 100 but like you're you have these products. How do you now with your teams? How do you systematically launch the products? So, yeah, I didn't just want to go back to her previous point? Yeah, I think the thing when we were, when we were doing supply chain, I was the one. I was the guy doing it. And a lot of times I do it based on intuition. I do it based on, like, oh, I kind of roughly know this, like, this SKU, how much does it sell, and how many we should be ordering. So it's a lot like experience and intuition. But as you scale more and more SKUs, it really gets complicated, and you really need to rely on like data to to drive the entire system. So right now, in a company, now, we drive everything based on like data. So there's no like I feel or you feel, or she feels, or whatever data back decision is what we are driving forward for in everything that we do, in terms of supply chain, product selection, in terms of like designs, in terms of AB testing,

Speaker  884922:41
everything has to be backed by data.

Speaker  886096:00
Otherwise, it's just nonsense. I feel this is the right way. You won't

Speaker  888431:59
even listen to that because, you know, I feel is, anybody can feel anything

Speaker  889791:59
well, does your wife struggle with that. When you're like, she's like, I feel this is a good design. And then you're like, Nah, data says it sucks, right? Now, we are moving more and more. I mean, usually it was like that, but more towards like, data, back data. But even design like we use like three MVS. I'm not sure if you know about it. Let me type it. What is it? So it's like a, it's like, kind of like a visualization tool whereby they tell you, based on the image, how would a customer or a person view the image from an eyeball point of view? That's three. MVD can Google that three. And so we use that to even do our design, our product listings, to come up with, like

Speaker  902640:00
listing images that it gives us the best results.

Speaker  904080:00
Are there any other big AI automation tools that you're using that you find are very helpful in your business? Are there a lot of it's like the the graphic stuff and the content creation for social media. I think we mainly use

Speaker  908677:20
AI for the

Speaker  909189:20
these two areas. Now that's when we use the biggest part of our AI to like, for example, you know, new texture can be pretty hard to because, of course, we do a lot of fabric and fabric texture is very hard to

Speaker  912794:40
like. Sometimes be taken or be Photoshop.

Speaker  913546:40
And AI can do that like very nicely. Yeah, darling on that. I think we just did a meeting with our team whereby everyone in the team has to, has to present what they are doing with AI the different departments, like how supply chain is using AI, how the PPC team is using AI, our finance team is using AI in our processes, more like a learning and sharing thing that we do to encourage and kind of force people to use AI and integrate AI into their work processes. Yeah, because if you don't force them, then, you know, some people are like they are. They kind of have some

Speaker  925557:21
resistance to it. But if there's a if you are forced to do it, you need to present it, then you have no choice. How we only have a couple minutes left, but I want to just this was in the chat. I think it's interesting. Let's say you're going to launch products. Now, if there's a way to do it just quickly, what's your process? Now if,

Speaker  931082:41
let's say you have a product

Speaker  931386:41
manufactured, you have the design, but how are you now bringing this product to market? Give me more like a product. How do we launch product now?

Speaker  934112:00
Yeah, you mean from the design aspect or from the No,

Speaker  935808:00
yeah, I think, yeah,

Speaker  936160:01
Amazon, PPC, when you're bringing these products now to market, what are you focusing on? I think launch also has changed a lot over the years, and now we are we a launch for us can take six months, so like I say, we rather do it slow and steady, accumulate reviews, slowly climb up the the category rank, and we don't really track keyword rank, because we realize that sometimes when you are ranked, even you are ranked high for certain keyword, you don't get organic sales. I'm sure a lot of you also experience that, like you are ranked low, they are running like number one, some keywords, but you don't get organic sales. So now our launch, we do. We do 100% PPC now we focus on organic sales. So we set a budget for our team how much we are willing to lose in order to gain X amount of numbers of organic sales in the beginning. So like, for example, we reference our top competitor. Maybe they are doing like 100 sales. So we will say, okay, maybe this product. We will aim for 20 organic sales in the beginning, and then the amount we will set, and then they will track based on organic sales. So we'll do the MKL, we'll do the sqp, we'll do the auto campaigns, and then we will track. We don't care about how many sales we get total, but we really care about how many organic sales we get. And slowly you will climb to

Speaker  962186:39
basically try to gain more organic organic sales within the fixed budget. So when by organic sales you mean non PPC sales. Is that correct non TPC services? You track it on a key you can't track it on a keyword level, so you're just looking at your total organic sales. Is it going up? That's basically what you're tracking in your launch.

Speaker  967952:00
Yeah, and you don't care about the keyword ranking. You're just looking Do you check your subcategory ranking? Though, we subcategor ranking is just like a measurement of how far, how far more we can go. But then, like organic ranking, organic sales is all we are tracking now, and because when we launch right, we we are losing money. We have a budget to lose to hit a certain amount of organic sales. And when we hit that, and then our PPC will tune in to become very even when we can't be losing money all the way, right, once we hit the organic organic target, we will start to drop our PPC. So when we drop our PPC to not lose money, at least our organic sales will be there to sustain a certain level of sales and ranking for the key for that product. Otherwise, sometimes, you know, you may launch, like, maybe you have, like, a very high percentage of sales coming from PPC the moment you the moment you cut your PPC budget, because you are losing money. And then that's when your sales start to tank. Your key rankings have to tank. You're getting start to tank. And every start to start to start to go downhill, and then you say, Oh, my product launches is a field product. So we aim by organic sales to hit a certain level so that that becomes

Speaker  989909:21
our base. So when we doubt, when we turn down, PPC, at least we have our base to support that product. When do you know is a good time to start like, When? When is it? When should you Is there ever time you

Speaker  993178:40
just have to give up on a product because it's not

Speaker  993754:41
hitting the organic sales? How long are you willing to lose money for? I think if a product review is not good, then there's probably one killer that you have to you know, the product quality has some issues, and the more you sell, the more the product review is going to go down. I think this kind of product, you have to kill it, and there's no point in trying to contain the

Speaker  999440:01
product, because the more you sell, the more the rating will go down.

Speaker  1000656:00
I think the other kind is we burst our we burst our initial budget and we are nowhere near our organic target. It happens sometimes, like maybe we start like 30 units organic daily target, but we burst through our budget and we are near like eight or like five. You know, the kind of product, like conversion really sucks. No matter what we do, we can't get a conversion now, even we sell a break even. We also can't get a convergence just starts. Then probably this kind of product, we may not have Darwin to what

Speaker  1010154:41
the customer is looking for, and we will also, like,

Speaker  1011290:40
cut this kind of product off. Okay, where are a couple minutes past I think there's just so much we could ask you, from how you run your teams, how you scale your business, your mindset, your story, how you launch. We may have to do another segment someday. Ivan, but one question that was in the chat I found interesting to kind of end with is, do you plan on selling this business, or is this like

Speaker  1018016:01
a Forever Business? You're just going to look to keep growing and growing. Do you guys have that plan? I think right now, we are just, we have no intention to sell, but we are actively, I mean, also we drawing out money to make our I think I learned it from, I think from Paul or something like that, like start to draw money to make a make your life comfortable, such that the business becomes like, you know, even if it grows bigger, even if it doesn't really matter, that kind of we're trying to reach that kind of level whereby it becomes more like a challenge than more like a game, more like a fun thing to do than having to worry about, like, finances and stuff like that. And I because I have done like M and A's in my previous experience, I've also listed a company on the Australian Stock Exchange, so I never wanted to go there, answering to shareholders, answering to partners that don't really care about about you, probably care about the numbers and doing things that you know you probably not good in the long run, but for the short term, you can do it. Yeah, so these are probably things that we will not want to go back again and do that. So right now, it's happy with it. We can contain the pains. We can do whatever we want. We feel like working with work. We don't feel like working. We just

Speaker  1040618:41
rest for the day. So it's more like, more like building the more like a lifestyle business right now,

Speaker  1042890:40
$100 million lifestyle business. I mean, right now, the team is automated. Everything is, yeah, I need to only go to office like twice a week right now, to do meetings, to do alignments, but and then

Speaker  1046400:00
the team in running it is, it's kind of, I mean, it's kind of good. Life is kind of good right now. Fantastic, great. This is a lot of fun. Ivan, thank you for sharing. I hope that people got value. I try to my best to go through the questions everyone had. If you have ideas for this call, feel free. You can always reach out to me. You can send me a message on Facebook Messenger. It's probably the easiest, but also we have this virtual event and feedback in the chat. Go ahead and click. Give feedback. What's working this is our first time doing this. So we're going to build as we go, but I think there's going to be a lot of fun for us to gain information and come closer as a community.

Speaker  1057994:40
So with that, Ivan, thanks for coming on, man, sharing your wisdom. Hopefully there was some

Speaker  1059434:40
great value that you guys take away from my sharing.

Speaker  1060794:40
What's fun making up? Yeah, I'm making a bumper stair, like a T shirt.

Speaker  1061936:01
It's like, backed by data, or else it's nonsense or something like that.

Speaker  1063472:00
My wife's gonna come up to me, Jonathan, I feel like, Hey, bring me the data, or you're just talking nonsense, honey.

Speaker  1066159:59
Cool. All right, everyone, have awesome day, and we'll send information for the next call. Thanks. Ivan, thanks. Jonathan, thanks guys, thanks everyone. Thank you so much.
