MDS Retail Channel Call
Date: July 28, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Here. Hey, hello again.

Speaker  2016:00
Just, just want to check the calendar, but then to make sure. Hello, Filip.

Speaker  3264:00
Hey, I just came in here to say that I'm sorry I can't join you this week because I have another about five. So hopefully I can see you next month. I'll watch the recordings. Cool.

Speaker  6661:20
Are you? Are you with us for the next ski trip in Jan? Filip,

Speaker  7909:20
in January? No, I'm not coming to Milan either. Chris is. My partner is taking care of that. So,

Speaker  9717:20
okay, but you're, you're in Asia in general, I'm

Speaker  10517:20
in Stockholm, yeah, but

Speaker  11050:40
you won't be able to join for the for this key.

Speaker  12106:40
I'm not skiing Well,

Speaker  12954:40
guys, I've done that before.

Speaker  13658:40
All right. Well, it was good to see you

Speaker  14442:40
later. Okay, cool. Thank you, Filip.

Speaker  16170:40
Just want to check the next the next call is on the 18th of August, right? Belen,

Speaker  18512:00
it is, yes,

Speaker  18832:00
okay, that's a great day because it's my birthday.

Speaker  19936:00
Really good. All right, it's yeah,

Speaker  22085:20
let's see how many people we have today on the call.

Speaker  22853:20
Yes, hello, yes. Sis in the in the invite. So hopefully you get some more people.

Speaker  25861:20
Can Belen, can you make me an admin please? So I can ask people to turn their camera on.

Speaker  28058:40
I'm just getting awake and gonna brush my teeth and I'll be on all right, you.

Speaker  33600:00
All right, let's, let's give two more minutes for people to arrive. It's going to be a small crew today, I guess.

Speaker  37728:00
Okay,

Speaker  40661:20
Jean, if you can send another email to this group, that would be great to tell them that we're live. Just say hey, we're live. This is a link, sure. Hello, Arik, welcome here.

Speaker  45578:40
Hey. How's it going? Good?

Speaker  46026:40
Is it the first time you come to this retail call? A

Speaker  46922:40
retail call? Yes.

Speaker  47306:40
All right, great. So the concepts saying that to Brian, but I think Brian came already. The concept of this call is really like a round table. Everyone is sharing, putting the camera on when they finished, brushing their teeth and and sharing what what they're going through in terms of retail. And we're trying to help each other. So it's not a lecture. There's no guru talk and pupils, so it's really peer to peer conversation. So if you want, you can just tell us where you're at in retail, or if you're just starting, or if you're already quite advanced, and then we can start from

Speaker  57861:20
there. Yeah, appreciate it, and I do apologize in advance that I'll be dropping off at 830 Sorry, I'm on Pacific time. So yeah, my name is Arik, based out of New York, running a brand called opportunities. It's a supplements brand, Amazon native. And we're approaching, you know, $5 million in sales this year. And we have a really interesting position. We've been on Amazon since 2017 and I think it's a product that I think needs to be in retail like I think, I think, you know, in some ways, I would say so, to satisfy where we are, we've had conversations with different wholesalers to potentially place, like in small health shops, etc, right? But given our consistent growth in Amazon, we've always focused on having enough inventory on Amazon and growing there, but we're kind of pushing a fork in a road. Where do we want to go down the route of spending additional dollars in what I would say is off Amazon Marketing, right? Like Google, Facebook, Google, meta, you know, Tiktok efforts. Or do we go and say the right thing for us is actually trying to break into retail first and then go down that route? Right? I think too many people are trying to go the other route of going to meta, Google in front of people Tiktok get viral and shop. I don't think our products necessarily. I would do amazing in that channel. Like, I think it's like, we sell whey protein, we sell kidney detox, like we've done experiments before. But I do think we have a place in a certain like brand angle, to be at a Whole Foods, for example, when it compares to the competition. So would just love to learn about how to approach this. I have, like, zero global experience in trying to go to retail outside of companies like range me and, you know, other people reaching out to us with little success. I would say,

Speaker  96154:40
Yeah, have you? Have you visited already trade shows or this supplement event? I know that MDS has a mastermind for when is it? Belen? You know, it's in September or October, I guess, I guess,

Speaker  101184:00
let me check

Speaker  101712:00
to answer your question, no, I know that's that's an option, right, but I mean a fact, there is a blueprint, right, how to get into it, right? And I'm just trying to, sort of like, I'm starting to explore what that blueprint is, right? If the blueprint is going to close conferences, getting the table, whatever, x, y and z, then, great, we'll, we'll actually consider putting those dollars right towards that, as opposed to, hey, we go, should spend like $30,000 on meta ads, right to drive traffic and to Shopify sales, etc. So, yeah, I'd love to understand, like, what the blueprint is from your guys's experience. True.

Speaker  114512:00
Hey, Brian, Hey Jason, welcome. Here is it, is it, guys, the first time you're you're on the retail call?

Speaker  117136:00
Yeah, I think it's the first time for me.

Speaker  117749:20
Okay, sure. So you got, you got it right? It's a round table. Everyone shares where they're at, and jump on each other situation when you think you can add value and and we, we do it from here. We can take an hour. We can take less, depending on the topics, depending on how many people are on the call,

Speaker  122581:20
cool, cool. Yeah, I can share a little so I started a brand called treat a tub. It's a natural skincare brand. Right now we've, we're doing roughly 35% of our sales on Amazon, so we've kind of diversified off of it, and online retail has been a big part of our strategy. I heard, is a growing channel for us, and it's interesting, we're doing well in some regions I wouldn't expect, including like Saudi Arabia and Israel. We're also just starting to work with a distributor called pods, and they're taking some of our product to sprouts. It's a sort of a premium natural grocer in the US. Seems to be a good brand fit for us. We'll see, I don't know, this kind of like we shared before. We're kind of just accepting inbound requests for partnerships, and we don't really have a solid strategy for identifying opportunities. I feel like I looked at it and it's like, oh, we probably ran out of the top opportunities, and then next month, it's like, okay, we contact them. Okay, it seems interesting. So we're gonna have a cohesive strategy for like, research and outreach and stuff. So we're just mostly inbound right now, we are seeing that retail could be a really big opportunity. We're seeing also difficult to find continued success on places like Amazon. We're getting kind of priced out by competitors, and we want to offer something premium. So yeah, that's where we're at.

Speaker  149088:00
And do you have already a way to different to have different products for different channels, or is it an option, at least in your assortments, different

Speaker  151221:20
products for different channels? Yeah, we have been asked to grant product exclusivity for certain, certain retailers. For us, what we've come back with was to say, hey, we don't feel like we want to eliminate or kind of take existing products and stop sales from existing channels, but I'm happy to work with your innovation specialists to identify white space opportunities in your specific market for your specific customers. We can build something customized for you. Do Yeah,

Speaker  160976:00
and you said that, you said the distributor your pods you're working with is specialized in in skincare overall, or beauty, or they do,

Speaker  163760:00
yeah, I'm not sure about that. I don't know. I don't think they've mentioned that. So they probably do a range of products, and they work with different retailers. It's just that sprouts seem to be the opportunity that made sense for them given their knowledge about our brand.

Speaker  169573:20
Jason, you want to drop a line on where you're at with with retail and your business?

Speaker  170789:20
Sure, absolutely. I have a supplement brand called omnibiotics, and it's very funny. I'm happy that Brian went before me, because I'm basically doing the exact same thing. I'm being pitched by pod to sprouts. They contacted me, said my brand would be a good fit, and the part the stage of the game we're at right now. I don't know Brian, if you worked with Cindy, Cindy wise, that's who we're working with. She's the kind of head held honcho onboarding whatever, assuming you have you've talked with her with the cowboy hat, she kind of let us know that, like, it was basically their 80% fee. That was kind of it, right? The 18% fee was what they took. And that seemed very straightforward to us. And then she said, Oh, some warehousing fees. We thought, Oh, no problem. And then now we're actually drilling down in the actually registering their system part, and it looks like there's a minimum additional fee of 8% for, just for if you want to ship your own products out and not have them do anything other than, you know, tell you to ship them when the retailer requests it, or 18 to 25% more for them to kind of do an FBA style setup where you ship whole shipments to them and they meter it out, which is what Cindy advised to us, is that, is that what you're seeing And what you're learning? Brian,

Speaker  191978:40
um, yeah, actually, we haven't dug super into it. We received this, like, supplier guys, like, last week. And I'm like, Okay, I'll put on my teams to do to, you know, get into the weeds and understand it this week,

Speaker  196336:00
actually, so you're not set up then with their vendor setup and all that stuff, or the registry.

Speaker  197621:20
No, okay, yeah,

Speaker  197989:20
because I had my team go through that today, and this is where we kind of hit the snafu. And I had two team members on the call before, and all of us were under the same impression of like, hey, it's this fixed 18% fee and then some warehousing fee. Things are good, right? That's it. That was really what kind of Cindy was driving home for us. And we have two calls with her. They were both very long, but now we're seeing these additional fees to where, honestly, their margins that they want, sprouts wants, like 54% or whatever, right? I think in the end, it would make us go into the red. Quite honestly, we're adjusting our prices up as per their request, because she said our prices are for retail are too low. I thought, okay, already, we already sell at kind of a high price. But, you know, if you think so, um, I mean, I guess I was comparing to Amazon brands, um, but um, you know, so we're already increasing our price for them. And even after doing that, we're going like, holy, holy crap. Like, if there's these additional we've actually just emailed Cindy before I got on the call. That's why I was not on the call when it's very much started. So we're just trying to get clarification on this. Is this normal? I don't know if anybody else has ever worked with pod. You very well might encounter the same thing, Brian, when you get to this stage. Are they pitching it in this this coming week, like very soon,

Speaker  219253:20
the products, to sprout. Yeah. We sent them product last week.

Speaker  220282:40
Yeah, so did we, yeah, okay. I think Cindy said she's going to the sprouts headquarters today or tomorrow, like, very, very, you know, just early this week, and she told us we would have word by the 30th.

Speaker  223546:40
So, yeah, yeah. Is

Speaker  224250:40
that? Is that what you're hearing for your yours as well, or

Speaker  225072:00
I didn't hear when they're going to sprouts. I just, we just thought, basically the deadline was today to give them product.

Speaker  226912:00
Okay, yeah, it sounds because they only supposed to. They only pitch five brands at once. So I guess we're the golden children

Speaker  229344:00
here, kids from Chiang Mai Yeah,

Speaker  229909:20
right, that's Chiang Mai brothers. So, yeah, I mean, I don't know. I mean, I don't know if this is normal, if anybody else has worked with them, but yeah, this is, yeah, I'm at the same stage here. I've not sold retail before. They found us, right?

Speaker  233589:20
Thanks Jason for the heads up. Yeah, it's really important that we better understand their margin structures for

Speaker  235194:40
sure, yeah, yeah. I'm hoping I'm wrong. Like I said, I just emailed Cindy, so yeah, we'll see. I guess we'll do I'm just saying

Speaker  237322:40
to build on that, I work with eight distributors in eight different countries, not in the US so far, but Europe, Middle East, and the most I've learned was from other brands already working with those distributors. What are the pitfalls? Well, mistakes that you've made? You wish you you wouldn't, and it's great that you guys talk to each other, even if you're on the same space, because you have more more to save here.

Speaker  244720:00
Absolutely no, I'm happy I got on the call,

Speaker  246005:20
and I would to pursue on this thing. What I do now is, when I'm interested with a distributor, I always try to talk to the brands they already have in the portfolio and exchange best practice, and try to get the insider tips before I sign with them. And I do a few few times calls with other brands. Oh, who do you have in that country and that country? And we exchange contacts, and we also exchange those guys are good, those guys are not so good. All the horror stories that you prefer to to hear before you jump in,

Speaker  255866:40
a good idea, and you find the distributors will easily share those brands. They'll tell you, Hey, we do these. These people

Speaker  257616:00
are, oh yeah, all the distributors show the list of their brands publicly. And some brands also show on their websites the distributors they have here and there. But then, then you can also look at trade shows websites and you can see who exhibits with whom, if the brand by herself, or if the brand exhibits on their distributor booth, and then you have the full list. It requires a bit of digging, but then the information is there.

Speaker  265749:20
Interesting. That's great advice. Thank you.

Speaker  267429:20
Yeah. Who

Speaker  267733:20
else is sitting on a on a hot topic right now,

Speaker  270842:40
I have another topic, but it's not related to retail. But as I just started, and I'm quite excited about that. It's about corporate gifts. Do any of you do corporate gifts on their business gifts? So I do, I do kitchenware products like lunch, lunch box, lunch bags, etc. So it's a so it's product that most people can use, and also this kind of little babies that most people use. So I just started hiring an external sales person to get me meetings with all those resellers. And they are basically distributors, right? They take the brand and for a cut, they resell it to their own clients portfolio, which is very scalable for us, because it's, it's quite nice orders. They sometimes order 50 units. They sometimes order 500 units in bulk with with quite a decent profit, even though you, you, you give, I give between 20 and 28% margin to those retailers. So it's not, it's not for free, but with the volume, it actually gets quite profitable.

Speaker  290800:00
So you do that as part of a service, or you you work directly with the corporation.

Speaker  292688:00
I don't, I don't go myself and try to get those clients. If there is an incoming request, of course, we make an offer and we get the business if we can, but then I don't have anyone in the team that is doing outreach, so I prefer, well, that's my strategy so far, to go through agencies that have the portfolio of clients and have a big assortment. And as long as as my products stand out and they fit to a need, then I get some orders.

Speaker  301658:40
Oh, cool, yeah. Did you name an agency you work with? I think, yeah, my product, like lotion, would be really nice at companies.

Speaker  304528:00
There are some big ones. Let me find the full list. And there are also some trade shows. I don't know, in the US, though, what are the names of the trade shows for those guys? But then you have, like, big agencies with probably 100 people in sales, and smaller agencies, 510, 20 people. So you don't necessarily need to be in the biggest but as long as you have a nice a nice assortment of them, you can get nice orders. Mercato is one big one, but they're probably US based as well. In the others in find those trade shows. You have the full list of the whole industry, then you understand the market in a second.

Speaker  317946:40
Yeah, good stuff.

Speaker  318250:40
Sounds like our margins. Go ahead. Brian,

Speaker  319402:40
oh, I was gonna switch to another topic. So, yeah, go ahead, Jason, oh, I was just going to say,

Speaker  320528:00
it sounds like our margins are pretty out of control, because sprouts wants 54% which is, you know, quite a big difference. I think that maybe some I don't know, what is that typical? 54% is that typical for a retailer to want that? Yeah, is it pretty typical? Yeah, it's a pretty big margin.

Speaker  326213:20
Yeah. So you get some margins at the end of the year for volumes, or for placements or whatever.

Speaker  329093:20
I think it's just that. I don't think there's any additional stuff, yeah,

Speaker  330485:20
like you said, with pods, they love to divide the negotiation into steps that you don't know since the beginning, and then they tell you, Oh, that's the upfront margin. But then at the end of the year, and say, Oh, you want to be on the catalog, and that's, that's price. And then, by the way, you want to have a bigger assortment, so then that costs you this much. Yeah, that you can you haven't anticipated in the beginning? Yeah, I

Speaker  336800:00
think it matters for a retailer, too. That Erawan, that really fancy grocery store, um, they have a $10,000 per product slotting fee just for getting on the shelf. You want to get on the shelf, it's 10 grand. So there's stuff like that, but I think it varies,

Speaker  340784:00
yeah, yeah, yeah. It's expensive, man, it's somewhat, I see that brands like us, we may not have developed the DNA for retailers since we're, you know, we're sourcing, and we're creating our cost structure and pricing structure based on a different business model, yeah. I mean, I'd see, obviously, we can't compete our cost of goods with some of these national players. And

Speaker  349082:40
I think that's ultimately it, yeah, when you look at Sprouts, like, there's no Amazon brands on there, you know, it's only big, big retailer brands that manufacturers in the in the wow. I mean, yeah, there's cause and Mary Ruth, but

Speaker  352944:00
Mary Ruth, yeah, that's it. But,

Speaker  353936:00
but yeah. I mean, mostly it's like the big players that manufacture in the millions of units kind of thing.

Speaker  355712:00
Yeah? Right, yeah.

Speaker  358565:20
Um, yeah, I guess one thing I want to briefly talk about is geographic exclusivity. So we're working with I herb, and we're kind of growing well in the MENA market, like Middle East, places like Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, and they wanted to ask us for geographic exclusivity for 12 months. Basically, they said they would be able to push further marketing there. I haven't heard exactly how they spend what type of money doing what, so I want to get more clarity on that. But yeah, I just want to get your thoughts on, you know, what are the conditions that would that you would grant for exclusivity, and how do we kind of, yeah, I guess it's like, either we give them exclusivity or this is a booming market, so we should go hunt for distributors who'd want to sell in that region. For us, it's like, mean, the market sounds really cool, but we're just kind of busy, and we don't want to, like, start working with distributors from Saudi Arabia right now. But hey, maybe it's a worth a shot. So yeah, how would you think about it?

Speaker  376597:20
Some distributors, they love to lock the exclusivity early on, just to secure the brand and make sure that no competitor is actually selling it. But your it's not your interest. Your interest is to make sure that those guys will actually push the brand as much as they want, right? Yeah, like, I have one in Italy. Those guys are nice people, but they order very, very small amounts, and they have the brand in exclusivity. I never signed anything with them, but it's like a gentleman agreement, okay? I give you exclusivity for a reasonable period of time, and they keep telling me, yeah, but the market is difficult. It's going to take months and maybe a year or two to take off.

Speaker  388288:00
That sounds Italian,

Speaker  388640:00
yeah.

Speaker  389312:00
And since then, nothing much is happening. Okay, I'm busy elsewhere, so I I'm okay to let them, but they probably played that with me. Right.

Speaker  392117:20
Question This guys is this, would it be typical for like, a distributor of this sort to want to get an exclusivity of multiple brands so they can control, essentially, the volume and push one over the other. So, like, maybe they wanted to have this exclusivity with you to control how much you're selling. So maybe another client of theirs that's bigger is selling more. So is there what to see, like, conflict of interest that they might have if they represent, let's say, multiple brands in your category.

Speaker  401376:00
Yeah, you know, most of the time the distributors, they ask for exclusivity because, I mean, when you, when you launch a brand in a new country, they're going to put a lot of work. They need to to explain the brand, they need to train the shop and so on. So most of the time, they really like to get six or 12 months exclusivity so they can be sure that, okay, they're gonna work on the way, on the brands. They're gonna, yeah, they're gonna collect at the end of the day, okay, they will be the only one earning money from the brands, because in some countries or some different kind of products, for example, for us in the cycling industry, we have a lot of brands that have three or four different distributors in one country, and at The end, they don't really push anyone wants to push only offering discount and stuff like that, but they won't make the real work explaining the brand, explaining the products paying for a boost on a trade show, stuff like that. So this is why, most of the time, they ask for it, and sometimes you have, like, yes, some distributors that are not really ethical. They're going to ask for this, for the exclusivity, just to block the brands. They already have, like, a competitive, competitor of your brands, and it's a good way to block the markets. But to be honest, you can check that. You can see what brand they have in their in their catalog, and stuff like that. But most of the time is because they want to protect the business. Again, they're going to put a lot of efforts. They want to be sure that they will earn the margin.

Speaker  431402:40
But it's it's as the supplier for them, your job is then to control that they actually do the work in a polite way. But I try to have one call per month with with each of them say, Hey, show me what you've done next month. And how did you progress with that key account, and how much new doors Did you open, and what's the repurchase and blah, blah, blah, so you're managing an external sales force, basically, right?

Speaker  438693:20
Yeah, what we do at Shape art is, like, most of the time, we start for six months as we don't sign anything say, Okay, you're gonna, you're gonna start. You have six months of accessibility and, and, yeah, let's meet in six months and see how it goes and what volumes you're going to order stuff like that. To me, one year it starts to be a bit long.

Speaker  446762:40
Yeah, makes sense? Yeah. Thank you.

Speaker  448026:40
Yeah. They need to feel the pressure, honestly. Yeah,

Speaker  448704:00
yeah, right. But

Speaker  449072:00
I would say Brian real quick about

Speaker  450032:00
IRB, though. I mean exclusivity there in the Middle East. I mean, it sounds like you guys are probably not going to be doing a whole lot of other Middle East Sales or distributors. I mean, if there's any advantage, you know, you know, I live in Thailand, as you're aware, and I see ads for IRB every day if I Google any supplement or any any natural product. So if they're going to be actually putting those ads out on their dime for your products in those countries, probably worth it, you know, maybe worth experimenting with it. I mean, it says, you know, in some senses, it's kind of free. I mean, I guess you would want to maybe get some clarification from them on what they would do to you know, are they do? They have a budget for your they're gonna run ads specifically, and what are you going to get for the agreement? Because it seems like it's kind of No, no loss to you, so to speak, since it's just an online sales Middle East thing,

Speaker  463418:40
of them, of the market share in the region, are there like, 10% or 80% on your category?

Speaker  465200:00
Um, their market share in the MENA region for beauty? No, no, no idea. Yeah. I guess it depends on what's the what's the market is like Total Beauty, or is it like on the site, online, e commerce? Um, probably pretty small right now, but growing pretty quick. They just set up a fulfillment center in Saudi Arabia.

Speaker  474053:20
I guess how much of everyone's business is retail right now. So for me, like, if retailer also means like, online retailers, like I heard, I'm at roughly 60% of my business on retail,

Speaker  478826:40
30% for me, but growing

Speaker  479370:40
barely zero, yeah,

Speaker  480528:00
currently 02, yeah,

Speaker  481792:00
cool, cool, yeah, I guess what's one step we each can do to move forward. I think I got useful tips here for pods, for sure, just to check our shit and for iHerb, in addition to that love to kind of at least build out a game plan for retailer and distributor outreach. I've done that,

Speaker  489173:20
yeah, the way I started, and Michael helped me, because he has more experience than me and in retail, I attended all the trade shows I could just as a visitor with a few products in my backpack and and take as many pictures as I could and understand the market. Because those guys, they work a lot more traditionally than than we do online, especially with Amazon, and they like to see each other and have lunch together, etc. It's like old style business and and they use trade shows for that, even though trade shows are probably not as as powerful touch point as as in the past, to do business, it's still important. And going there, you can see everyone, pretty much, and you can, you can understand the dynamics of the market, who's Big or small, who's Yeah, who's doing great or not, and especially which brands are distributed by whom. And you get the whole crowd navigating all around those, the agents, the reps, the ex guys of these key accounts that are all looking for another job. So you meet everyone there,

Speaker  509322:40
yeah, yeah. The entire industry is there with all the different states, yeah.

Speaker  510410:40
And in a day you have like 1020, touch points that is impossible to do just on Zoom calls, right? So I found those days super, super profitable, and just with a cabin luggage and I cruise the halls and talk to everyone and get, well, get the get the contacts of everyone, and especially the brands similar to yours, maybe not directly competing, but maybe in the same space, and follow up with them afterwards and exchange best practices, because you're going to learn a lot from them. And at first, you don't have, you don't have much to to share, at least on that channel, but you have a lot to share on on online sales, etc. So you can also help them in another way, and most people will be happy to help. And you can really fast track your learning curve.

Speaker  525898:40
Cool, cool, yeah,

Speaker  527050:40
yeah, thanks for that, Etienne.

Speaker  528202:40
So like I said, guys, it's a, it's a round table discussion. So if everyone, anyone has a challenge you're facing right now or something you want to share to the group, and then the other members can can help you,

Speaker  533216:00
make any suggestions on how to, how to find those sort of, sort of trade shows, I'm guessing, in our space, is probably Natural Products Expo, Brian, you and I, yeah,

Speaker  535525:20
yeah, that's that. And also, for me, it was like cosmoprof. There's also another one, you know, natural products east, yeah, sort of, they stopped that, but they started another trade show called Newtopia, yeah, like that was more focused on, like, innovation, sustainability and, like, higher consciousness of like, yeah, people do wanting to do good. That was actually really cool. I went last year, small crowd, yeah, yeah. I went and also went to Cosmo profit last year. So, yeah, it's

Speaker  544384:00
not like a beauty specific one,

Speaker  545136:00
yeah, yeah. Like, yeah, mostly beauty.

Speaker  546368:00
And the good source for that is actually the LinkedIn pages of the other brands and the distributors, because they all post about it,

Speaker  548512:00
yeah, announce, like, they're gonna show up. They're gonna be at this booth. Come check us out. Yeah. So

Speaker  550133:20
you look at the past year posts, and you see, oh, they were there. They're going to be there next year. And then you, you know, everything thanks to that, yeah. At

Speaker  552917:20
the end, I think you bring up this really good point of getting smart with the traditional industry that we've kind of come in and sort of disruptive, but there's this gigantic traditional industry in the background that continues to operate, and there's, like you said, like even on LinkedIn, just following the big brands, right? That's gonna get us this news feed of what's going in on the market. We're going to be able to get a better pulse. So I think that's a really good, cool, like, initiative to do

Speaker  561776:00
what my small journey, and I'm still I started this journey, like two years ago, or two years and a half, so I'm still early on in the in the process. But the main finding I had was that, starting on Amazon, I actually had the best value for money and product market fit with my stuff, because Amazon is probably the toughest channel to operate on, because the level of competition is almost infinite. The competition on price is also strong, so you need to have a hell good of a product to survive there. So if you've done that, you already achieved a lot, then that legacy brands, brands that are mostly on retail sometimes haven't. So you come with a better product, with a better price for that product, and then your main challenge is just to access that channel. And it's gated. It's gated by key accounts. It's gated by distributors or agents, or some depends on the market and but you have, you have very sexy offer. So they are, they are willing to to get your stuff. Now, the issue is about the pricing and make sure that you can have a profit online and you can have you and middleman can have a profit offline. So sometimes it's okay with the same product. Sometimes you need to change the sizes, if you're in supplements, the number of caps, whatever. Sometimes you need to have a specific offer for retail action. That's

Speaker  586245:20
very interesting. I wondered about that, actually, so far, we need to reconfigure our products, like you said, a number of capsules specifically for retail.

Speaker  588922:40
We did. We did this another way around, with a with a supplement brand that that I know from France, Michael as well, and they were mostly in retail with with no more jars for supplements, and we developed a format just for online, with envelopes, super flats to minimize Amazon fees, etc, stuff that wasn't, at least in their market, wasn't done previously, and they saved a ton of money for that. So you can also develop special packaging, especially specifically for retail to win on that, on that channel, that's

Speaker  600133:20
very interesting. Thank you for sharing that.

Speaker  601077:20
And about packaging, what an experience I made that worked quite well when I exhibit in trade shows, I now do three trade shows a year, two for retail, one for a corporate gift. I show my current range, but I also show a lot of fake stuff, like stuff that I'm planning to do, or I'm not even planning to do, but I just show more products that that I have in the assortment right now, just to look bigger than I am, and it works well. And sometimes a big client say, Oh, I love this call, Oh, I love this, this concept. And I hadn't planned to launch it, but because I get the commitment from that client, then I'm launching it. So a bit of fake it, until you make it same with

Speaker  612912:00
packages,

Speaker  613232:00
even if you if your packaging is very well optimized for Amazon, but not for retail, I don't know, size wise, labels whatsoever make the sexiest packaging for retail. And show that. Show that in trade shows if your exhibits, or even as a sample in your backpack, if you're visiting. And even if, if that's not what you have right now. If it's something you can do in the near future, you need to show it that's it's going to be super convincing.

Speaker  620650:40
Those are cool ideas. Yeah, that's pretty, pretty innovative. I like that.

Speaker  622634:40
Hey guys, I gotta jump off. Yeah, I got to go to this bank. Yeah?

Speaker  624800:00
Let's let's see if we have another topic. Otherwise, we can just wrap up and be respectful of everyone's time. Hey Kat, welcome in the call.

Speaker  627456:00
Hey Jen, thanks a lot. Man, appreciate it. Jason, good to see you, buddy. Hope to see you.

Speaker  628672:00
YouTube, bro, yeah, let's talk soon. Man,

Speaker  629232:00
yeah, cool. Cool. Take

Speaker  630149:20
care. Apologies, traveling today.

Speaker  631573:20
So what's, what's your, what's, what are your main challenge for for retail, how can the group help? We

Speaker  633205:20
got, we got a product at Walmart, and it's not going to be that many units, I think, compared to our normal, you know, our normal inventory rate. But we're looking at a consolidator. Instead of our regular three PL just to make sure it gets handled right. Have you guys had experience with the

Speaker  637802:40
consolidators? I don't, but would be great if you can drop the question in the in the app channel. I'm sure someone will pick it up. Yeah?

Speaker  639850:40
Some somebody recommended dot foods, and I've talked to a couple. They're pretty small, but think for the amount of units we did, we'll probably go with them. Dot foods. Maybe think they said they're in 5% of their businesses, consolidation, everything else is three, PL and that kind of stuff, but that's currently what I'm looking at. So

Speaker  646245:20
all right, Anything else, guys, otherwise we can just wrap up and continue the conversation in the app. Honestly,

Speaker  649045:20
we're good.

Speaker  649349:20
I think I'm good.

Speaker  649733:20
All right. Well, guys, thank you for for that chat. Thank you, Belen, for organizing this next one is in three weeks already. So don't hesitate to and doctors take to post in the, in the app channel with questions, requests like this, I'm sure some people will pick up and continue conversation there. Amazing. Thank you guys. Have a good day. Have a good day guys. Enjoy.
