Fernando Campos
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1376:00
What's up, guys? Yeah, so I'm super excited to be here. Great to see everybody. So my name is Fernando Campos. If you guys don't know me, I've been a member since 2016 which is kind of crazy now, thinking about it. I'm one of the co founders in hive HQ, which is a Tiktok shop suite of tools, so much like helium 10, but for Tiktok. And then, yeah, basically, I've scaled up our own brands on Tiktok shop. They're now doing a combined 30 million on both Amazon and Tiktok per year. And then both my business partner and I have sold a few different companies over the years, but some of the brands that we work with are everyone from bloom, Mary, Ruth, igk, bark, Zen wise. So a lot of brands that you guys have probably heard of, hopefully and so I can share some of the experience that we have learned from working with them. So I think one of the things that I think about the most when thinking about how to scale on Tiktok is kind of the like, the fundamentals, and just thinking about the Tiktok affiliate flywheel. And so, you know, majority of brands that are really scaling, like, talking about, like, you know, over 500k over a million a month. You know, 70, 80% of their sales are actually coming from affiliates. So it's not their branded page, it's not lives. And so I think it's a really big area to focus on. And so when you're kind of getting started, you're thinking about like, what is like that leading metric specifically for the channel, and I would say that it's really the shoppable videos. And so starting to think about, like, tracking that on a daily or weekly basis. And the big threshold for a lot of brands is when you cross them over 50 videos a day, and ultimately that is just going to start driving traction. And you know, one of those videos will pop off, hopefully, and that drives a ton of organic sales. And then your lagging metric that you're kind of focusing on is units sold, and that's extremely important, when you think about one, it's going to increase your conversion rate with customers, because now you're showing social proof. And then two, the main thing is that, like, you know, going over to the left side of the flywheel is now you're actually getting more inbound affiliate interest, right? Because if you're paying commission to other creators, creators are like, a very like social bunch. They're gonna like, they're gonna see like, hey, like, my friend Timmy, or whatever, is getting 10, 20k in commissions a month. I want to jump on that. And so it's this, it's this really interesting flywheel where you're really focusing on the shop, bowl, videos, KPI, and just trying to get as many pieces of content on different angles with different ICPs as much as possible, and then naturally you're gonna spark or drive ads behind the ones that are performing the best. And that's basically how the flywheel works. That is kind of like when you're thinking about the 8020, specifically of Tiktok shop. You really wanna start with the shoppable videos. And so the next question that I get, probably like the most frequently, is like, you know, what ultimately makes a winning product specifically on Tiktok, and how is it like different than Amazon, right? Because a ton of us are bootstrapped, a ton of us, you know, kind of started on Amazon, and then now you're kind of going more either D to C or off Amazon. And so I think one of the first pieces for sure, to really thinking about is like, is it your product, like, visually engaging? Like, does it look great in videos? Does it actually grab somebody's attention, if you're selling kind of, like, a boring product, truthfully, like, I don't know, garlic press, like, it's not revolutionary. It's not gonna, like, stop somebody. It's not really solving, like, this crazy problem that, like, people are gonna get excited about and want to purchase specifically on Tiktok. The second one is, like, is it like impulse? Is it by a buyer? Friendly, if you like, you know, some people have crushed with, like, vacuums, you know, at like, a $200 price point. But for the most part, like, the sweet spot that you see, like, getting a ton of traction on Tiktok is kind of sub 50. And so, yeah, kind of those, like, low enough, like, for an impulse purchase is huge. And then, like, trend driven. So there's tons of different trends. You know, obviously, like Tiktok, maybe you buy it could be like gut health. Could be hormone balance. But if you can tap into those viral trends, then creators can basically, like, hop on that specifically, and the algorithm will feed that content into more and more users, and ultimately, like that plays a huge factor. And don't worry, I'm gonna give examples of, like, some of the best selling products. And then the last one is, like, low friction. So if you have a product that's really hard to explain, if it's not like, visually, you know, like demonstrable, if it's like, if it's really heavy, and then it's gonna be hard for your margins to work. And so those are some of, like, the key, like, four aspects that I think about of products that will tend to do well on Tiktok shop. And so I chose these five examples. And so if you guys aren't familiar with them, starting from the left. So Guru now. Honda is, like, amazing. They're like, one of the top, like, kind of beauty brands for a long time on shop. Basically, what they have is, like a coconut pulling oil, and what it does is it kind of whitens your teeth. And so this is, like, perfect, right? Because the United States, like, we care about our teeth. We're not like Britain, you know what I mean? Like, we're thinking about, like, wanting to look and feel good. And so it's really clear, like, if someone kind of makes their teeth look yellow, whether they Photoshop it or not, and then afterwards they, like, kind of do a video, and then now, all of a sudden, they use this oil, and their teeth are like, pearly white, like, you're gonna buy that product, right? And so, like, they came out crushing millions a month on Tiktok. A lot of people haven't even heard of comfort. This is, like the hoodie. It's genius. It looks like a normal hoodie, like oversized. But what they did was they tapped into a trend specifically for mental wellness. And so you guys have probably heard of like the like, heavy weight, kind of weighted blankets. But if you're a busy mom, you don't have the time or the luxury just sit on your couch and sit under a weighted blanket. You have errands to do, you have things to do. And so they kind of came at it like and merged that concept, right? A weighted blanket with a hoodie and have crushed I mean, I'll cover a case study towards the end with these guys, but within three years, they went from zero, like not existing, to hundreds of millions a year, mostly because of Tiktok and Snapchat. Mary Ruth, who we work with, has crushed their hair. Growth serum is one of the best selling products on Tiktok shop, I think again, kind of going with before and afters, they're really strong in terms of that visual engagement of like, hey, my hair looked like this, and now it looks like this, and they can back it up with clinical studies, which is cool and unique, again, like kind of providing some type of, if you think about, like, if your hair is falling out, or you feel like, you know, kind of insecure about your hair, you're willing to spend 50 bucks on this product. And I think that's what they've really like, kind of captured really well is like people that are willing to pay because of these, like, specific challenges or problems that they're facing. Same thing with go pure, you know, a neck cream. Again, if you're feeling like a little self conscious about like your neck because it's wrinkling or whatever, you're willing to spend $40 and especially if you see another creator that you trust saying, like, Hey, this is what it looked like before. This is what it looked like after. And I think that's like such a powerful tool that Tiktok gives you that you don't necessarily get on Amazon. And then the last one is neuro and then what's really, I think, innovative about these guys is they came out with a caffeinated gum and mint product, but with L theanine. And so l theanine, again, is kind of a trending ingredient. But, you know, Joe Rogan has talked about them like, there's a lot of, like, celebrities, and a lot of it came from, like, they went from, like, literally 10 million a month to now on track for nine figures this year. But specifically because of Tiktok shop. It basically added fuel to the fire of everything they were doing, whether it was retail, Shopify, Amazon, and so it's such a powerful tool, and so that's why I'm super excited to, like, share all this with you guys. So I'm sure, like, actually, just out of curiosity, as a raise of hands, how many of you guys are already on Tiktok shop? Oh, wow. Okay, sweet. That's helpful. So if you guys haven't had a chance to read breakthrough advertising, and you're interested in off Amazon, whether that's D to C or Tik Tok shop, like, I highly, highly recommend this book. And yeah, this kind of next section, we'll kind of talk about, like, what I feel personally like Tiktok shop is honestly a bigger opportunity in some ways, than Amazon. I don't know It's a bold claim, but it'll make sense in this slide.

Speaker  141354:40
And so a lot of us like understand that, like Amazon is remarkable for demand capture, right? You have to either have a branded keyword or a non brand keyword for someone to find you. And you know, we've all heard that stat that, like, 50% of searches started on Amazon. Like you guys have heard those, those kind of like metrics, right? But if you think about it, if you're like starting this is like the awareness pyramid for a brand or for a specific product that comes from breakthrough advertising. And so if you're most aware, you're already aware of like, the product and the brand, but it's a very small segment, right? And then so ultimately, you need to convince this customer, like, Hey, I should buy you. Like, at this point because of some kind of urgency, maybe it's a flash sale. Maybe it's a new feature that the new iPhone comes out, but it's like, this is the smallest segment that's possible within the your total customer base. Then you have, like, product aware, and so they're already familiar, let's say, with a product. Maybe they're already familiar, of like these weighted blanket hoodies, but they're not necessarily sure if yours is the right one. And then so you need to basically write. Um, have the Creator send the right messaging that, like, hey, this product is better than everybody else is, and you should end up purchasing this one. And so naturally, this tier is a little bit bigger than the most aware. And and then, um, the next one is, like, solution aware. So there may be aware that, like, hey, there's these weighted products like hoodies or blankets that are that exist, but like, I don't know if that's necessarily the right solution for me. And so as you're kind of going down this pyramid, naturally, your pool of potential customer base is getting larger and larger. And I think that's why these brands can go from like zero or like 10 million a year to, like, to over 100 million a year within, like, a year, year and a half, because they're able to tap into such a larger segment than you can on Amazon. Because for Amazon, like, if you don't have a super strong brand, your your focus, your your kind of capped at your non branded keywords, right? And then even if you're in the top three for all of them, you're kind of, you have a ceiling, right? But what's again, where Tiktok thrives is in the bottom two tiers. And I mean, really, you can create a video that will cover the span of this entire like pyramid, because you can actually now target people that are problem aware, so they maybe know, like, Hey, I'm losing hair, but I don't know exactly what I want to do, to take it, to take to help it, or I'm completely unaware. And so it's maybe like, I have some issues with I don't know, energy or brain fog. And then it's like, oh, I didn't even know this, but I'm hearing this story from this other creator, and I can relate to that. And then I'm now kind of taken through this pyramid from one specific video, that makes me from completely unaware to now most aware, and I want to buy this specific product or brand, and so, yeah, I think what's incredible, like when I think about Tiktok, is that people are users spending 95 minutes a day, And they're like, ultimately, like, 35% of people are saying that they're discovering new products through Tiktok, and 36% of Gen Z have already bought stuff because they learned about it from Tiktok. And obviously those stats will just continue to increase over time. And so I think when I think about like, Tiktok and like and the user platform, like, the experience is they're not coming to shop like they are on on Amazon. They're actually just, like scrolling through like they're looking for entertainment. And I think that's like a huge part, and ultimately, what drives, like, the distinction of the platforms, and why you can basically create so much more demand on Tiktok. And so I think, like, the formula for success is really one having the right product, which we covered earlier. Second is the right story, and then the third is the right execution, and that's what ultimately leads to, like, viral sales, or to those brands. Like, I think you can get lucky and go to like, whatever, 100 300k a month, but to really scale past a million a month, like you need, like, legit execution. And that's like, what kind of separates out those brands that I've seen hit that and so when I think about, like, the right story, right? It's really like these kind of four building blocks of, like a Tiktok video that goes viral. One is like, the hook, right? The second is the problem, the third is the solution, and then the fourth is the CTA. And so, like, just kind of going through as, like, an example, the hook would be like, messy hair, right? And then it just grabs attention, ultimately, just stops, stops the scroll. If you have that kind of issue, then it's relatable. Then the problem is like, yeah, you're tired of frizzy hair, long styling times, all that kind of stuff. It's a relatable struggle for those people that have that specific issue. The solution is a really quick demo of the product that fix fixes the issue in seconds, not like revolutionary. And then the CTA is like, this is 30 bucks. It changed my life. It like and then get it before it sells out, or has this limited edition blah, blah, blah. But ultimately drives urgency so that someone clicks on that, like orange Cart button, adds it and purchases it right there. And so those are, like, the four building blocks of the video. And like all the best performing videos, basically will have those elements throughout it. And so, yeah, basically, now that we've kind of covered some of the fundamentals, like, Yeah, I'll be now kind of breaking through, kind of the specific aspects that I think will drive, like, scaling on shop, like, on a budget again, like, kind of with the frame of reference. I think there's two approaches, right? If you're a massive brand, you've, like, raised venture, it's easy to throw hundreds of 1000s of dollars at the platform and then ultimately try to get to like, millions. But I think many of us here, like, are bootstrapped, and so obviously you don't have that necessarily, like, that. Luxury. And so I kind of broke it out into two different types of approaches, and then I'll spend more time kind of giving examples on the bootstrapped approach, since I think that kind of fits more in line with the majority of the brands here. And so, yeah, I think the first part of like Tiktok, and easy way to start getting some momentum and traction is through sampling. And so the more bootstrapped or budget friendly approach would be selective sampling. So you're selecting creators that have a decent amount of GMV and a high fulfillment percentage, which ultimately means that they are actually fulfilling, and tagging the content and tagging your product on the video, the more aggressive approach would be just sending out sampling to everybody. And I think that works really well when you've already hit momentum specifically on the platform. But I wouldn't say that it's actually the best if you're if you're still kind of in the early cold start, because now, like in the early 2024 it was easy, like, one in 101 in 200 videos would go viral. But now you have to be a little bit more selective, because there's less of a chance that it goes viral just from, like, from random sampling, if that makes sense. The next, like, really Cornerstone piece of scaling on Tiktok is, like, careful ad spend. And so I think what I've seen, like a lot of brands do well, is that they're only sparking videos that have like maybe 5k views, and then they're quickly cutting them if they're not driving sales after whatever, like 100 $200 in spend on the on the other side, there's, like, the brands that are a lot more aggressive, and so they're willing to lose money on the channel of Tiktok specifically, maybe, let's say, negative five, negative 10% but they're making so much in terms of, like, higher contribution margin sales on Amazon, on Shopify, or in brick and mortar retail, that if you were to think about like the overall Tiktok initiative, it's massive in terms of profitability, and then also, like the brand equity, which is huge. But these brands are just constantly testing every single piece of content, regardless, driving a ton of ads, and then obviously scaling the winner. And they'll set like, different budgets, you know, per kind of segment.

Speaker  276784:00
The next piece is like kind of lives. I won't spend too much on this, because I don't think this is the necessarily the best place to start. But if you have the time and you're willing to like you can spend one to three hours a day on a live through like your branded page, and you will start getting sales. You will build, like a small following. You'll start converting. You'll figure out which products are good traffic drivers, which ones end up getting the most engagement. And you can kind of refine your pitch if you've already, if you've already started scaling, I would definitely look at, like, the live agencies, like outlandish, super ordinary. Those are two of, like, the biggest ones. But again, they're not going to get you past the cold start. And I wouldn't recommend it if you're still there. And then this is the section that I want to spend, like, probably a little bit more time on. Is the Creator relations. Is the Creator relationships. This, ultimately is, like, the key, like, the long term asset to Tiktok shop is that you need to have, like, a super engaged like sale, basically a sales team of creators that love your brand. And ultimately, they need to be testing different hooks. They need to be testing different messages. They need to ideally look different so they're they're speaking to different ICPs. But whether you do it on your own through, like, going to the discords, recruiting them, networking on your own, or you hire like a done for you creator team, either way works. But yeah, obviously, like, if you're doing the higher done for you team could be like, a 5k minimum budget, 10k if you're doing on your own, then you could be the creator manager. And it's a lot it's a lot cheaper. But ultimately, like, if you think about, like, what a sales like floor looks like, and then they the energy super high. They're ringing the gong, like they're constantly testing they're they're excited about making commissions. People are sharing about the new car that they just bought. Like, think of like, pyramid scheme type of marketing. That's what you want, like your discord to feel like when you're building like a creator team, and then the last piece is increasing your units sold again. I talked about it in the beginning, but it's the most important. Like lagging metric. It's a social proof specifically for Tiktok shop. So the bootstrapped approach would be to do a heavy discount, discount, it to five bucks, whatever, even if it's for a limited time, do a flash sale, but create scarcity, obviously, around that flash sale to increase your units sold. And then the more aggressive approach would be, you could do full price purchases through join brands or whatever platform you want. But yeah, those are easy ways to kind of get past that cold start and then start driving the momentum. I think like that, yeah, that I like to that love for you guys to pay and then so I kind of touched on this brand earlier. I love this brand. Uh, it's comfort. So again, they've hit now hundreds of millions in revenue a year within three years, which is psychotic. I mean, they're the fastest growing e commerce brand in 2024 not just in apparel, not just on Tiktok, just overall massive and so what these guys have done is, I think they've done an incredible job of like, identifying an untapped need, right? So they created the first, like weighted anxiety easing sweatshirts. They picked up on a trend that, you know, mental health is kind of this rising whatever like trend, I guess, within Tiktok. And I think they were able to really find a precise, like customer pain point. And they really are phenomenal at building community, crafting that message, and creating there's an overall like brand experience. And so when I think about, like, a lot of the content pillars that work for them that might be like, relatable, I can't play the spot that's cool is, like the they a lot of their hooks were, like, around the POV or point of view that your office is freezing. They had a ton of unboxing and reaction videos, like, I'm sure you've seen on Tiktok or on YouTube. They had tons of real life testimonials and influencer promos. One of the co founders is actually an influencer. The other COVID or Hudson had a ton of experience building out affiliates from Snapchat, from another brand, and then actually bootstrapped using a lot of the cash flow from from purely white his teeth whitening brand into comfort. And that's how they were able to scale so quickly without taking outside funding. And then again, like they're phenomenal creating like CTA. So they do limited releases in terms of colorways, in terms of new new types. And basically they had a limitation of supply chain because they weren't able to keep up with it. But what's crazy is they turn that into, like kind of more of an asset instead of a liability. And so basically just kind of more like limited runs, if you know what I mean, and, and that's how they ended up scaling so quickly. And cool. So, yeah, so a lot of the elements that helped comfort, like succeed incredibly well, I would say again, having an influencer on your cap table or as like a partner. Really helped them in terms of getting that initial kind of community they had. They did a really good job of selecting, not necessarily the biggest creator, not like whatever, like someone like Kylie Jenner, but like smaller people that really seem genuine, that really loved the brand, like, really loved the mission around mental wellness. And what's cool about it is they ended up becoming so passionate that those people end up recruiting their friends that are creators as well. And so it just becomes this kind of like flywheel of influence, because people really believe and really care about what you're you're doing. Yeah, again, relatable problem solving like all of us have been in a cold office, whether it's like your office that you work at, or like a doctor's office, whatever, but you can kind of relate to that feeling and how it would be nice to have, like this weighted hoodie. And so obviously it's, yeah, very relatable. Obviously mental wellness is, like, more of a trending topic today, but yeah, they position this hoodie specifically as a solution. And then for those that have been selling on shop, like you guys have seen since Goldie kind of rolled out these like challenges in like August of last year, these challenges are crazy. So where, if you basically drive enough GMV within a certain time frame for a brand, you can win, like a Lambo or an apartment in Miami and but basically, the ultimate, like goal for this is not necessarily to pay out the prizes. I mean, that's like, you know, an added benefit, but is that you're stealing the attention of these creators. Because, again, these brands know that 70 to 80% of the sales are going to come from these creators, and so you need to get them to focus on your brand and create content about you and not the next guy. And so that's where these challenges come in, really helpful in terms of stealing the attention of these creators, and again, comfort crushed it with these they also had a huge community focus. I kind of touched upon that a little bit earlier, but as of earlier, but as of, like, last time I checked, they had over 8000 people, that's ambassadors, affiliates, posting about them once a month. And then they also did a phenomenal job of turning every customer into an advocate, so again, rewarding them with like, based on their content or their engagement. And so they basically created this like in this commission based sales force, if you think about it, just by even the founder will do a weekly call where hundreds of creators will hop on every Saturday, and then he'll just talk about, hey, here's the new colors that are coming down. Here's the new travel hoodie that we're launching. Here's the new sweats that we're here's the new kid sizes that we're launching. And so it just creates momentum, so much excitement around the community. And so there's a reason why they have such a dedicated, like, creator base and community relative to the other fashion brands that aren't thinking about it the same way. Yeah, they do these strategic Brock drops. So yeah, everything from like, specific color ways to like, yeah, just things that create urgency and scarcity that, like a lot of people haven't done. And then flash sales, they're constantly running flash sales. Hudson even talked about, like, the CEO, you know, when they first started, they came in too high of a price, and so it took them a while to kind of figure out, like, what the right price point was, what really made sense for the consumer. But I think that kind of constant testing, and ultimately, like Tiktok shop is really driven by a lot of flash sales. And so figuring out how to do that, get the strike through price, create some kind of time window is huge. And yeah, so in terms of, like, the five takeaways, I think one is, yeah, for winning products on Tiktok, they need to be visually appealing, they need to be impulse buy friendly, they need to be trend driven, and they need to be easy to use. I think those are incredibly important. You pretty much want four out of four of those when you're launching on Tiktok. The second one is really thinking about it in a different way than Amazon, because I think Tiktok is really great at Discovery where Amazon is it, and that's why your buyer pool is so much bigger, and Tiktok is such a powerful engine specifically for creating demand.

Speaker  426965:19
Where, yeah. Again, Amazon captures demand.

Speaker  427866:40
I think, yeah, you solve, if you can solve a problem, like a legitimate problem, then you're able to go viral so much better. And so really thinking about again, from the four building blocks of a video, like, what is the hook, what is the problem, what is the solution, and what is the CTA that ultimately gets somebody to buy then, once you've kind of gone through that specific funnel for them, the fourth is a tailoring your launch strategy. So again, like if you're Bootstrap, like we are, then you know you can do more strategic sampling, really finding creators with better stats. So maybe putting a floor of, like 500 GB for the last 30 days, maybe over 70% fulfillment percentage. And then, you know, scaling ads at whatever three, 4x ROAs. And then if you want to be more aggressive, you can drop that ROAs threshold over time and increase your ad spend. Be more aggressive on your sampling. And I would definitely really be thinking about creator teams as you're kind of growing the platform. And then last is like, yeah, yeah, investing in creator relationships. I think, you know, there's brands like micro ingredients that came out super strong. They were like the top brand for most of 2024 but I think what they kind of missed is that they didn't really focus on the retention of creators. They it was kind of like, turn and burn. And while they they still do crazy numbers, there's a lot of brands that have now taken over for the I for them because they did a better job of, like, maintaining the relationship with these creators. And yeah, so my bonus, like, value add for you guys is, yeah, I compiled, like, a lot of my favorite examples and resources that can help you guys scale on Tiktok shop. So yeah, basically, I have 1000 affiliate contact info, including their emails. If you guys want to do a call and you want to just chat about Tiktok shop, I actually love talking about it. So yeah, feel free to, like, reach out. But I also have like, examples of my favorite creative briefs, the challenges that I kind of mentioned, so like a lot of those top brands, whether it's a goalie or micro ingredients, and then, yeah, examples like for outreach, messages, follow up, messages, all that kind of stuff. Yeah, feel free to reach out and happy to be of help. You.

Speaker  466208:00
Thanks for lovely to help Kat. I

Speaker  467376:00
wonder what's your view on like

Speaker  468095:59
a commission?

Speaker  468623:59
What you pay for affiliates? Are you going like aggressive and you know, you can actually lose if they come shop with soft affiliates, and maybe that creates another set of affiliates where you have lower rates than 10 or 15?

Speaker  473093:19
Yeah, I think that's a great question. I guess I would break it out whether one you have a consumable product so that you can have a higher LTV obviously, then if you do, then it's easier to have, like, a higher commission in the in the beginning. And then you can also separate out between our organic and advertising commission. So, like, I'm in mostly supplements, and so like a lot of brands are doing, anywhere from 20 to 30% and then like five to 10% on average. Ads, which I think works well. But like, if you're launching a new product, you can easily go like, 40 to 50% let's say for the first two months. Like, be willing to pay out heavier commissions and then decrease that over time. But again, you're really focusing on getting that affiliate interest in the beginning, and so starting high and then reducing it over time, is what I would say, thank you so much awesome presentation. Give it up for

Speaker  487461:20
Fernando, thanks, man. You.
