4. Ryan Ebel
Date: September 25, 2025

Speaker  1312:00
Kat, awesome. Well, apologies, guys, I found out late last night that I'd be presenting in front of you guys today. I don't consider myself a hacks person, so I wanted to share something that is working well for us. We've been using some AI tools for coding with Python and other things to try to eliminate the need for us to use our ERP system and save some money and be able to sell our products across different marketplaces for cheaper. Cool, I've been a member since 2021 I've got three girls. Fun fact, we've been training jiu jitsu for about two years. Even the my two year old right now, she's doing some moves on all of us, and so that's a lot of fun. I do have a pet brand since 2015 we're doing elevated dog bowls. And more recently, I've been I've been discouraged against going into supplements and stuff like that from hearing just how competitive it was, but I kind of regret that I wish I got into that space a lot earlier on, since I've been selling since 2015 but recently I'm getting into the like single ingredient treats business, so trying to cross promote my dog bowls with some treats and get some more subscriber business instead of the one off purchases, we also have a food company that we've been that's our main focus right now. That is the majority of that 11 million annual sales is the food business, bulk food, and also candy cool. So I like cursor for the platform to build that code. I started out with some chat, GBT and all the other stuff. But I was having some troubles. When you need to make changes, the new prompts will kind of interfere with what the existing code is. And then it would tell me, oh, shoot, you need to copy and paste this snippet and put it in here. And it just for a non tech guy. It was really complicated for me, even if I was copying and pasting the entire code and having it write it for me, it was still having issues, and the code is conflicting with each other. So I like cursor. You can do a lot for free, but they also have, like, a $20 per month plan, and basically it's a standalone software that sits on your computer. You open it up just like you would like Microsoft Word, and then you can chat with cursor right in there, and cursor will do all of the work. You can see it working in that window. It'll make all of the edits. It'll test itself, which is really cool. So when it finds some errors, it'll go in and change that code immediately and fix it. So I don't need to do any copy and pasting at all. So I highly recommend that it'll have its own dedicated folder on our my computer with all the files, the necessary files. It also keeps a log of all the chat history for the specific product, the script that I'm writing so I can pick up later. So that's really handy. Yeah, I think you can plug it in with your own cloud or Gemini or chat GPT accounts, I guess, next slide. So we connected with the Shopify and ship station. I don't know if you guys have already done that, but Shopify has a really easy way to access their API. They make it so simple. You just go into the settings of your Shopify store, and basically you can click to create an app right there in the right hand corner. It'll give you your API credentials, and that's all that cursor needs to create your app. It'll tie right in, and you can pull any information you want from your Shopify store. It's really endless. We have upgraded to make it a little more automated, so we host our files that cursor creates. We put it on GitHub, and then GitHub trans transfers all that over to our vercel account. Both of those services are extremely cheap. I think GitHub was like $4 per user per month or something. And vercel, I think, is like 20 bucks a month starting plan. So all of this, all in all, is like 50 bucks per month, unless you wanted to get super, super advanced, and cursor does all of that necessary conversion because I have some code that I run Python scripts on my local machine manually. And then there's I've changed those scripts to be able to run on vercel automatically on a time basis. Vercel has done our cursor has done all of that for me. Next slide. So we with our vercel, we created this URL where we can go, and we basically house all of our products. We have access to 10s of 1000s of products from our distributors we work with, and we really do a lot of bundling so we can come out with 1000s of SKUs really quickly. And what works really nice for us is that we can have this database where we put in all of the raw materials that we buy from the supplier, and then we can have conversions to our finished goods products. And then vercel will do all that conversion so it knows what our inventory levels are for the raw materials, and it can do all those calculations. And so we can. Sell the same product many, many different ways, using the exact same raw materials that exist in our inventory. Right now, this right now, we're been doing a lot of Seller Fulfilled, so that gives us the most flexibility to do this. So basically, we don't need to have the packing line in our warehouse convert these products to finished goods. We can have it all just raw material as it comes from the manufacturer, and then the pick ticket will tell our warehouse employees just to open up each one of these master cases or grab one component from 12 different boxes to have a 12 flavor gift basket bundle to send off to the customer. So that's really cool functionality that we can do super, super cheap. We were paying. We had NetSuite, which was super, super expensive, and we used channel advisor before that, and flow track we're using right now, but this is eliminating a lot of that software needs. We can make quick edits to things within this database. We can there's a button to export to an Excel document, which is really handy. Just like with a lot of ERP systems, you can do your exports and then do your bulk changes, add new products, and then just click a button, it'll import it back in and update the whole system. And then it publishes this to our Shopify store directly or ship station. And then from there, it connects to all the other marketplaces, like Walmart, eBay that we sell on. I think next slide and you developed this software for yourself using, yeah, just cursor. Admittedly, my partner is the one. He's a little bit ahead of me in doing these. I'm a little bit behind him personally in figuring out cursor, but he swears by this Reddit community that it's all these other people that have been home brewing things or vibe coating things for their own business applications. So that's really cool that this community here kind of helps you out. So yeah. I guess the general idea is that AI is making it really possible to eliminate a lot of your really expensive software subscriptions and give you a lot of flexibility. There's a lot of functionality that, like ship station, is a little bit limited on so then we create all these like ghost SKUs that will have those different variations of the bundled items, and then so we can sell these items and get around some of the limitations that ShipStation has just by these custom codes I created, like something that I haven't really dived into the Amazon API yet, but that would be a huge one if You can get through that API credential program with Amazon, you can do a lot of different things with Amazon. That would be awesome. And also the AI agents cursor does have that. I personally haven't had the time to get into that yet, but I know that that's going to be pretty awesome. But I just love how cursor makes it all easy next slide. Any questions? Sure.

Speaker  129168:00
Put that together on such shortcuts since last night,

Speaker  130400:00
that was it, but 10 or 11pm trying to put together something to talk about. But so that just

Speaker  132687:59
helps you be a lot more customizable. I guess we offer custom skews, basically,

Speaker  133941:19
yeah, exactly as it comes in. It can just be, yeah. We can do a lot of different things, with putting things together and updating inventory automatically based on when one unit sells, it'll it'll do all the conversions to deduct the necessary finished goods so that we don't oversell. So I really like that functionality that we custom built

Speaker  140106:40
you were using, said before you were using NetSuite to do that.

Speaker  140954:40
Yeah, we had NetSuite as an ERP, just really expensive, and there's a whole learning process to that. And so we moved away. We got flow track, which is a lot cheaper, but now we're figuring out how to replicate that and basically, like 50 bucks a month for these three softwares. So can't really beat

Speaker  146512:00
that. Are you more on DTC than Amazon?

Speaker  147504:00
Well, we we get most of our sales on Amazon. The DTC is more recent, just because we had the Amazon bundling changes in October finally hit us in April. So we had 600 listings get taken down, all in April, there was 60,000 stranded skews at FBA that we had to recall. Now we're a little too afraid to send our products to FBA, but we found the silver lining there is that we can save costs actually, because our products are pretty lightweight, so we can send them in USPS, like the really cheap stuff that's pretty much the same price as the FBA, the FBA pick fee. And then we don't have, like, all we don't have to have 60 days worth of stock shipped out to Amazon. So we can be more lean that regard, and just more flexible in coming up with all. Of different variations of products, and then fill it out at our warehouse. So we did sorry one second. And then one thing we did once that happened is we wanted to ramp up our Shopify store sales. So we did plug in with one of the Shopify apps that is like aI generated advertising for Google ads and Facebook ads. I'm blanking on that name right now, but I think it's like $150 per month. If you search on Shopify in the app section of it, it should come up. There's a quite a few of them that can do the same functionality. But it basically takes our content on ship station and uses its AI programs to write, create the creative for those ads, and it'll create those campaigns. It does everything start to finish pretty much, and that's been pretty good for us. We still need to tweak it a little bit, but we've gone from zero, like not even a Shopify store to we were doing about 60k a month, and this is in the past three, three months or so, just through this AI ad software.

Speaker  177312:00
You're saying that that just caught my attention. So you had zero sales on

Speaker  178640:00
top, right? We barely even had a store three months ago, and then you just slipped in something you didn't share on your diet, right? I kind of thought of it after the fact from so AI editing,

Speaker  181749:20
so that's curious.

Speaker  182165:19
Yeah, I owe you guys that name of that software. I'll look it up and I'll let you guys know that million a year, just extra revenue. Yeah, how does that happen? Yeah, we got

Speaker  185445:20
some time curious about that, yeah, it just Yeah.

Speaker  187354:40
I'm thinking about the name of it. I can probably did you have a question, Tyler, while I see if I can find that

Speaker  189338:39
name, 60 Kat a month. How much does that add to a spend?

Speaker  190986:40
My partner manages that side of things, but I know at one point we were at 30% I think it was taco so it doesn't sound very good, but we don't have that 15% Amazon commission and then all that other stuff.

Speaker  194752:00
And it plugs into it handles your budgets.

Speaker  195520:00
It handles everything start to finish. We just give it a budget. We connect our Facebook account, our Google Ads account, to that software, and it runs through this Shopify account with all of our products and everything it's creating. It's creating everything. But I'm sure that we could do a lot better. We're completely hands off with that tool. We just let it run. But I bet there's ability for us to add more. We could add a lot more content and get much better results.

Speaker  202517:20
Go to college, spend $400,000 or I can give you this tool, and you can be making 700 grand a year trying to cost you 30%

Speaker  205322:40
Yeah, oh, it's called ad scale, A, D, S, C, A, L, E, ad scale. It's on Shopify. Yeah, you can find on Shopify, and that's Google and meta. Google and meta, I think it has some more functionalities that we haven't even done yet so far. Do you all

Speaker  210144:00
have email marketing also, though, play

Speaker  211232:00
video and everything? Yeah, a different coworker set that up. She was in charge of that. We accumulated emails on a past website, and so it's a dead list, and I'm not sure about the functionality, like how much we're doing there. It's just my coworker handles all of that, and

Speaker  215365:20
we've been killing it on email marketing since we I use logical position. They run my meta Google and email marketing. And the email marketing, they do great. We only send out, like, three a month, and some of it's just, like top trails. We it's not always product stuff. But when we're launching products, and we have, like, a 5% sign up rate for anybody going to our website, and when we send out email campaigns, we have hardly anyone unsubscribe. They've been, like, absolutely killing it. I wish I would have started email marketing, like soon for you on

Speaker  222794:40
that I know you said your list of 3000 to 11,000 is it just from sending traffic to your website for that 5%

Speaker  224752:00
off? Yes, from Shopify. Well, it's from, yes, we started getting more traffic to our website, but just,

Speaker  226816:00
I guess your sign up is

Speaker  227376:00
basically just, I have a pop up window 10% off, yeah, yeah. And then if you purchase, yeah, yeah. And then we have all the flows, you know, for abandoned car and all that kind of stuff as well.

Speaker  233621:20
Sorry, question for you, just more curious, I guess so your street, your your inventory was stranded at Amazon because they wouldn't let you sell your bundles. Could you have done MCF,

Speaker  237578:40
right? Yeah, we had a 60 day window that we were able to sell that stranded inventory, so we did try to, we dropped a price and and did a lot of. Yeah, I guess that's might have been what helped start it with a low price on our Shopify store, and then we did have to raise the price since we got the inventory back, there's no sense in selling it at a Okay,

Speaker  243360:00
so they let you hold it there for 60 days. You fulfilled through MCF

Speaker  244431:59
for those 60 days, and then it had to be removed from Amazon.

Speaker  245621:20
That's all that's wild. You think that? I mean, they're trying to get you to sign up for MCF. I'm surprised that they would.

Speaker  247045:20
Only, yeah, you're right. I can't imagine what that cost, because container that was accidentally sent created under the wrong any sentence. Luckily, they're relabeling everything, but it was gonna cost like $30,000 I
