Charles Chakkalo (compressed)_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  1440:00
To brand or not to brand is the question I've been asking myself for a while, because I'm at a crossroads everything in the Amazon orthodoxy has to do with having your own unique position, your brand story, a certain niche, and so on and so on. I feel like I'm in this spot where I'm being pulled in two separate directions. Two elements of my business is half of it is in retail, arbitrage or wholesale or retail is all the same practical, and the other isn't private label. So when people are talking about organic rank, I have real life experience of it. When people are talking about sell through rate, I have real life experience of it in two very different fields. When I need to pull a lever and scale and grow, I can either do it by buying more of other brands and reselling it, which is really easy, really predictable and really quick, or I can try to invest into my own brand. These are my partners in crime. I we recently opened a warehouse, a second warehouse, where we load trailers ourselves, and they're the ones allowing me to be in Milan while they actually work. So that's what they would say, maybe a little bit about me. I'm thankfully on track to be an A figure seller this year. Have 11 employees, a paralegal by training. I was about to go to law school, but then Amazon took over. I'm a staunch believer in retail arbitrage. I just, I honestly think it's a legitimate business, something to undertake, if done right, definitely more risk, but definitely more reward. I also got really pissed off at a bunch of Amazon agencies. I swear I know that there are good ones out there, so I started a newsletter earlier this year to just really rank on them and grow in public. And a fun fact about me, I love politics but but no campaign speeches here, all of which everything here contributes to my behavior as an entrepreneur, being entertaining of multiple perspectives, making sure nothing's dismissed out of hand, and not being afraid to learn. All right, cool. So that's actually, that's me on the forklift, and I'm shipping a full trailer of merchandise. This happens like once every seven to 10 days, on average. And we're actually loading up this Amazon trailer. It's going to go out and just to show you the amount of product you can move, you can imagine what that does to your gross margins, all right, 2023 go back a couple years. We had our we found our private label niche. We thought that was the way of the future. But our our domestic manufacturer, which sourced over 90% of our goods, cut us off. They forced us to go and find an alternative revenue and profits went down 20% that year. We needed to make a decision back then, we also had two revenue streams, retail arbitrage and private label. So we pulled the lever of retail arbitrage. We actually bought another location, expanded our capacity. And you're about to see the results just for the terms of the presentation. In when I'm talking about branding, I'm talking about exactly what I covered earlier, a unique value proposition, one unique theme across your entire brand, your entire product line, that's where I'm using. A plus premium telling a story, doing basically everything that they were saying yesterday, but again, like I was telling you, my spreadsheets were telling me a different story. Retail arbitrage basically means you buy something for $1 you sell it for two no PPC costs, no creative content. All you do is list high, high, high volume Asin. You look at the keep a sell through rate. That's how you place your POS, get the product, prep it. FBA, end of story. And you need a repricer. But that's easy in the end of the day, everything is basically commoditized, right? Like, if anybody from the US knows these are actually manufacturing the same place with a different sticker on it. In the other day, people are selling a mushroom coffee, a mushroom coffee and a mushroom coffee. It's all about the emotional experience when you're selling a private label product. I know that a little about my brand now I'm gonna actually start in the middle. About 31 years ago, dad came to America, pursuing the American dream, and opened up those stores across the Northeast. There are about six locations, but they have nothing to do with me in the immigrant way, dad said, I'll let you buy a license off me to use it online. So I did my. That is Joey, and then we created that really modern looking logo. We have a bunch of levers to pull. Do I pursue that modern looking logo? And you could go and look at my listings. It's stupid my listings, and there's a DTC site also put some work into it, but that's another lever I can pull when I get those two maybe I'll offer that a buyout so he can actually go and retire. Pass forward, I keep on going at retail arbitrage heavy. I know that there's an end date every brand will take their own control over Amazon one day. I'm convinced of it. I see it happening in front of me, but that's an option. I can just ride that wave out harder than I currently am. I can abandon it. I can just pursue my own branding. Say that retail arbitrage has an end, and I could just go into private label and just say retail arbitrage has an end. My focus is limited. Forget about retail arbitrage or hybrid right now. I just think the what the path that I'm on. I'm going to write it out till the end and try to vow to allocate whatever portion I can to private label a little bit about the financials and why I'm so mixed up, perplexed about this year to date, we opened our second location at the beginning of the year. My gross revenue and year on year profit went like that, because even though you'll see in the next slide, my margins actually went down because of my gross revenue, my year on year, profit went up 274% something you'll see a risk of retail arbitrage is the amount that Amazon's actually holding hostage because of brands and actually law firms going after my legitimate product that I bought, but listed on Amazon, that went up over 300% right now I have 130,000 sitting, sitting, doing nothing and actually costing me storage fees, not including the capital tied up into it. Retail arbitrage went up 17% year on year. Profit actually went down 1.64% but I don't remember. I don't care, my profit, actually, my absolute profit, wherever the CPA guy is, actually went up for private label. That did actually a lot better too. That went up year on year. Profit went down, but with an increase of 21% I don't really mind again. It's something to keep track of, but I don't really mind my line's on success. What I want? I want a stable cash cow. I want to be able to go to sleep and to think that if Amazon shuts me down the next day, I can I have a runway, and at the very, very worst, I can build something up again. Does that mean decreasing dependence on Amazon by building up a Shopify? Doesn't mean getting it to Tiktok shop for my private label? I'm not quite sure, because, in the end, we our private label is basically based around the idea now of you have a winning product. Now, do you need an identity to that product? Serial shoppers on Amazon, like I don't know, everybody's family members could look into look around their room. I'm not sure they remember where they get that bottle holder from the tablecloth. It's from Amazon, not a brand on Amazon. The floor is yours panel. And then, of course, I'll open up to everyone else here. Which lever should I pull? Thanks.

Speaker  138746:40
So I've just got one question before. I just got one question before I hand it over to these guys. Which business is more fun?

Speaker  142506:40
Hmm, fun. It's the same thing for in terms of fun,

Speaker  144026:39
it's the same thing for fun. You enjoy both businesses equally.

Speaker  144752:00
I do yeah for the most part, all right.

Speaker  146224:00
So you enjoy driving the lift, right?

Speaker  147008:00
Oh, yeah, it's real nice, yeah, yeah, but I get to do that for both. Yeah, you get to do that for both.

Speaker  148800:00
We discussed a little last night. Yeah, there is something about value creation. So if you want to exit one day, but that's probably going to be Scott's discussion more, obviously, a private label model will create more value. What I would do, as I mentioned, I would split. I would have two entities, two LLCs, one for and one account for retail arbitrage and one account for a private label. You can use the profits, all the money you make with retail arbitrage to leverage and build the private label. So I would definitely go hybrid. Yeah, that's how, that's how it happens now, but yeah, that really so you're probably on the right track. I mean, when I started Amazon, I was a restaurant owner. I was making zero money on Amazon, and I was making my money with my restaurant, and it took three years before I started being profitable. But I've used that leverage to to build that, that Amazon business that today is worth a few million dollars. So you have a good lever. Of course, there's an end to it. As you say, brands will come after you, for sure, for sure, you can try dealing with the brands so you manage them, or you you ask them for budgets to for ad spend, but you have a unique model, and no one dares to do that. It's a very risky model. Would you start over to today and to tomorrow and try it again?

Speaker  174890:40
Tomorrow from scratch? Now, Yeah, tomorrow from scratch. Now, but, but I'm not stopping,

Speaker  176320:00
yeah, you're making money, right? And you're driving the lift, all right?

Speaker  178096:00
I guess my first question, a lot of people look at ROI, I also get return on time. Which one? What's, what's got the higher return on time?

Speaker  180688:00
I have to say, retail arbitrage. Okay,

Speaker  181461:19
yeah. So you're putting probably that, you know, the profits are relatively equal. Are you getting the bulk of your time into the private label side? I am. Yeah, I am. Okay. So, you know, for me, obviously, you know, you've got your two separate LLCs. If I'm thinking about it from an exit perspective, private label allows for an exit to a third party. Sure that's the point of that model. On my retail arbitrage side, I always like to say, if you're not exiting to somebody else, you should be designing an exit to yourself. So and what I mean by that, I got the first idea in when I had my first company, my my father and my brother and I, we designed a 12 year exit plan where we dedicated a certain amount of our profits, just as if we were selling at a 3x multiple to somebody over a long period of payment. So what I'd be doing on my retail arbitrage size, I'd be saying that is my because ultimately, the business exists to serve you as the owner, to get to not have to work or do whatever you want to go do in life. So I'd be taking my retail arbitrage, if it's 20% of my time, I'd be harvesting the profits out of that, not just to feed private label, because then I'm not diversifying my risk. I'd be harvesting a portion of the profits of that to get that out of the business. And think of it literally value your private label at a two or two and a half multiple and dedicate to a four or five year plan to exit, but you're not exiting to somebody else because there's not a buyer, but you're feeding that money out of the system. And a lot of people I see that are in the hybrid we see a lot of people in the hybrid model, like you, and they're using all of their money over on the retail arbitrage cash side to make riskier and riskier and riskier bets on their private label side, which isn't giving you any diversification. So I'd really think about there is an exit for your retail arbitrage business, but it's a discipline of getting the money out of the system,

Speaker  210512:00
and that meaning take more and more risks on your private

Speaker  211600:00
label in terms of what they'll always, let's say you make a million dollars next year in the retail arbitrage. What a lot of people do is they'll go, Oh, I'm gonna go launch seven new products then on my private label side, so they're constantly re upping from left to right and not pulling anything out of it. So I'd be sitting in doesn't mean that you can't use some of your cash to try and drive your private label side, but I would be getting the cash out of the retail arbitrage. The only other thing I would question you on is when I hear you talk about both of them, it sure feels to me like you like retail arbitrage more than private label.

Speaker  220154:40
Oh, I think it's more gratifying. No, no, there's more gratifying, but it's I would play thrilling to do that, but I think it's an underrated field, but in my heart of hearts, to be just as I addressed earlier. I honestly believe that private label is the right choice, but I'm being pulled in a different direction by the stats and the profitability. I just am,

Speaker  226896:00
yeah, and so then my last comment would be, is, if you're going to be successful at private label, the difference between the two models is the core competency around not just brand development, but new product development and innovation, and do you feel like you're getting enough time to have a core competency in a niche in that? Or is this distracting you? Not distracting me? Yeah, so, and the other way that I'd look at your retail arbitrage then is, if it mostly runs itself, you either going to have to staff up to get that innovation and redact yourself up a level, or what you got to do is you got to get somebody, if the retail arbitrage is a little bit easier to train, keep getting your time down so that your return on your time, on your arbitrage keeps going up by basically getting it to where it's driving cash for you as an owner. But it's not really taking up, you know, the bandwidth of the new product development because you're. Risk in sticking with arbitrage too long is that you're going to fall behind in private label. And so you can have discipline to get money out of the company, and discipline to keep your time on the core things that drive a value in a private label company, which is brand and new product innovation. All right, thanks.

Speaker  244752:00
So got one question, and I know Don will go to Jay's question on that. So fourth experiment, let's suppose you were to wind down your RA business, get the cash out, and then you were to focus completely on private label. What do you think you would be able to do extra for the private label business? What and the what would be the advantages, as opposed if you carried on with the hybrid

Speaker  250789:20
or I have my own I have my own logistics. I have, I have two warehouses that I can know.

Speaker  252010:40
What would be the bonus you you would still enjoy that if you kept both? What I mean is if you decided to go all in on private label, yeah, what would be the bonus for the private label business? That wouldn't happen if you carried on running both, what would the extra time and protect the potentially, potentially extra money that you could put into it mean for the private

Speaker  257360:00
label business? Oh, definitely, more product, more product and more channels, more product launches and more channels. That's, that's the first thing my mind thinks of, yeah.

Speaker  259712:00
So, so do you have an idea of how many more products you could join and which channels specifically you could get into if you had more time?

Speaker  261408:00
Oh, DTC is actually on top of my list right now, after this conference, I'm thinking Tiktok shop should replace that, but I don't know yet. And in terms of how many more products I have two or three that in mind, but never had the will to go, to go and pursue them.

Speaker  266693:20
What about opening a new door? Here you're an operator. You receive boxes, you open boxes, you apply fn labels, yep, you pack boxes and you put them in the trucks. Starting in January, Amazon will stop doing prep. I know I was very happy. Why don't I do prep and the three PL services. Instead of private label, you become a three PL. I don't want you have tons of friends here. You know, you don't want to do that? No, no, I'm just a fixed revenue per unit that you move, no capital. You don't need to invest in inventory.

Speaker  276960:00
Sebastian, the reason why I don't use a three PL is because I don't trust any other three PL. I have horror stories, and probably everybody in this room has a horror story, of people renting a U haul and picking up their stuff from a three PL and never going back. No, no. Ephraim is a great guy. It's not, it's good.

Speaker  282325:20
But get you, I purchased my own warehouse. Yeah, staff. I don't trust Amazon to do my my my prep. No three PL to do my prep. I do my own prep. I could also do prep for others, but you need systems and but if you're an operator, it might be another. If your heart is not there, no, my

Speaker  287210:39
heart's not there. I could probably do it, but, all right, it's not there. I guess

Speaker  288288:00
my last comment would be very clearly is this is where I think the value and many sellers don't do it disciplined enough, the value of forecasting comes in. I think you start on your private label side with how many new products can I get out with my current capacity? What is my growth trend? And literally take this conceptual discussion to a mathematical discussion and calculate out what your growth rate is, what your expected exit is, versus your retail arbitrage time, so you can truly see which one is a higher return on time, cash flow. I agree with you that that same hour doesn't lead to an exit, and that same hour over here does. I think you've got to build a strategic finance plan over the next two to three years. My biggest concern is, and with all credit to your success, it's a relatively small company to try and manage two business models. So, you know, trying to get up to a larger level on one of those business model, you know, you need to have a finance plan on what you would do that, because the cash that you need to drive the private label side, as you know, is pretty significant. It is, yeah, and you got to make sure that it's either it's not always being funded from your retail arbitrage, it also deserves its own think of it as its own business that might apply for a loan from my arbitrage if it qualifies. But you have to think about them that way. So I'd probably put quite a bit of time into forecasting that, thinking about how to finance that independently, as if it was a standalone entity, and then calculate the return on the investment of over a three year period, or two three year period, including the exit value, and then see which one is a higher return on your time. Nice.

Speaker  313685:20
Okay, cool. But, I mean, I something I'd actually add to you is, you know, it's a family business. We don't plan on selling at least anytime soon. We just, like I said, if anything, I want to build it and just have that stable, predictable cash flow.

Speaker  317338:40
Yeah, advice still stands. Advice still stands because you're still building value. How you decide to extract that value as a separate question, and you may decide to. Extract that value, like I said, By selling yourself over time. But you know, the, I think the advice still stands that ultimately, you're, you're creating an asset, and that asset has, you know, value creation is still relevant how you decide to harvest it. First of all, you may change your opinion on that, because Amazon might change, and you might decide you want to do something different, to go D to C, but you know, you're still always trying to think about it as its own business with value creation. Thanks.

Speaker  327029:20
I was just curious, like, how, like, legitimate is the retail arbitrage? Yeah, how hard to say? Well, like, you have partnership with these brands, right? They know you're taking their product and selling it

Speaker  329717:20
on Amazon. Yes? Some No. Some, I go through distributors, and some of the brand direct,

Speaker  330821:20
and those are, like, legitimate distributors,

Speaker  331450:40
or, yeah, yeah, legitimate distributors. If, if, if Amazon, if a customer thinks that a shampoo doesn't smell right, and they say that it's inauthentic in a in a product review,

Speaker  334506:40
back from a brand standpoint, why not rams?

Speaker  335354:40
I know that I'm just walking you through the process. Customer sends me a buyer message, even that it doesn't smell right, they suspect it's not authentic. Amazon will give me a warning. I fight the warning with my documentation, even Amazon accepts the documentation as valid.

Speaker  339504:00
Yeah, I guess I'm just curious for like, the long term stability, like, if a brand doesn't think you got the product through means that they intended you to get it like they might try to shut you down,

Speaker  342149:20
right? The reality of it is, I'm fighting an uphill battle, even though I got it legitimately. Okay, that's the reality of it, but the numbers show you what the battle is like. Okay, yeah, you do, because there's less long term, right? I uttered the line before. It's higher risk and higher reward.

Speaker  348298:39
How old are you? Guess? 2829 Okay, what do you want to be doing when you're 50? Which one of these? Because ra seems like a lot of hustle. It's hustle. It's hustle. Yeah, you you'll be 50 before you know it.

Speaker  353248:00
Yeah, I'm afraid I'm looking at three, oh, like it's the barrel of a gun.

Speaker  354751:59
Just, I would say, think about where you want to be when you're 50. Do you want to be doing? Which one of these could you see yourself

Speaker  356528:00
when I'm 50? I'm, I'm, I'm on Madison Avenue at a corner office. My man, what's up? Does your dad still have those stores? Yeah, yeah, can't touch them.

Speaker  359477:19
Have you leveraged those to open wholesale accounts? Because that's an issue I run into. Is a lot of brands, they want you to have retail stores, so you kind of have an edge no one else has. I don't know.

Speaker  361893:19
I'm sure it's coming to good use. We actually, we operate out of the same like he has the ground storefront level of one location, and we act our office is actually the second floor, so we get around that that way. Our office is literally right on top of a storefront. So that

Speaker  366778:40
works. Gotcha, I don't know much about US company structure, but I know a fair amount about UK company structure, in terms of what Scott was saying about extracting value, one thing that you could do is you could set up a holding company or a family office company within your structure. You can then pass dividends from one company to the next without tax, and that can then be used so you can effectively buy yourself out. That can then be used to be a stable cash flow. Invest in real estate or whatever.

Speaker  374581:20
It's being done in some way, but I have to explore it more to figure out what the advantages you're referring to are and how that would work in the US system.

Speaker  376997:20
Sounds to me like you're leaning more towards Ra, but

Speaker  377909:20
so, yeah, so I'll just tell you, like, a minute story about myself. So I started RA in college. 2013 we scaled it. We were doing eight figures in Ra. We had a warehouse employees. We had a fake retail store to open up accounts. And we, we've done it, we've done it all, yeah? And joining MDs, you know, you get to see the Ivans, the JS the earthshads of the world, yeah, and it's like, dude, I'm never, I'm never gonna get there with RA. And so what we did, which was irrational, irrational, quote, unquote at the time, was, even though Ra was eight figures profitable, it's like, we shut it down overnight, fired everybody, closed the warehouse and went all in on private label, and all my friends that were in the RA space doing a figures all that 80% of them have quit. I believe you, and yeah, and that's, that's been my experience. You know, you could say it was irrational, kind of quitting and whatnot, but it was the best thing I ever did for, like, freeing up mind space and like, kind of burning the boats and going all in, you know? And now, now we do, you know, we do well. And so

Speaker  396538:40
let me push back. You did that because you saw the Ivins and the everyone else in this room, which I was just as shocked as you are about. And I keep on being floored by,

Speaker  398570:40
yeah, yeah. And I mean, we had started dabbling it, and it was starting to grow. It was no. Near what Ra was, but, but the writing is on the wall. You know, it is, and

Speaker  400943:59
I agree with that. But my, my point of confusion is, do I just ride this wave out while building the TL,

Speaker  402559:59
well, I think, but I think that's like, a false thing. At least it was for me, it would still drag my attention. And PL, if you really want to crush it, if you want to really succeed, it's going to take your all in, you know, focus. So for me, I was kind of lying to myself to keep it going, because we said, oh, maybe I could sell it to my employee and he can run it. And, you know, but, yeah, just shutting it down was for me, huh? Yeah, yeah, we're doing well. So yeah, we do, we do eight figures in private label, eight figures. Bottom line, you know, like, not eight figures. Bottom line, multiple, seven figures. I got you so, yeah, that's

Speaker  413418:39
right, yeah. And just a comment to that. I talked about it yesterday. There's a hybrid transaction where you can bring in somebody that will run it for you. You might not have to shut it down, but you shut down your time on it. Get your time where you want to give up 1520, points, or whatever it happens to be. And there's, you know, a lot of people out there that you know have the capability, and then if they run it down, it's, you know, shutting it down is what you needed to shut down, was your time. It had an economic costs. You can shut down your time, bring in somebody that you give points to on it, however many points you need to give away, and then it just does what it is, but it's you get your time out. I think that's the consistent message that everybody's here. Is that when you really look at the return on your time, you're probably return on your time. It should be shifting more over to the

Speaker  426293:20
privately. Yeah, say so I was also a reseller face the position, that kind of choice, I was forced to make it, but I'm in private label, all in now, my question to you is, how much do you believe in your private label category, and how did you select it?

Speaker  431210:39
I believe in it a lot, because I have that recognition, especially in the northeast, of being the affordable home goods space without compromising quality. That's our message. And I believe with whatever private label activity we've done till now, I have that kind of brand equity. I was shocked. There was a woman here I was, we were walking to dinner the other night. She goes, and I'm explaining her basically everything I told you guys over the past half hour. And she goes, so by the way, what is your private label brand? I go, Joey. She goes, you sell caddies. I'm like, I do. She goes, I love it. My sister in law loves it. I live in the UK. She lives in Canada. You sell internationally, right? I said, Yeah. And she goes, I love it. I can't wait for the next product you launch. And I'm like, I guess it's working. Yes. Start those forecasts. I told my brothers that. They said, Did MDS Give it? Give you a plant? I'm like, Oh, no.

Speaker  447338:40
Is that because of the LinkedIn post? Is that because of LinkedIn, I don't know. I had nothing to do with that LinkedIn post, nothing at all.

Speaker  449600:00
All right, thank you, Charles. All right. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. You're awesome. You.
