Dimitri Vorona
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1344:00
Cool. So I hope you guys aren't asleep, because I'm sort of like passing out. But here's the thing, how many people have changed their titles since, okay, a little bit less than half the room. Have you guys seen any changes? Like, any better, worse? No. So both. Okay, cool. All right. So, yeah, we, we kind of addressed this. I'll show you how I did it. Remember, since 2020, started company 94 I sold the 96 I've exited a bunch of stuff. I've shiny object syndrome, and I play lead guitar in a grunge band. Let's see. Keep going. Yeah. Okay, so I just wanted to show you like, before and after with one of my products, just to show you what we did, worked really well. And I'll show you another product that was like crazy. So beforehand, we had like, right? We did a little bit earlier, we wanted to give ourselves at least a week before Amazon actually implemented the change. So you can see we had like 118 sessions. We had like 38 sales, or 47 or whatever the heck that is, on a parent level. Prior to change, 47 average orders a day, 130 average sessions, and 17 conversion. Week after we made the change, we went to 50 341 17 and a month later, we're up to 70 263 average and 19. We're quite a bit higher now, but the point is, super nervous about changing a title. Like, I've titles been like that forever, right? Like keyword stuffed and everything else. The deal is, can't have the same word twice, right? We kind of took a little bit of risk, because we said plural and singular words are going to be considered. We're going to consider them two different completely words. And I don't have a good way to describe a dog bone. Without saying dog bone. I could say dog's bones. Like there really isn't a lot for us. So it was very nerve wracking. I just didn't know what was going to happen, and we decided to do across the whole thing. So anyway, that's the results. So here's how we did it. The first thing you want to do is set a baseline for your current titles. Right? I have to record like a control group and say, here's where we are right now. This is what we're doing. These are the keywords. This is how we're kind of ranked, and what we're targeting. And we'll pull that data down from from Jungle ace. Basically it's an sqp report. You can pull down the sqp report that's now available on an API. So that's really cool that that's become available last week, basically. So we're implementing that. But you can see we've got the keyword dog bone, large dog bones, long lasting, blah, blah, blah, right? All these keywords, I care about the market. I care about my brand. I care about the conversion rate for the market and the conversion rate on our Asin. So what I'm trying to do is identify the keywords that were good performers or bad performers. You've heard me say this stuff so many times over. So we identified the market, the brand, using the search query performance, and then this is our current title right now. And you can see we've got doubles. We've got dog one, two, I don't know, three times, four times, dogs a couple times, like we are absolutely going to get hit with whatever is going to happen. There's a couple side effects, by the way, to these changes with the AI, which I'll talk about in Rufus in a positive way because of what we did. So what do we do? We identified performing root keywords. So based on that report from sqp and all the long tail keywords, we wanted to come in and identify common root words that were working and find a total number of sales for those routes. So that's a partial list we looked at, like hundreds of long tail keywords. I just pulled out a couple examples for you that were blue. And we found that the word long lasting resulted in 151 sales. We found that like aggressive chewers, large dogs, right? Basically, we want to use those keywords as a basis for picking new long tail keywords that we're going to target on our new title. The theory was that the keywords were already performing more for we should just double down on them. Because, I mean, let's see if we can do better things to consider no more than two duplicate keywords, as per Amazon rules, the first 90 characters are the most important for mobile because that's what people are going to see. Plural singular keywords are considered unique. That's the decision we made to see if that was the case or not. Say again, it is. Yeah, natural language is best, if possible. First to admit, it did a shitty job at that. So our next go around will be more of that, and that's all about Rufus and the AI, which I'll talk about in a minute. Choose keywords tied to your listing, images, EBC, content. What does that mean? That means that I know that when we are being searched on a certain keyword, that person is thinking about whatever that keyword is in their mind, and they're going to see our hero image. And if our hero image is not giving them the most close resemblance to that word, they're not going to click on us and the listings as well. So I just want to be mindful of the fact that, yeah, maybe long lasting is a keyword that showed up, but if I don't have anything referencing long lasting bone in my listing, I'm not going to convert, right? So I also want to kind of consider that when picking keywords our new title, right? Long. Last thing, large, blah, blah, blah, blah. We went ahead, right? I just put this up here so you can see, like the relationship, and we rewrote our title. So this is our old title, our new title. There's no duplicates. It's a little shorter, but the most important stuff is in that first 90 characters with no doubling. And yeah. So this took a while. Here's again, the same chart, again as we started with right prior to change, week after month after positive results, I'm like, yeah, that worked. Thank God. Let's do it for everything else. So another example, we did this to all of our ASINs, including the kneecaps for dogs. The following is another example for kneecaps for dogs. Prior to the change, we had 32 point whatever average orders, 85 average sessions, 41% average conversion. Now, week after, went to 49 almost 50 149 sessions, 36% month after, we 70 orders a day, 111 average sessions. Now we're at 64% average conversions. This happened on every single one of masons. So, man, this was great. Was great. I didn't know this was going to happen. This actually worked really, really, really well. So what's my point to all this? My point is, sometimes Amazon actually is trying to help you, if you just follow their rules, it won't break. So that was actually really surprising for me. So the takeaway is, Amazon rule changes, something as important as title, is really scary, but with the data supported, then you can make the change and improve your sales. And that's what happened. But some variations, like triple in sales use data like you have to make informed decisions. You can't just close your eyes and hope look at you've got data that's like your listing for the last whatever number of years. You can pull all that data down, you can look at it and change your titles. Record pre change performance, right? You have to be able to compare like before and after, so you make sure you don't forget to take a current snapshot so you can see the difference. Make the change. Track results update, if necessary. Value added. I don't know how many of you guys have played with operator,

Speaker  113664:00
wow. Do you guys know what operator is

Speaker  115087:59
okay? Operator is crazy. It's an AI agent, what? It's sick. It's totally sick. Operator is an AI agent, what's an AI agent, it's an it's my employee. I can go into operator and say, which I've done now I'm rebuilding my VAs jobs and pushing it to operator. I can say to operator, go on Google. Search on Google, find me Dog suppliers in the US. Copy the contact information, the email, the phone number, their address, paste it all into a Google Sheet. Do it for 50 of them. Go, this thing goes, and it says, log me into your sheets. And then I leave it alone, and I've got the results right. Go on Amazon. Look on Amazon, and record all the badges for me. Where the badges disappear. Email me that moment, let me know. Tell me what my whatever, whatever you can think of these agents should do. And I've got like, 50 of them going, it's really going. It's really amazing. My point to tell you about agents is everything I just showed you. I can have an agent do it all right, and I can have an agent do it consistently. Grab my API from the sqp report, run those keywords, compare it against my titles, see what's going on on my competition. Give me a bunch of options for the title changes. So if you haven't tried operator, it's 200 bucks a month. Best money ever spent. I pay 1000s of dollars for VAs per VA, like 200 bucks a month, sure, any day, any day. There's also a UK version. Can't remember what the hell it's called. If you reach out to me after this, I'll tell you what it is. It's like 20 bucks a month. So it works. It works. I think. Anyway, this is what the agent looks like. That's just an example of why I told you they worked 25 minutes to find us manufacturers of dog bones. Is this operator better than Google deep research? I think so. I

Speaker  142458:40
have two questions. One, did you did AB test the title, or did you go straight to the new title? And the second one, I saw an increase in conversion rates in your data. Why do you think a title change would cause a conversion rate uplift?

Speaker  146976:00
I did not AB test the title because I didn't have enough time. Amazon announced this, and they're like, you have three weeks to do it like shit. Okay, I need an AB test that runs longer than that. So no, that was the nervous part about it. Do I really wanna do this? What Why do I think we are doing better with conversion? Because now we've added keywords that weren't necessarily in my title before up in front on the mobile device. So again, if somebody's looking for a long, lasting bone, and that's how they find hours, now we're matching better with our listing. Okay,

Speaker  154101:20
so you're attracting an audience which is more aligned, okay.
