Eric Hwang
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1360:00
I just prepared, like some I just wanted to share my strategy on like a PPC, as I mentioned, like I'm just like a five years or five years experience. But this is like for the sellers who are managing the PPC by themselves, not through the agency, and how to make a scalable and them simple. So I'm Eric, and I'm selling sports and auto category. I have a one wife, two daughters and the two dogs,

Speaker  9717:20
and this is just

Speaker  10741:20
for now, yeah,

Speaker  11498:39
so seven rules in PPC

Speaker  12586:40
before, like, introducing my seven rules. Just wanna share my performance. I'm not sure this is like a good enough, but in, you know, MDS standard, but like, 8% tacos have, like a 2000 campaigns throughout, like, you know, nine countries, 700 campaigns in us. I only have, like a six parent, Asian, so this is the accessible amount of campaigns. Only two people managing PPC, like, including myself, about what my one the other BA, like, only, like, spends like a 50% of her time. So why seven rules I got? Because I consider, like a quantity is more important, like them complexity, because a quantity, you can scale it, but like a complexity, it takes a lot of costs, like it's expensive. And those are simple, several rules kind of ensure VAs clearly understand the rules. And it is I'm not really evaluating my PPC Manager with the taco result. But like, if she or he or she is following my rules, if she follows rules and you know, my the taco resources role, it's okay, number one rule, create as many as possible. Some people just disagree with that. But like, this is like a kind of simple thing. Like, you can just create a lot like, without thinking too much about, like, a specific strategy. So how to make, how to create a lot like, you just make the campaigns by, like a child aces. If the there's a price significant, like a price difference, or, like a main image difference, I just make it all separately and use all campaign campaign types, sponsor products, sponsor brand and the sponsor display for Max traffic. So for the quantity issues, idea, you can just hire like a three to $5 like a placi know, or like, you know, Pakistani vas. So max out keywords per campaign. So I start with like 100 300 keywords, and the gradually expand what you know search terms that you collect. And it's very important to name the campaigns like you know intuitively. So so your new like a VA to join your company like a, I don't really have to explain a lot. So for example, Kat p1 dash four. Dash PK is my skill number, and the SP is a sponsored products, manual targeting, keyword targeting, and TKT B is abroad. So I start with a very low bids. I only aim for like a 5200 impressions per day per campaign, because I make a lot. So you know, five to 5200 impression is not so small number. So in this way, like you can avoid the abandoning keywords too soon by, like starting with the higher bids. My suggested bids is like, it really depends, depends on the products. But throughout all my products, it almost the same, like all the product world is a 20 cents. Phrase is a 25 cents. Exact, 30 cents. And video, 40 cents. And if you cannot make any orders, like after you spending 10% on price, I just you know, choose, like a lower, choose to lower the bids. So like a lower, like a 10 to 20 cents, depending on the campus, and the increase of bids by like 10 cents per order on this aqueous is not over like a 10% so when you make sales on certain keywords, you just increase. So if it is exact, like it's going to be 40 if you make two orders, 53, orders, 60, after four orders, apply rule number five. So basically, bid is like a CPC multiply targeted ACOs divided by ACOs. So for example, like you know this, ACOs is 13% and the CPC is 70 cents. Then follow that like a formula. It's going to be 26 cents. Everything is like a same formula. So, like, your fees can follow the your strategy. So this is, like, an example of, like, the targeted ACOs at 5% but like, it really depends on the seasonality and how, how you want to, like, set up the target a cause. So what's kind of, you know, good targeted a cause. So first of all. You got to assess your listings, like a market competitiveness, like, very objectively, it depending on, like, a number of reviews and the writings of writing, review writings of your listing and the listing quality, or, like, actual product quality. So for example, like you think, like, you know, in the main keywords you deserve, like rank three, then you got to aim at like a rank three, not like a rank one. I mean, otherwise that you will just overspend, like your your PPC budgets, so but even if your product is best in the market, like, avoid aiming for rank one. I mean, this is just my rule, because if you aim at like a rank one, like you can overly, like, you know, spend your budget because some of the sellers not experienced, then the sum of sellers, I can focus on their keywords too harshly. And, you know, unreasonably, like, set the base too high. So the better strategy is aim for rank two if you are the best in the market. So this is like a kind of, you know, you just make a spreadsheet, and, you know, make all the changes. When you make all the changes to share with your VAs. Put the order like, you know, the change, changing things in the spreadsheet, and so everybody can share. So take away is, like a number one, create a lot. It fully matters. Number two, time is actually cheap. Expertise is expensive. So by time, so by time of like your outsourced vas. So a rule must be clear to be a rule. So it has to be simple, no exemptions. Once your rule is set, if you find like a little kind of improvement space, I mean, you cannot just compromise like with that, because it confuses everybody. So a lot of mistakes, but focus on prevention. So this kind of strategy makes a lot of manual changes. So sometimes, like, people put like a $20 when they supposed to, like a 20 cents, and you spend like a 200 or $300 so whenever you make a manual change, you just go to the like a PPC campaign chapter, like the CPC. Make it a lot of CPC, and you can see anomaly.

Speaker  115135:59
So I like fishing, so let me know question so you

Speaker  117776:00
have a parent with so many different Childs, and you are creating a campaign for each of the child,

Speaker  119013:20
yeah, not every child, but like, yeah,

Speaker  119989:19
focusing on a different hero image, so that you can attract different kind of customers, and

Speaker  121509:20
you can put a lot of your listings in the page. So like in one page, you have a once

Speaker  123066:40
when someone search one keyword, you're actually displaying more than one ad at some point in

Speaker  124618:39
time. Yeah, at the same time, yeah, a lot of ads, right?

Speaker  125370:39
So this is a great technique, but I find difficulty in this technique that it is gonna hurt your keyword ranking, because all of your child will compete for a keyword rank. So for example, if there is a fisher rod keyword and you're you have multiple charts, each will be competing for the rank with each other instead of your competitor. So if you put so, if each one converts equally, it will be much smaller number. If you just convert all of your keywords for the all of your marketing on a single lesson, which is, we call them Alpha Asin. So don't you feel that this technique is giving you great recalls? And I think different images can convert different kind of customers for the same product. Actually great idea. But I think I'm little concerned about what kind of challenges you're facing in keyword ranking, because now it's divided between the child essence.

Speaker  138005:19
So like, in my experience, like a per like, a, you know, the like a first page, and there's, like, you know, sponsor the ads, like, you know, like in the paralysis, right? Yeah. So every, like, a type of the campaign, like, every type of, like exposure, has a they just measure the rank, like, regardless of your your child is in So, for example, if you are in the rank three and the first page, you cannot put like your listing in other ads, right? So you are not competing with each other. So if you like a put like a, you know the product, product campaign and the product page, then you know you can only find like a one skill. There, one child child variation there. So that's why I think it's not competing each other. So

Speaker  151125:20
you're using different childs in different forms of marketing, not in the same form of marketing. You're not targeting the same keyword for different channels. Or you're probably using the

Speaker  153765:20
keywords are all same, regardless of the then they compete for the rank. But if you like, let's say like your black color is a 60 cents bids, and your blue card is 45 cents. Then only like you know that your black color will be showing. And I'm saying for the same keywords, only one child

Speaker  158586:40
shows no he's saying that his bids and everything are adjusting based on which is performing better. So naturally, it's going to adjust the bit and all. So that way, the top one is going to be the top, and the bottom ones are going to be there, and they'll just show lower down the page for someone who happens to go down there, but at least he's not losing out on that sale.

Speaker  163520:00
Yeah, but, but imagine if he's targeting one child is in and spending all his money on one child is right, it's gonna give a bigger boost on the ranking

Speaker  166373:20
versus if divide that as long as everyone sees it. But what about now the person that passed it? Now, what

Speaker  168453:20
you're not you're missing out on that sale.

Speaker  168821:20
But if you're not organically ranked, I don't know if we can make money with after paying 30% a cost or 20% acqua, amazing. It's very hard to achieve 30% 13% a cost. But usually the a cost is more like 20 to 25 and with that you cannot save anything. Yeah.
