Lee Assoulin
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1408:00
Hey guys, how's it going?

Speaker  2336:00
Great. Very, very happy for you all to be here. Very happy to be here.

Speaker  3632:00
So

Speaker  4319:59
go to me. So my name is Lee. Been a member of MDS. I thought it was 2015

Speaker  6549:19
but evidently 2016

Speaker  7173:19
born and raised New Yorker, managing an agency that manages 160 million in revenue annually with 30 employees, one of which is right over there. I'm a father of two boys and a husband to an Australian wife, and in my high school yearbook, which not many people know, my class, delegated that I would be I would own my own business in 10 years. And so I've always had an entrepreneurial mindset. Yet for the 10 years between high school and well, college, really. And then after college, I worked for a bunch of different people, and it was awful. And so I'll kind of go into my journey in a minute, but really, it's kind of like, Who's this presentation for? Because, like, scaling one $60 million agency, truly, I know there's a lot of sellers out there that are, I don't say, hurting, but have cash flow issues, and therefore have, you know, people that they work with and have resources in order to do some agency work. So something like that. That's one of the reasons Ian asked me to and Eugene asked me to give this presentation. Another one is sellers evaluating their current agency just giving some kind of like tips of how to take a look at those, and then also sellers looking to scale their own teams and operations and sort of some of the things I've done over the past 11 years of stumbling into this. So I don't know if you guys have seen this type of, like, entrepreneurial journey, but it's not. It's one of those things is like, like the 11 year overnight success story that people like, Wow, how'd you do that? It's like, it was awful at times. But I really started off selling wholesale, and then I went to a tech startup, and then I worked for a clothing brand, and then I discovered Amazon, and then I had no money. I had like, $40,000 of debt and a laptop so I couldn't make my own products when everybody was making, like, air fryers and weighted blankets. So instead, I said, I'll do it for you, and I'll take a cut. And so I started that my first client was, like, the worst. My dad always says first client, worst client. I was like, $1,500 retainer, a draw against future commissions of 3% and it was like, and I live in Manhattan, so like, that was, it was really, really bad. And so over time, I slowly scaled and and have really kind of built something out that was, I wanted to be sustainable, and I never wanted it to I'm not one to sell the agency. That was never my goal. It was more to scale as a lifestyle and just generate an income. So that's my story. My favorite quote, it takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently. And so I literally live my life by that. So just to say like, not only to be a good person, to other people, to your employees, to clients, kind of everybody that's been my kind of ethos and allows me to do this. The reality of writing agency, it kind of sucks at times. I don't know if you guys have seen this scene in succession, but like, he looks and says, like, I need a pain sponge. And that's what I feel like agencies are, is like we just kind of absorb all the shit that is given when things are down and all the stress. So on your own side of things, if you guys do work with an agency, understand that there are limitations to what Amazon kind of does. It's not all our fault, and like we're kind of at the behest of them. So if you're looking to go into that, it's not quick, quick cash grab. Many agency owners start out necessity. I really believe that authenticity matters, and that if you don't have time, don't do it and always under promise and over deliver. That's how you build a good reputation. And so just like just, I say, be a good person, but like a lot of a lot of people, just go and take the retainers. And that's why I think a lot of people, I don't know if in this room, how many people in this room work with an agency,

Speaker  71493:20
fair amount, and so how many people

Speaker  72005:20
like working with an agency?

Speaker  72885:20
Cool. Yeah. So it's for that very reason that I don't think a lot of people do. They just over promise? They constantly tell you that they're going to do these amazing things. So how do you figure out whether or not, like they're good or not, right? Well, here's here's warning signs of bad agency. They over promise, like they'll double, triple your business. They give these like, lofty goals of things that you yourself or other friends of yours. Didn't say to you, if they're promising those things, it's most likely unrealistic. Amazon today is not Amazon of 2016 and there's no super crazy magic sauce like there used to be. It's very formulaic. And so you really have to do the brand building on your side of things and not just rely on your agency to do all that work for you. You really also need to ask, like, how often, like, how long people have been tenured at the company. And I do find it wild. A lot of people don't ask to talk to their account manager. So you'll go and you'll talk to a salesperson, right? You'll talk to me, and then I don't end up working on your account. And then you get, you know, shafted, and you get stuck with a 23 year old, like, right out of college that just started selling on Amazon six months ago. Like, that sucks, right? So just ask, before you sign, to talk to and like your account manager and make sure that there's somebody that you actually jive with, ask them questions and don't do it with, like the boss on the line, but like you that's what you're paying for. This is the person you're gonna work with, and then also figure out, like, how pricing structures align with your own goals, like, you want profitability or you want growth, and like, how big are your margins? What are they charging? So it has to be a win, win for everybody. And usually it's more of just like a flat rate and pretty, pretty bleak. What happens My Account Manager leaves, like, what systems and softwares you use? How automated are things? People kind of do this, edit, forget it, and they'll work with a lot of people, like perpetual and things like that. I don't but like, that's a my own thing, and I find that a lot of on the PPC side, there's automation to the point of, we're not even really dealing with your account. And that's not, that's not what you're paying for. So you can kind of do that yourself. And then also, what's your longest tenure client? If you can ask for ask them, like, can I want a referral? Who can I talk to and get one of those. I mean, I highly doubt any of you have ever done that, but do it and they'll probably give you somebody and grow that person so incentive alignments, align goals. I can't tell you enough how many times I've been asked, and I don't know how many of you have asked, I need you to grow my business, but I also need to be profitable. And those things, they can go hand in hand. If you're doing work off of Amazon, but when you're doing it on Amazon yourself, you're asking for, like, a positive and a negative. It doesn't make sense to do that, and so you need to be realistic with what you're what you're asking for, fee structures at work. Again, a lot of you work, is it PPC agencies, or you guys work with full account management? Anybody work with full account management? Just one really cool well, there's either flat retainer or percentage of sale, so I won't go too far into that. And then any of you looking to start an agency charging too little is a mistake. I can't, I can't stress that enough, like $1,300 was a joke. And then quality over quantity. I don't say the smaller the agency, the better. But like, if you were able to get the owner on the phone on a weekend, which you can, I'm saying with me, but like, it's annoying when that happens. But if you can, it's a sign of, like, Okay, well, it's kind of all man, all hands on deck type of situation, as opposed to, is a big conglomerate that manages a lot, and you're more of a line item on a P and L. So we had a, we had a client who left and went to a very large agency, and their product was down. Their entire catalog was out of stock in December. And I spoke to the person I know that still works there, and I said, what happened? They said it was a mismanagement, and they lost a million dollars in sales. I was like, Do you know why that never would have happened with me? It's because that million dollars of sales I took a percentage on that. I would have driven to your fucking warehouse to, like, pack boxes. But for the big agencies, like, alright, they lost a they lost 50 grand. They lost 40, like, to them, it's a lot. It's a small line item on something that's larger. So say no more than you say yes. So this, I think, applies to most of you, which I'll kind of get into, is like, how to build a high performance team. I always reference the bulls because I don't know if you guys ever watched last dance, but like, none of these guys would have played with anybody sub par. And so when you're building out your team, have that same mentality and don't settle for kind of really mediocre people, and I've done it, and I'm not saying I'm amazing at this, but over 11 years, I've really tried very hard to hire slow and fire fast. Actually, one of my rocks last quarter was to fire two people, because I'm just bad at it, and I need to be better. Are at cutting out people that are not good, which I don't think a lot of people do enough, and so I'll go into an org chart on the next slide. But obviously, who do you need to manage an account, PPC, operations. I think that data, depending on your size, is critical to own compliance for a lot of people. And then customer experience. Customer service is not the right word. We have a customer experience person, and they handle everything from coupons to deals to customer service to account health, like they just look at all of those things and then delegate those up

Speaker  170069:20
and then balancing offshore in house talent,

Speaker  171066:40
like I said, higher, slow, fire, fast. So,

Speaker  172186:40
well, none of you guys can see this, but

Speaker  172800:00
that's why I have this, like center for ants meme, but you guys can scan that, and this will give you the Miro board that I have, and you can zoom in on your own. Take a look at that. I'll give it a second for everybody to do, 543, cool, all right, I know this is very small, so I'm going to kind of step in and just explain. But what I have here is like, like, kind of phase 1234, of like, 11 years of building it out, just so you guys can see, like I am obviously here, there's an integrator role, there's an operations head of operations, there's compliance, and then I have down here is all the like listing optim like, kind of listing folk that fix all the listing issues and broken that up with a project manager, logistics, And then customer experience, and then kind of, off Amazon. I don't could say, like, join brands person, but like doing other things, should I say? And that's this kind of, really, and then there's, here is data analysis, data analysts, I believe, if I'm not mistaken. And then over here is account manager. So this is really like an EOS accountability chart, but like how I've structured out the operations side of things, no one's in a silo. No one just only works on one account, and it's more of everybody's working on kind of everything and sharing resources of knowledge base for what we learn, as opposed to, like, you only have one. And then there's marketing, PPC managers, PPC folks, and then listing optimization and that. And then finance. So like, again, how you structure your team? A lot of people don't structure their Amazon teams. In this regard, I found over the course of years, this just really helps you be a lot more efficient, and helps your team with their knowledge base. Like I said, this is Eos, so nothing new to how many people are implemented EOS? How many people tried and then it failed? Anybody? All right, if you're not on Eos, I can't recommend it enough. Totally changed my entire business and my life like I had four employees before, before implementing it, and I would work like a like a dog, and now I don't as much. And then also go into tech sex, how I manage multiple large accounts without bottlenecks. I was the biggest bottleneck. And so I can say, like, delegation. I said it earlier, but getting a EA is awesome and just critical. But also, like, just hiring really great people, even if it's uncomfortable. Actually, Erica, a friend of mine, who's also here, mentioned, like, the next hire she wants to make is somebody that makes a salary that makes her uncomfortable, which I really think, like do that and level yourself up and allow for that room, for you to have space in your head to execute more. Because with this extra time that I've had with even EA I've been able to really grow my business, I don't say 50% but close

Speaker  226240:00
tech stack, which

Speaker  226736:00
I don't know how many of you guys are using this, but I'll just go through this relatively quickly. We built our own SQL database just because I didn't want to pay for all these softwares, and then I ended up paying for all these softwares. It sucks. AZ, seller kit is absolutely incredible, and I highly recommend it, but it's really kind of up to you guys. Seller, seller. Rise in televi data, dive, data over scale, insights, chat. GPT. Blank space is a Filipino recruiting agency that also just handles like my they don't even recruit for me anymore. I now have a full time HR person, which, again, at scale that really like just helps, because I am not one to really like, be like, happy birthday and intend like them a gift. It's just not me. And so I wouldn't say she's like the glue, but she's like the mom of the family. And really. Helping. But blank space used to help me recruit. Now they just handle payroll and like, when their hurricane hits, like, I make sure that all the employees have, like a place to go and like internet and a home. So they help organize all that join brand obviously

Speaker  244816:00
loom and notion

Speaker  245408:00
how we scale SOPs internally, is only via loom. And then we take those transcripts, throw that into chat, GPT, but beforehand, we should just take those and throw it into notion with a link. Loom just makes it easy and make it three minutes long and Max, because if it's short, and then you could do part one, part two, part three, part four. There's parts of that process that'll change, because Amazon changes, but then you have to re record a 10 minute video of you doing something. You just change that one part. And I only have the attention span to watch a three minute video on 2x speed. So if I have that, it's not fair to employees, you just give them a 12 minute video. Helium, 10. Superhuman, if you don't have this, that's insane. It's like the best email layer ever. Slack notion, expand five for LTV, click up and then jungle ace for sqp analysis. Cool these. I really

Speaker  262389:20
don't love these slides, but whatever

Speaker  262965:20
I gave this to my my EA to make these images, and just didn't really kind of get around to changing them. So when we take over an account, we always do a deep dive to look at, like sqp data and figure out where there's holes and gaps, and we do an audit, even if you're working with the agency you like, even if you have your own internal team, there's no reason to not go take free audits from people and just get learnings and insights. I do these all time. I never charge for them. I'm not saying this isn't a sales pitch. This is like everybody should be doing and exploring what their gaps are, and getting help from friends, even having your friends audit your account and look at your holes, I just don't see it happen enough, and people think like, my guy's good enough. That's you just don't know what you don't know because you're not a PPC expert. For example, right? Mostly have PPC agencies like you should, you should just go shopping around, and if you're, if they're doing a bad job,

Speaker  279077:20
like, give them the notes, and maybe they'll be better.

Speaker  280405:20
I in terms of this slide, what I was going to say is, like, after 11 years, how, how many people have been selling for under two years. How

Speaker  283210:40
many people selling under five? How

Speaker  283978:40
many people selling over five? Yeah, so like, you guys, where it comes to like, the analysis of of like, data driven decisions, also versus gut as to like, because Amazon's ecosystem just constantly changes, right? They throw in a New Deal. How's this deal? How's spring sale going to be doing? It all really depends on how you fare, how you know your business, and how you think it's going to be doing as well, and then balancing PPC, organic ranking and brand awareness.

Speaker  292784:00
I said this earlier, but really,

Speaker  293680:00
a lot of agencies will push hard on branded, branded terms, which I think is a total mistake. And if they're doing that, I think you're wasting your money. I think 80% of people that are going on to Amazon and typing in your brand are looking for your brand. And so if you cut that, if you cut that by, you know, like I we had a client, client that was 80% of his sales came from branded. We cut that down to 15% and his sales hardly dropped. It's because people want that product. So so fine, you don't show up at the top three, but doesn't really matter you. You're ranking organically anyways. So I we cut branded a lot, and we also cut back top of search on some keywords. When we're ranking in the top three, there's just no reason to just waste money on that. And then, yeah, we find, again, 160 million in revenue managed, but only 14 clients. So I go off of referral only. And really it's kind of like a trust building factor. I turn away way more than I take on. I think it's this more honorable way to do things, and you set expectations and accountability and you just deliver results. So again, takeaways, have a good reputation, align incentives, build a team that you honestly, build a team that you would want to work for. And I think the culture is greater than anything, and software is your friend, but I don't. I don't really believe in fully automating everything. I don't think that's possible, but automate as much as possible. Before I go to the next slide, one really cool thing I did is I took fireflies for or it's like a note taker for every single. Meeting I have with a client in the past year, I put a new zip, and I made a custom GPT, and now I have a virtual client that I have talks with. Before I send them any messages, I'll say, Hey, I'm about to tell them X, Y and Z, how are they going to react? And What? What? What blind, blind spots. So I need to kind of cover you can make that for yourself and give that to your employees, so that you your employees can talk to you right on a virtual level. And, yeah, all right. Final value add, there's a seller support GPT that I made with my good friend Ashwin Manon, this is gonna take you to a link. I'm doing a shameless plug. Sorry, guys, it's gonna take you to a LinkedIn. So just you go on it, you like a comment, get this or whatever I wrote on that, on that LinkedIn, and I'll send you the support GPT, this thing's fucking awesome, if you you know how we all write in like, all caps, and it's like, hey, my listings down, like, I have this issue. This actually formats what you want to write in a way that Amazon Seller Support is trained to talk. So it has a certain, like star format that it'll ask you, by the way, you need to add this document, or you forgot to include this. And so it'll kind of talk to you through what that response is. And what we've done is we've we have one general login for our team operations at stonecutter dot NYC, and now everybody's using this support GPT and re labeling the chat as the case ID, and so if a new response comes in, they just search that in chatgpt, they find that case ID and then paste in the response, and then it tells you what to respond to Seller Support. So I promise you your entire team is going to use this basically all the time. So hope you guys enjoy that, and that's all I got. Thank you. Cool questions. Oh, huh, expand five. Yeah, the Chinese shingy software. And, but I, but, like, I built out again, if you, if you're large enough, I built out my own SQL database, so I actually have my own, like, formulations in there. But for, for one account, it's just easier to use shingies. And it's, I mean, it's a great software, like,

Speaker  363994:40
let's see, oh, it's all internal.

Speaker  366314:40
So I can tell you quickly.

Speaker  367194:40
AZ, select, yes, sellerize for some and then I realized what, like, I mean, I'm also taking on like, brands that are doing like, $100 million on their.com and I was, like, is $100 a month, and I don't want to pay that. So like, this is going to help you. And then, and then I tell them to sign up for it, because I don't, technically, I don't need seller eyes. In Tel Aviv, they pay for their own polling data dive. We use on two clients, datarova as well, kind of, and then, like, those are relatively cheap, so yeah. And then, yeah, the rest I pay for,

Speaker  376981:20
I mean, it's the best, like I

Speaker  378709:20
so what we have an example of, like, a great report is, is when we're running low on inventory, to turn off ads. So, like, that's like those, those are two departments that just never talk to each other, right? And so when you're managing a lot of SKUs, also now have like, a low inventory PPC report. So I turn off the ads when I hit a certain threshold. And like, that is just, just, literally, we built it into Excel. So like, if there's, like, a button that we just press, it downloads this automatic report and tells my team turn off these ads or turn these ads back on. And so, like, there's no software that I would use that that would be able to show you that would build that out and be like, yeah, Lee, that's a great feature. It's just a feature that I need so everything's just very customizable to what I want to do. Yeah, okay, man, hey, awesome job. You.
