5. Imran Hameed
Date: June 13, 2025

Speaker  1344:00
Another boring topic. It's not like aI thing, right? Ancient topic, I would say like, since there is no keyword stuffing, is no problem and semantic SEO, I think this will become ancient, or hopefully not, because I own agency. So anyway, my name is Imran. I joined MBS in the middle of 2023, I started my journey, e commerce journey in 2018 I sold my eight figure brand as a partner. Right now I'm owning a seven figure brand. CEO of advertising agency. I'm an engineer working welcome people in senior who are familiar with Qualcomm, obviously, and I started working like playing golf. Started enjoying watching golf. It was so boring in the past, but now I love it. I think I sold you on that one. Whoever you wanted to play with me. Okay, so why I came up with this topic, when all of a sudden the pop up came and I said, Okay, what do I need to do? But I came up with this kind of presentation for my clients, because I obviously am running a Gen C, and we have so many launches, like 100 plus launches over the course of 1.5 years. So obviously learning from your mistakes and counting on double down on your successes. That looks as the main goal here. So foundation is very, very important in terms of when it comes to launch, which means product research, a product research perspective, I mean, we need to get high demand and low competition product that's such a challenge, and then the quality is become very important for the packaging you have to, you know, some of my clients, I mean, they did not, you know, pay attention to the product itself, like packaging leakage, random stuff. So there is a problem. And we have seen, like the launch, cut, screwed up. The margin calculation is also very, very important, because if you have a healthy margin, you can spend lot on P spend lot on PPC. You have that luxury. And then, when I the common mistake that I see, like people like undervalue the margins, overall margin that, or the payments that we are supposed to give to Amazon, the listing optimization also becomes very, very important. Without optimization, no notch will be successful. Among that one is the category, category details we have this COVID, Raja and so many other like people who presented in our Ts, like, how, node, item, Type, Product, I, GL, website, all those sort of thing has to be correct. Awesome has also talked about semantic SEO becomes very important. I saw one listening where there was keyword stuffing by mistake in one of my client and I saw like that for a week, and we decided, okay, what happened wrong? And it was because of the keyword stuffing. It was like seven or eight months back then obviously, title cleared point we all talk about optimization. Obviously, those are that matters a lot. And then conversion rate, as Anthony one said, conversion rate, best conversion mean best offer. Best offer means good organic ranks. So, so very important thing beginning of the launch is the momentum is the key. I play with the momentum. I wanted to play with momentum. If given my thing is, I want to bring it as much relevant traffic to the listing as possible. And depending on the listing, the conversion happen or not. So what I see the problems are people don't, don't allocate enough ad spend. I see another problem is like they want to launch a very high price, because one of the reason is, okay, maybe the deal has to be, do it. Deal will be best deal, or any other deal, make the player both. So let's launch it at a high price. I see this problem. And then there is a last problem is that focusing people start focusing on margin sales and profit, or profit itself. That's a problem as well. I've seen like so best practices is, I think the prices has to be launch pricing has to be very aggressive to maximize visibility, we need to have a PPC, high span of PPC, try to use as much as the Lightning Deal or coupons and delay profitability. Don't look at profitability in first two months plus. I mean, maybe the trend has to be there. I mean, you, you're you may have very high loss to less loss, but I don't think we should be focusing on property a lot. Obviously, it depends on business decision, but that's my take on it. Out of stock is a big problem right now. So there was a ex Amazon employee in India, like I was, I was. Is listening on YouTube. She mentioned that Amazon has the signals out of stock. And she mentioned, like, nine or 10 months back. And then Amazon wants to have inventory for 28 days, right? That's another and then Meena Elias mentioned, in some of the like, in another YouTube video, that less than 30 days Amazon start demotes your product that's the most mean the ranking. So, I mean, logically makes sense. Like, I mean, if you have not, you don't have any rendering, send direct, or you have inventory in Los Angeles, you may not get good organic banks. That's what it is. That's a geo ranking as well, coming to picture here. So what I noticed is like, obviously we should not be too out of inventory. We should have more than 30 days of an entry. But when an entry is bad in the stock, I think that's very important post inventory, we have to be aggressive in pricing. We can be aggressive the pricing to get the momentum and increase the ad spend. I think sometimes, sometime I see, like we have very limited spend. That can be a problem here. Obviously, when I I, when I recommend my customer good ad spend, when there is a good inventory in the Available state, not in the reserve state or under state. So that's important. Then effective keyword, keyword targeting, basically, if you this comes under product research, if you don't have a good product, product result on demand, then you start, have to start focusing on top of the funnel keyword, which gone Raja, call it bros keywords, and that's a broader ID element. Keywords, we have very bad conversion rate. That's a problem, right? So obviously we have to have a very relevant keyword. We have to bring very relevant traffic. Relevant traffic that gives a very good conversion rate. But if we have a less demanding, less demanding product or niche, that's going to be problematic, I would say. And then obviously we have to mine keywords aggressively based on the converting search term, any search term that converts based on phrase matching, broad matching, or auto, auto targeting. We have to make the converting system. We have to create new campaigns for that good product ratings matters and it also, again, the product research come into picture. If your research is not good, you are not doing the packaging. You are not making the quality of the product. That's the problem. You get start getting better views. I've seen many, many launches flock because of that, and then try to leverage from, you know, product variation that is very, very important. So these are my what you call examples. And if you're not familiar with this, I can try to explain to you this. Top one is a broad form keeper. I'm sure you guys are familiar with that. And then the bottom one is the my own tool that I try to align it. It's not aligned. Maybe I need to use a agent or someone, something. So. So so this product was launched in around Cyber Monday, and if you see, I'm sure you're familiar with, keep up. This rating went to 3.5 here, and it was going down. So my client, I mean, she was traveling, and she called me, so Imran is this is a good product. I said, Okay, if you want to really test this product, let's double down on our investment. So instead of 200 ad spend, before we went to 400 around 400 PowerPoint, we started doing that. You see this, 2123 20 to 24 when the summer period when we have limited ad spend. You see this dip there because of that. But otherwise we stay up around $400 and what happened at this point? The problem is that we don't have enough available inventory. And inventory become in stock. It becomes available. We spend a little bit. It goes very low inventory. So we just keep if you look at this, BSR here, this goes down, goes down, goes down. It's February, February. You know, my spend is very limited for this month. So the only thing, the other thing, is like, okay, 3.5 we did the variation here, and it's like a three figure variation, right? Basically, when we add reviews, it was 100 plus reviews, it was not like 1000 plus something here. That's a boost. But I see, I feel that this particular spend that we did in multiple days, another family has good reviews, but other family did not. Was not working. I mean, it was like, maybe four, four or five minutes per day, not like a related

Speaker  156794:40
product. It was related product, yes.

Speaker  158522:40
So what I see is like, it's a very, very good launching. I love this kind of product. I mean, if I have two products. Like that. I don't have myself. I didn't need to work anything there, right? It's just like spending less than 50 bucks a day. And, you know, selling 20 units, 200 units a day. That's amazing. Yeah, this is another launch we started last week. So what it did is as part of best practices. I mean, they just added into the variation when they launched this product. And you know, when we start spending more, we actually, this is actually going out of the scale. But we got with we did more aggressive spending here. There was a best deal here. It was $15 in the beginning, and then they went to $13 and this was 990, $9 and you know, you see this trend going up. And then they actually brought back to $15 right here some obviously, they will be losing some momentum. Obviously, there's a pros and cons of adjusting it. But I see things over long time, not that one day. I mean, if we do make a change today, I mean, within a week, you will see, okay, the note noticing the thing, whether being aggressive or being pessimistic, what's the you know, how the system, Amazon will respond? Is clear here as well, for some reasons. Anyway, this is a another launch. So I just wanted to display two things here. When we launched the product, there was no review on this niche. They don't have anything. So you you see the reviews are going, you know, going up and up. But they were aggressive here in pricing. They were not getting momentum. In the beginning, they put aggressive in the pricing, and then they went all the way to 16 bucks, and then they were out of stock, out they were aggressive in pricing, goes out of stock, bring back in stock, investable pricing. So when we come back to stock, post stock post stock is very important. I mean, you can be aggressive you. I mean, if you say, okay, automatically momentum is going to pick up. I've seen that lot of notches get you know, being being the problem, right? That the momentum will lose the momentum based on that,

Speaker  196368:00
there's difference between going

Speaker  196800:00
out of stock and going low in stock, low in stock, we can limit the x1 that we cannot do much, right? But the thing is, when you come back to stock, many things we have to double down on, on pricing, as well as advertisement. That's my point here.

Speaker  201093:20
Yes, yes, you should close the listing. If you know, you go out of stepping for like lines. What do you usually you

Speaker  202901:20
I mean, we can do it, but I see that we use momentum anyway. It doesn't matter much

Speaker  204314:40
when you close this thing. I always observe that when you're back in stock invested two weeks, three weeks, the keyboard rankings are back to where you left, rather than keeping it active. And you know, slowing down sales has been worse for us compared to I

Speaker  208672:00
don't have much, yeah, I don't have much experience with that. In the beginning, like two, three years back, I started to try to do it. It was not helpful. The momentum. We lost it, and I see the BSR went down. Maybe you are doubling down on your ad spend as well as you get a CD before it went down, maybe,

Speaker  214021:20
yeah. I mean, obviously the ideal is nothing at all, yeah. Sometimes it sells more than, you know, young space, so if it happens, but my

Speaker  216805:20
thing is supposed to launch. I mean, because there's a momentum, Amazon knows that you have, you have given good data, once you have good available inventory, available in stock, double down on pricing, or, you know, everything that we can do to increase the conversion and bring in traffic because the momentum, we need to have some goal in our buy now. These are the minimum winners. We have to sell it to reach that goal. I mean, probably you have to be aggressive. I see, like few launches, people started looking at the margin, or they were doing out of stock. Okay? Just have a very limited spend, and then it never came back. It never came back. And then some of the clients, which we have to convince them, right? And sometimes it takes extra time and effort to convince them twice. Sometimes I say it's up to them. It's their business mentioned? So this is summary of what we discussed. Like early momentum is critical, then inventory management regain this momentum by receptor advertising pricing or other deals. Anything we can do focus on relative value, keywords, customer ratings, drive successes, and then profitability. Gold has to be long term, not a short term. Opinion. Like, I don't like the fidget spinner kind of thing. I want just to settle down. Like, for example, you ask for tariffs. You have to look at things, you know. And value add is, I don't have any value add, but it's just observation. Okay? So when we talk about honeymoon, even Anthony nine, who he does, he said there's no honeymoon period, you know, but he did agree that there is no sales data, right for Amazon. If there's no sales data, I find it better success to give good data to Amazon then if you have some data, and you know, you have to revive things, you know, you know, you have to give, maybe at the launch time, if there is no sales, we have to give three or four weeks of data. But in other case, you may have to give one or two months of good data. Amazon. So what I see, the point I'm trying to make here, running on period honeymoon exists. That's my first point. But the second point is, when the honeymoon period, we have to look, it's not about like you will get a good organic max this particular product, which is my first example here, where you see it's going down. This is, I'm showing you the data for last week.

Speaker  256528:00
So definitely select one case which when was expert.

Speaker  257696:00
That's what you said. Yeah, yeah. Here it was 400 or something. But no, it was 50. Here it was like not to become available. We spend more, and it was opportunity or something like that, but it was in reserve state. It's not like this. Sold this. They sent lot of units, but as soon as you become available, somehow, with the limited, limited ad spend, we were able to sell it. My point here is this particular plot. If you look at this, this, this particular plot, the top one is searched by volume, like that's sorted out. This one is sorted by relevancy, and neither one of them you see dark green. Dark green means six or better, organic black. But this particular product, I'm like, making 4k a day with 120 $5 basement, 3% cost, but with the margin, say, amazing success on this particular

Speaker  273040:00
product. I like the top search term, like, 200,000 search volume. They're like, in top down, that's probably during most of the track or, yeah, traffic. It's huge traffic, and top day is gonna get some portion of that, yeah.

Speaker  276256:00
But the thing is, you have to see, like, when this we have seen this kind of search volume, you have top of the funnel keyword, which is you're not even top six. It's like what you

Speaker  278949:20
are getting. Neither

Speaker  280245:20
one of them. I cannot like, you know, a lot of people wants to go with this ranking. Okay, track ranking for each keyboard and everything. I think Gordon Raja talked about it. I think nine talked about it a lot, but I see, okay, if we have to just bombard the listing with the with the relevant traffic, we get the momentum.

Speaker  285738:40
So what do you think? Why do you think this product is successful? Back to first, okay, I think we get

Speaker  287338:40
good data. That's the thing. There's no other explanation here. The data is here.

Speaker  289216:00
So you mean, like, a good spend, good

Speaker  290480:00
amount of spending. We didn't stay to 200 only at this point of time. It's a $19 product. It was big loss.

Speaker  292256:00
And there's still, like, very minimized factor for that branch. It's not, yeah, it's not too high. Well, I

Speaker  293893:20
know, but like, we are looking at the hindsight, right? I mean, don't know exactly, okay, you probably have ordered 3000 years of inventory, and you don't know exactly it's going to be successful or not, whether you wanted to spend that much money or not. I think I like this approach, because you just test it out. I mean, if this is good, this is good, what's

Speaker  298773:20
the sales which one's the sales chart? Numbers you sold? There's

Speaker  300138:40
no sales chart here. I can or revenue. Yeah, this is the BSR chart.

Speaker  301194:40
So like when you were spending 400 a day, you weren't more, you weren't ranking higher than you you are when you spend $100 a day, doesn't make sense.

Speaker  303994:40
I mean, it was just starting

Speaker  304704:00
out. That's a BSR, right, yeah. So you were getting better over time, yeah.

Speaker  306032:00
So that's but this is when it launched. That was a launch, right there, yeah, yeah. This was a launch. Okay, so you launched, and then you got your BSR down, yeah, right. And then it kind of stayed down with lower because you have organic rankings at that point, yes, this is not because of organic. If you're selling, you know, tour,

Speaker  310869:20
that's your implicit assumption that organic has to be I'm just telling you, the organic ranking is not very high.

Speaker  312661:20
They have to be getting the product somewhere.

Speaker  313733:20
Amazon is pushing that one. It's not only organic ranking. That's

Speaker  315237:20
my but in your example, you're probably like 80% organic, 20% paid, if you're only spending $100 my point, like you are having super high

Speaker  318762:40
organic. I have to give you probably more data on this one, like CPC. Or other things. But it was not like I was getting lot of traffic from this period. To give them a second, you're talking about this

Speaker  323184:00
phase, or this phase, the later phase, yeah, this product

Speaker  325424:00
has a lot of competition. It's not like doesn't have any competition. Yeah, wow. I mean, if I after the car, I can tell you the product, and you can search for it.

Speaker  327989:20
Maybe they check it in the store, they really like it. And that's why this brand is also not very well known,

Speaker  330245:20
like Nvidia orange or other brands. I mean, they started with me in 2002 83 November, and then all this other this is a blessing on this product. I don't know what happened, I mean, but the honeymoon period of my point this thing is okay, if somehow we get good data and Amazon start like, say, liking it. This is phenomenal. No, not a lot of people thought about these days. It's just Amazon is pushing

Speaker  336352:00
it here more recently, this February, like, is

Speaker  337776:00
it still? Yeah, yes, this is the latest data of that.

Speaker  338944:00
This one is

Speaker  340032:00
great, yeah, yeah, before, because that was I did not have snapshot my my team has snapshot. I said, Okay, give me the snapshot they give me for this. Okay, let me add this data anyway.

Speaker  344469:20
Question and Answers. I do have one more question. You mentioned that one of one of your clients you noticed the keywords coming was causing them to 10, one. How did you identify that? Or how did you found out about this?

Speaker  348810:40
Yeah, so I had a sellerized instance from them, and I saw like this, like there was sales were down. So we start looking at their ranking. So they're their rank went from 45 all the way to one, one or something. So it was clear. And stayed there for last one weeks. And we started exploring why. What's the reason for that? And then we identified, okay, this is the problem. Like they have that particular word or phrase was repeated 20 times

Speaker  357072:00
in the like the

Speaker  357573:20
system in the session, keyword, yeah,

Speaker  358821:20
yeah, same thing, yeah.

Speaker  359365:20
I think I posted on MDs, on this particular and I think Ian also responded,

Speaker  360789:20
this is keyword stuff before. I said, Okay, before, well, I don't know, you remove it and the keyword ranking, yeah,

Speaker  362677:20
yes. So when we moved the repetition immediately, the next stage was happened to 45 or 46

Speaker  364250:40
was the keyword time here, just like one keyword, or

Speaker  365178:40
it was multiple, oh, I don't have the root keyword. If you're talking about those things, I don't have that thing. But I was focusing on one key. But it was, it was kind of root keyword,

Speaker  368090:40
interesting, but the stocking was on the back end level, yeah.

Speaker  369264:00
But then you start seeing this title instruction phenomena, right? They don't want to have more than right? And then people, a lot of talk about semantic, and Google is also working on semantic as CEO. And you know, there's so much literature they are available, and you also mentioned, what is there?
