MDS Mogul Call with Leo Limin
Date: September 24, 2025

Speaker  1088:00
It's posted,

Speaker  2320:00
I need to grab my laptop

Speaker  3200:00
charger. I forgot about that, just like I'm

Speaker  11802:40
Leo, do you know the bot? Ripy?

Speaker  12570:40
Ripy, yeah, I've heard Yeah, I know like and we got

Speaker  14378:40
an email showing them that we canceled it, and they said they refunded us, but they hadn't. I had to go via American Express to get it canceled. A massive, massive ordeal.

Speaker  17888:00
It's bought from you can only use discord, right? Like one of the very early ones, ripy, I remember, yeah, use Yuka is better,

Speaker  22133:20
I mean, at the moment, we're just, we're just sort of really simplifying everything. So Katie would need to persuading to do Tiktok at all. So we're launching some new, some new gift sets this Christmas. See how that goes.

Speaker  26037:20
But yeah, well, Tiktok is not Amazon is like people are making a mistake. They think it's like a channel to sell. It is a channel to sell, but you should look at it as, first of all, advertising channel. Most, most brands do not make much on Tiktok. Yeah, it's,

Speaker  31994:40
I think also we, the problem is that we try to half ass it, and it's like you've really got to be all you've got to be all in, you know, financially and time wise, to make it, to make it work.

Speaker  35472:00
Yeah, it's hard to flip the that you already have everything going on Amazon, and here you have to make this huge commitment, actually, right? Like, it's not just, Oh, I'm gonna pay 1000 bucks here for the experiment. No, it's, it's a huge commitment. But those who commit, they usually succeed, you know. So, yeah, it's like, new Amazon, but it's not Amazon. It's something else completely.

Speaker  42645:19
Yeah, you can't. It's not like, well, with Amazon, once you've got a listing ranked enough, and you know, you got good times, right? But as with tick tock, you gotta keep going.

Speaker  44650:39
You gotta keep going. You

Speaker  44922:40
can't, you can't take your foot off the gas, right?

Speaker  45466:40
You can't stop Yeah, it's always waves. You go viral.

Speaker  46810:39
That video is forgotten about, right? No, no one cares. Yeah.

Speaker  48010:39
Well, there are brands like solid brands like Mary Ruth, that very consistent, you know, and they, but they have an army of creators. They run lives, 24/7, you know, they create new creatives, new hooks, new everything, every week. So, yeah,

Speaker  53840:00
yeah, yeah, right now I want to go and do Jiu Jitsu in the middle of a day. Katie wants Fridays off, but, you know, maybe, maybe next year we can, we can give it a try. But we did have some, we had some pretty good videos, right? That did pretty well, like, well into the millions, but

Speaker  60538:40
that no sales,

Speaker  60922:40
they did. I mean, the really big ones did generate, like, you know, sales, but we're talking like 40 or 50 or something like, not 1000s.

Speaker  63498:40
Yeah, it's like that, Michelle's video that I just saw yesterday, that you need to have videos for, like the brand awareness. You need then to have videos that give information about your product, and then you need videos that do deals, right? There is not just selling videos. They don't exist. You can just create a video that, okay, here it sells something, right? It's always about entertaining or giving huge value compared to Amazon, yeah,

Speaker  72277:20
yeah, because Tiktok users are completely ruthless, right? Within one second, if they, if they feel that it's being sold to, it's just and then you only get 300 views things, yeah,

Speaker  75210:40
everybody should understand that it's not a shopping algorithm, not yet. They don't have a stable shopping algorithm. It's a video retention algorithm. They just want you to continue watching if and if people drop off. That's it. Your video is useless, right? You can pour all the money in the world into it, but you're not gonna get many views, yeah.

Speaker  81376:00
But is Insta? Is Tiktok definitely where everyone's where social media time is being spent now, rather than Facebook and Instagram

Speaker  84064:00
is definitely growing much faster than others. And yeah, Tiktok, I've seen stats that is like their double digit growth is much, much bigger than everything else, and now the Tiktok is not no longer a threat, no longer in threat. In United States, you know, everybody's double down, and the big, big companies will go in and spend advertising dollars now because people,

Speaker  90917:20
they've agreed a deal for us. What is it? Oracle are buying it?

Speaker  92394:40
That's what I hear from everywhere, yeah, even from Tiktok people themselves. It's not in the news yet, but I guess everybody is relaxed, yeah, and they will retain the algorithm from China so they will not have to develop a new one. Yeah. But I think

Speaker  97888:00
Tiktok, US is only actually 5% of worldwide Tiktok, right?

Speaker  99168:00
I think they get Tiktok, Tiktok, you know. So you know that in China is a different company.

Speaker  101120:00
So, yeah, they got the, they got the broccoli version in uh China, right? That just serves like science experiments.

Speaker  103541:20
Yeah, and even the algorithm works differently. In China, they don't put all the toxic crap into their children's heads.

Speaker  105989:20
Yeah, they got the crack, the crack cocaine version for the West, right? Whereas, like,

Speaker  107850:40
yeah,

Speaker  108106:40
they've got, like, a kids version. And in China, and it only you, it only works for 20 minutes a day, and it's all just like, science experiments,

Speaker  110522:40
yeah, stuff like that. And

Speaker  112186:39
what in China, they also, like, you can only do online. Kids are limited for online gaming for like, two hours on a Saturday evening. And that's,

Speaker  114080:00
that's cool. Okay, we should have the same rules. Yeah.

Speaker  117552:00
Hey guys, how's everyone doing? Is that Alex on the E vanilla one?

Speaker  119253:20
Hey, no, it's not. Alex is about to join right now. Hi Jimmy,

Speaker  120709:20
okay. Hey Hamza, how's it going?

Speaker  121717:20
I'm good. How are you guys?

Speaker  122261:20
Yeah, good. Well, there's one channel on the app that's popping off. It's the crypto in stocks chat.

Speaker  124938:40
Everybody faded Aster, though, so just like hyper liquid, does that mean we didn't listen to you? Did you buy it? No, it's never easy, dude. You gotta go through like 20 different exchanges to go buy some of your coins. Fair enough.

Speaker  132592:00
Um, yeah, like someone told me to buy Solana right at the bottom. Never did brilliant.

Speaker  134085:20
Well, that's a good one.

Speaker  134533:20
Well, I guess I probably, if you look at all the times when people told me to do something, I probably quite a lot of the time. If I had listened, I probably would have

Speaker  136533:20
lost money. But no, you only listen on the time where you lose money. That's in Yeah.

Speaker  139125:20
Alright guys, let's do the MDS. Let's do the MDS slides. So well, if you're not on the app, then you miss it out on the crypto at stocks chat and also the Mogul calls. There's Tiktok channel. You've got logistics. Catch up on your call, your calls, if you're at the Milan Summit, they're all on there. If you weren't at the summit, I think there's a couple of presentations live that you can check out. Live that you can check out. So yeah, definitely do that also before you sign up to any service, check if they're a partner. Yeah, scan that QR code to join the WhatsApp channel. We'll put a link in later, in case you were on your phone and you you can't see it, so just get reminders about the calls. Next up, of course, join brands. So yeah, $100 of free cash to get started. And you know they'll take, tell them you're an MDS, I'll take the take good care of you there. So they got a really great team. It's not just, not just Leo and Ian there. They got, they got really great people that will help you out, and we're gonna hear all about it on this call next up. Alright, should we start recording? Alright, alright. Hi guys. Welcome to the mobile call. Feels like we got Leo on every other week at the moment, which is awesome. Thanks for coming on, Leo. Yeah. We had asking for, like, a call, just like really focused on join brands. So looking forward to going deep on what we can do on join brands, and we're going to be focused on Tiktok launches in particular today.

Speaker  163456:00
All right. Well, it's not only about joint brands, as always. Let me just start sharing. I had very little time to prepare any presentation, so I'll just demo mostly, but I will show some slides as well. One second cool.

Speaker  168133:20
If you guys have any questions as we go, feel free to put them in the chat or unmute them and ask them doing a sort of screen sharing discussion and am I

Speaker  173114:39
all right? Do you see the slideshow? Yeah, okay, it was hard to come up with the name scaling Tiktok. Growth was a joint brands and beyond. So I put seven steps, but it could be five or 10, or how many you want. But basically, to succeed on Tiktok, you obviously need to do your research, and we'll talk about it a little bit, create your strategy. And for that, I really suggest that you watch the video of Yahoo Russell that he did in MDS Milan. Basically, don't let creators create by themselves. Prepare them. Third one is cold start and product launch. And again, there is a very good video by Alex Bania about cold start. I recommend to watch it. And the fourth is to identify and amplify the winning creative so after you did your prep, you launched campaigns, you got to pick the winning creatives and double down on them, both on the script of those winning creatives, and both on the like advertising. And fifth is scale with outreach. So use bots to outreach and then start doing lives. I made a huge presentation with a lot of data during the Milan on lives, and I see there is a lot of views, but guys watch it, if you didn't watch it yet. I didn't talk about joint brands back then, but I will talk a little bit now and then. Create your communities. So once you're already rolling, you need to create creator communities. You need to invite your best creators. You need to keep giving them more and more tasks. You already know how they work. They're already aligned with your brand strategy, so double down on those and then continuously optimize optimize. So repeat this loop over and over and over. Remember that Tiktok is not like Amazon. In Amazon, you you rank, you can relax for the most part. You're just aligning your PPC. You do a little bit of this. You do a little bit of that, right? And Amazon is a discovery platform, while Tiktok is an entertaining platform, and you always have to come up with new things. So if you're a super duper creative or you have creative people on board, this is a platform for you. If you're not creative, this is not a platform for you. Let's go further. So when you do research, the recommended tools you may already know is color data and fastmos. Fastmos is very aggressive lately the advertising everywhere, there will be a new event in a huge event by fastmos in Los Angeles in a few weeks in October. Yeah. So basically, in color data, you should research your competition. You should look at the videos that they do. You should copy their scripts, adjust their scripts, and give those scripts to the creators in join brands or wherever you find your creators. So when you on Call of data, you can export script. So look for the most successful videos. Try to find the videos without the ad. Sign ad. It means it's boosted. They use GMV max to boost them. But these days, almost every viral video is boosted. There's almost no shoppable videos that are not boosted, right? It's very rare, so all the top videos are boosted. So export the script, adjust for your brand, run it through, join brands and see the results, right? So, so when you do a call start, there are many ways, of course, of doing that, I recommend watching a video presentation by Alex. He did it very well. And for joint brands, you can use social blasts, which is cheap and not very high quality videos, because mostly low end creators will apply for those. So don't expect Wow videos, but if you do a very good brief, it does not really matter, right? If you prepare your creators very well, it does not really matter. And what you will get is you will get initial purchases. So you'll you'll get buys on your product. You'll get reviews. You can openly ask for reviews for these blasts. I talked to many Tiktok representatives. They don't give them. So you can ask for reviews, and also you'll get the creatives, you'll get the videos. So in the future, when ignv Better creators research your brand, they will see those videos. The more videos you spit out, the better it is. And this is the best way to do call start, right? So once you did your call start, I recommend doing both 100 100 video Tiktok blast and just Tiktok campaigns on joint brands, which are more expensive the $100 campaigns, but you'll attract much better creators. So with those creators, you can go back and forth a bit more. You'll explain a little bit better in chats, everything. So I recommend, before you even talk to the creators. You prepare them completely. You research them completely. You look at their tiktoks, you look at their joint brands portfolio. I'll show how to do it later on. And then you know who you're talking to, right? And then, after you did your blast, and after you did 2030, creatives with regular Tiktok shop videos, you should analyze them right? Join join brands lately, got access to a few APIs, and now we can display information that actually nobody displays, such as two seconds and two seconds and six second views, and that information extremely important, because remember that Tiktok is not a shopping engine. It's first of all social platform, and they care for retention. Right? Conversion is also important, but retention is super important, right? And I think Alex said that the best six second is 70% and two second is 60% or something like that. But it depends on your product, depends on your niche, depends on your audience, right? So experiment and boost the best creatives with with ads, also you can simply import from join brands all the spark ads and load them up to your GMB Max campaign and let Tiktok do it by themselves, right? So then, once you have this machine rolling, you can activate more creators by inviting wider audience by the more creators through boards such as Yuka or Fernando's bot, and do your affiliate outreach, right? And this is the moment when you should start lives, right? I have a video in MDS about lives in China. Every third Sale Online happens through lives in United States, only 1% right now, maybe more by now, and it's a huge opportunity. You have to double down on lives if you can, if you don't have your own brand ambassador that can do live from your own channel, which you should be doing, you can find them also on joint brands. In joint brands, you can do lives by the minute. You can pay them by the minute, and maybe later on, you you know you do more and more and more. And you can agree on regular lives. So during lives, during launches, you should be doing, you should be paying higher commissions to the creators. You should be doing giveaways, flash sales, deals and promise so the more sales you get in the beginning, like product launch. Like what we do on Amazon all the time, right? Like, you get more sales, you get more creators applying.

Speaker  317386:40
As far as building creator communities. Of course, there are discords, there are WhatsApp groups, and you can do all of that. Invite creators from Tiktok into your communities. But don't forget that enjoying brands, we have these nice, neat chats where you can talk to creators. You can explain to them everything you want from them. You can tip them. You can tell them, hey, if you reach this GMB or that GMB, I will hire you again. If you get so many views, I'll hire you again. There is an easy to use higher again button. Also you can tip them. All the chips go directly to the Creator. We don't have any commission on chips, right? So you can say, this is what I always do. Hey, if you you know, if you reach certain limit, I'll pay you extra this, this and this. And you can even copy paste your whole structure of bonuses, and they will work more, and they will do more, right? And then you can hire them again, if they're performing very well, try to look for creators who are very responsive, rather than hire GMV. GMB is important, of course, it means they know what they're doing, right? But you can train your creators in GMB is a double sided sword. High, very high GMB creators, they're spoiled. You know, like influencers are spoiled. That's why we look for micro influencers. High GMB creators are also spoiled, and they want more from you, and often they do less, right? Right? Just because somebody had 100 KGB doesn't mean they will have it for your product, right? Maybe they just get lucky with some hook. Or maybe, you know, there is no commitment to you, maybe there's a commitment to another brand.

Speaker  345141:19
So I got a question from Grace, is it better to ask for organic Tiktok videos or just for shoppable Tiktok videos,

Speaker  347434:40
you should, you should watch video again in your channel from Michelle. And I think both are important. One is for she was explaining, like, top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, and bottom of the funnel. So remember, you're not selling doesn't work. You need to tell stories, right? So brand awareness part comes from top of the funnel, where you just tell stories about your brand, right? So you create, create curiosity, right? But there is no sale through that. I mean, you cannot sell through those videos, right? There will still be a sale, because in joint brands, you can do reimbursement campaigns, right? You can still get that sale plus a video without a shoppable link, yes, and review, right? So do do both, but mainly shoppable videos there is, there is a larger pool of creators, obviously, with just regular tiktoks, then affiliates, right? So if you want more reach regular videos are better. So once you identify the best creators that do a lot of stuff for you, you can rehire them and communicate. And you can even hire them long term on a retainer. We have so called recurring campaigns. We're going to rename them to retainer campaigns, because many people don't understand recurring, yeah, where you can schedule them to post so many videos every day, or every other day or twice a day and etc. And you can even ask them to post both on Tiktok and Instagram. Yeah, and you agree on an amount, there is like a negotiation through the chat. You can agree on a monthly amount, and they just do it for you. So it's called recurring campaigns. We're gonna also add to directly to the chats. Here an option to hire again for the same campaign, so that you can hire multiple times the same creator within the same product, within the same campaign. You don't have to ship the product. You don't have to negotiate anything. They just create more and more videos, right? And you can negotiate the price. You can bring down the price, so that, for example, first video was $100 but then the next five videos, you can do maybe $30 or $40 or something like that. That functionality will come up relatively soon. Also in joint brands, we have now GMV information, so you can not only two second, three second views, engagement, whatever that information is already available, but we added GMB information so you can act also based on GMB information with your creators. And we are adding the bonuses so that you can structure the bonuses for your creators, so you can already say, I'm going to pay extra 50 bucks. If you sell five items, for example, you get like, 1000, $1,000 GMV or something like that, or views or engagement or comments, or whatever is important for you, right?

Speaker  398378:40
So. And a quick question from Gary, which is, at what stage do you exit? The cold start? Would that be about 100 kg, MD.

Speaker  401680:00
The cold cold start for me is 100 videos. 100 videos. Yeah. So I think that is already enough. And then after that you can already start, you know, creating higher quality content, right? Like you already can start your flywheel, right? So maybe 100 videos through the Tiktok blast, those $25 videos, and maybe 20 higher quality videos. So I would say that, okay,

Speaker  409989:20
so you're not looking for a particular number of sales. Get out the cold start.

Speaker  410965:20
Yeah, I'm not, I'm not looking well. Jamie, every product is different, right? So you can be on top of your category with just a few videos, or you can be at the very bottom with 1000 videos, right? It depends on the niche and depends on the how viral is. You know, this type of product is right? So some niches are completely dominated by more famous brands, and some niches are not, yeah, so well, and then you should continuously repeat this loop, continuously optimize, remember Tiktok is not launch and forget Tiktok is like a video production. It's you're like on TV station. You need to keep those episodes of your TV show on and on and on getting produced. And don't forget about lives again. There are brands that do only lives, for example, as I was telling in the presentation, this this ugly doll labor they do only only lives, and they sell 100% only through lives. So if you master that skill, you can be it's much higher GMB per life. But obviously, it's a skill, it's a mastery. We're going to be releasing a course in joint brands for the creators on how to do lives properly, but I'm going to make it available also, of course, for all of you guys. Okay, so what are those lines there? Use performance data to get it every next step, not guesswork. Okay? Anyways, continue demo time. Let me show you the insights of join brands.

Speaker  442549:20
I don't know why I have these lines. Was it

Speaker  444090:40
me or someone's cat drawing on? Okay?

Speaker  445418:40
Anyhow, so in Gen brands, right? You have campaigns. You have one time campaigns and recurring campaigns. So when you select your campaign type you need to go to E commerce. Use select content only if you run your own channel and you want content for that channel. So this is a much, much easier. So you can just order videos for your product, right? Yeah, it's very self explanatory. How to use it. If you want blast, you go to blast right? And there is a blast coupon attached to my presentation that will make them cheaper. And, yeah, you want to do either Tiktok or Tiktok shop, or you'll get more. You'll get more people applying on Tiktok, but on Tiktok shop, they're sellable. Once you click on Tiktok shop, it will ask you to connect with your Tiktok shop so that you can get GMV information from the creators, right? So and you can pick 1025, 50 or 100. Go for 400 because it will be cheaper, plus apply coupon, right? So when you do a content brief, don't just say, Hey, do your best. I don't know, do whatever you want. No. Creators are lazy. You should be the one hard working watch presentation by yes or Russell. You have to prepare them completely. You have to tell them exactly what to say, how to say it, what background they need to use, what attitude, etc, etc, etc, and use call data to research on your competitors, right? So this part is extremely important. You can give your product link and indicate the affiliate commission that they're getting, right? So from Tiktok shop, if in the very beginning, you can put it very low, it doesn't matter. So, and that's it, and you launch your Tiktok blast campaign at the same time, maybe it's a good idea to launch content plus posting Tiktok shop videos. Again, it's asking me to connect. This is for higher quality creators and for high quality content. Here you can even increase the price if you want to attract like top level GMB creators, etc, right? And provide more information about your brand, your guidelines and etc, etc, etc. So let me go. Okay, and this is lives also. Lives is after you, you done your cold start. You can start playing around with lives in joint brands. Lives is $1 per minute with $50 minimum, right? So first half an hour will be 50 bucks, and then after that it will be every minute, one, $1 the perfect lives are for three, four hour lives. But don't start there. Test your Creator with half an hour life. See how they are set up, how they're following your instructions and stuff like that. And then you can rehire them repeatedly to do lives for you with your setup. This is the cheapest way to launch your own lives, right? Obviously, you can, you know, run your own lives on your own channel. This is also very, very nice, and they create recurring creators. Is the creators that you can rehire. We don't have yet lives here, but you can rehire them, and you can have them produce content for you repeatedly all the time. So let me just go to some of the campaigns here, like this campaign I launched just to test if I could reach 1 million views with 30 videos right, and I reach it without, without boosting ads. So this is a so called fajas, or shapewear, quite popular on Tiktok, and I did my research on color data, right? You go. You go here you you look for you can explore products. You can just type in focus. You can find top brands. You can investigate them. You can go and see who are the top creators. But it doesn't matter. Actually you should focus on the top videos, right. Ideally you find the video, for example, is this one that do not have the ad sign in them. It means they went viral without boosting. And once you have those videos, if you're a thing, yeah, so second. So, okay, so if you click on those videos, you can export the script. Of course, you should modify it to your own brand, but at least you know what they're talking about. Use that script and put it into your campaign. This is exactly what I did, right? So I just copied one viral script, actually, I put several of them, and I said, like, use the one that fits best for you. Then when you research creators, try to find creators that match this type of creators. For example, fajas is very much Spanish, Colombian, Spanish type of creators. It's a Spanish speaking segment, so I was looking for Spanish speaking creators. So when you go find creators, right, you can, of course, sort them by GMV, but as I said, GMV is not the best friend for you. If you want most engaging, most hardworking creators, just just research them through different filters, through different you can use the search here and well, I'm gonna go by JMB anyways, to make it a bit more fun. So like I would look for anybody who looks Spanish and who obviously speaks Spanish. For example, this person, I would click on her, she has 62k GMB. She didn't do much yet on join brands, but maybe I like her because she's Spanish and she did some GMB work. This is British. This is also Spanish speaking. She already worked on German brands. Means she she knows very well how the system works, and she got a review. There are some videos here, right? And obviously she's into fashion. There is a pitch video you can watch like. I encourage you to watch their like all their information before you invite her, right? And then you can invite her to campaign right. Inviting doesn't mean they take the job right away. It means just inviting. So invite as many as you want. If you have a subscription plan, you're basically unlimited on inviting, right? If, depending on the plan. But for blasts, for example, there is no limit on how many people you can invite. So then I go back to my campaign, right? These are creators that applied by themselves. These are creators that accepted this. These are applicants, right? And then I can go to analytics. This is not yet connected to my Tiktok shop, but it is connected to the creators. I can see some stats here. This is an old campaign, so this already faded away, but I can go like backwards, probably, and see, well, this is, this was some boost here. And what's most important is to see your top performing creators, right? So I can sort them by two second views, for example, or six second views. And this would be my winning creators, if you notice, not all of them have deep data, because we just recently turned this API on and and also sort by views like this. This person 460,000 views, right? I would definitely boost this video, probably, and I would boost the videos with high two second views, like this video as well, right? So this is your winning package. Here. Investigate them

Speaker  587333:20
also. I did some shop live campaigns. It's, it works pretty much the same. You invite the creators. The difference is that in chats. Let's see. The difference is, create. Uh, creators schedule their lives so there is a chat here, and the creator say when the live event will happen, right? For example, this is a four hour life, and it keeps reminding you, you can go in and check it, but at the end of each life you'll get a snippet of the live so if you don't have time to check yourself, you will get a proof of life so I can go back to job. And this was her life, and this is a little snippet of life, right? She was, unfortunately, we don't have here the data on sales from the live event, but you can see it in your own dashboard and Tiktok, right? So, and if you find good creators, you can always negotiate with them. You can always talk to them and hire, hire again, right? So anybody that you like, you see good statistics. You can go back to my campaigns. For example, I see this tech picture posts like, I like this creator, for example, I can hire her again. Well, at this point of time, I would create a new campaign, but soon we'll have an update where you can easily within the same campaign. Just hire the Creator, and we will ask you, if you negotiate it with the Creator, if you say yes, it will automatically put the another job into her account so she just she will be in the status of that she has to create content already. No need to ship anything. No need to negotiate anything. Yeah.

Speaker  621834:40
Quick question from Bogdan for the cold start videos, would you recommend doing them all? TMD Max, or he's saying that they've noticed the organic reach has gone down quite a lot lately.

Speaker  625536:00
You can do well. GMD Max is basically meant for you to find the best creative, right? So they have algorithmic way to find the best converting creative, right? But I hear a lot of people say that it's not performing very well. You can always use other type of campaigns. You don't have to use GMB Max, and within your Tiktok ads, you GMB Max is not the only option. If you scroll down, there is a way to go to regular campaign. You can go with views, with clicks whatever your brand awareness campaigns, right? So you can do those two and maybe you'll get better results.

Speaker  636730:40
Experiment, if you want to get rid of those lines, you just click on More and then annotate and then clear, clear all drawings you should have, like more on the bottom, and that's what a toolbar on the bottom.

Speaker  640720:00
I have to stop sharing more

Speaker  642304:00
and then annotate

Speaker  642800:00
annotates

Speaker  643600:00
and then clear all drawings

Speaker  644416:00
I don't have annotates, all right.

Speaker  644784:00
Well, try sharing again. My mind, I think you can

Speaker  645941:20
we tried? Yeah, Okay,

Speaker  648325:20
anyways, so let me go back to the to this presentation for me to remind what I'm talking about. Yeah. So within your chats, you can communicate with the creators. You can hire them again. You can favorite them. So work with your favorite creators. Do try lives. I encourage you also watch my video about lives. Do focus? Do pay attention to two Second and six second views. Those are the most important metrics, not me, not my words. These are the words from Tiktok directly. The most important metrics for your video are these two metrics. Okay, yeah. So what else is here? This is a this is just some old template, but basically in joint brands, you create a job, you pick creators, you get content, and then you get influencer postings. These are the types of content that you can get. You can get content only, content plus posting social blast, good for product launches, right and recurring creators, and also we have lives by now. Yeah, all this I already explained, and the pricing structure is here as well. So, but you know that already. And yeah, you can use different filters to find your creators. Okay? And here is the promo code that may be different from the one that you indicated, but it's MDS 100. It gives you 100 bucks into your wallet. So try, try some videos for free. And this, this is a blast coupon. I think it applies to 5025, 20 and 10 videos, so, and it ends at the end of q3 so, which is you have just a few days to use it. Yeah, any questions? Guys, so

Speaker  683594:40
there was another question from Grace, which is, what's the best template to use for creative briefs?

Speaker  685786:40
The best template to use is the one that you copied from color data. Guys, you can be creative, but if you're not creative, just copy. I mean, yeah, just change the words. Change a little bit. Run through chat, GPT, you know, like, have a few takes, but do research your competitors. Find out which ones go viral and use exactly the same. Yeah,

Speaker  693808:00
someone's asking for the codes again. So I think it was MDS 100 and what was it q4 prep,

Speaker  696101:20
what was that coupon for? It's for blasts. So it's

Speaker  697061:20
what was the code again? Was it q4 block?

Speaker  698341:20
Share, again. Prep, q4 Yeah, cool.

Speaker  700618:40
Bogdan, did you have any follow up questions on your one about the GMB Max? Prep, g4

Speaker  703098:40
No, I think I think it's all good. Thanks. Thanks, Leo. I uh, awesome.

Speaker  704768:00
Any more questions, put them in the chat, guys. So so the briefs are just best that the easiest thing to do is just look at what's already working right, and then maybe adapted to your brand a little bit.

Speaker  707904:00
You You should have also your own data, right? Don't just try somebody else's data and say, hey, it didn't work, right? So work with your own data, but other people's data is a good start, obviously. And double down on the winners. Scrap the losers. Same. Same thing applies with creators. Not all creators are great. Stick to the good creators. Pet them. Tip them, hire them again, use performance bonuses and stuff like that. Yeah.

Speaker  717498:40
Another question, how many should we be testing at any given time? I'm guessing that's about

Speaker  719354:40
2030, per week.

Speaker  719882:40
Yeah,

Speaker  720154:40
that's a good number creators

Speaker  720736:00
or videos.

Speaker  721072:00
Videos, awesome. Thank you.

Speaker  722800:00
Okay, so question from Hamza, what if the GMB Max doesn't perform well, what should we do? I see another question as well. Which one you down?

Speaker  724752:00
First try different type of campaigns,

Speaker  725909:20
Which one,

Speaker  726693:20
which ones, views engagement, whatever is there. Just try, try it out. JMB Max is created for you to sell the most. But maybe that's not what you want. And also, guys, remember, you're not selling on tick tock. You're telling stories that I forgot completely to mention, don't nobody wants to be sold to. You have to like your your video should be made in such a way that you solve the problem first and then you offer the solution. You talk about the problem. There is a very good presentation by Kyle, also in MDS about storytelling, and it even is more important than Amazon. People come to Amazon already to look for solution, right? While on Tiktok, you talk about the problem, and just because your videos don't sell, it doesn't mean that your product sucks. It means that the probably did you suck, yeah.

Speaker  742293:20
Okay, one, one last question like we have, we have launched a new product in supplement category on Tiktok shop, and what is the best way to get some organic sales on that product, rather than, like, promoting and running GMB max or spark ads.

Speaker  747770:40
Well, first, you can run a lot of you can make all the videos on your own channel, right? You can make your own content if you want organic sales,

Speaker  750298:40
yeah, we, we do have the video from different creators, and we are trying to post those videos on Tiktok account, so maybe we can get some attraction and get some organic sales. But apart from that, I was just wondering if you guys have any suggestions or like we can if we should lower the price, because right now I'm just checking most of the top sellers on Tiktok shop selling their pre workouts on like, high selling prices. For example, if the cost of goods is like 15 to $20 they're selling like $55 $60 per container, and they're selling like 5000 bottles and 5000 10,000 per month. And just wondering, like, what should we do? Should we drop the price, or maybe on a break even or a lower margin, and sell it on a lower price initially and then increase the price.

Speaker  764778:40
Most of those sellers are probably already known to creators, and creators already promote

Speaker  766250:40
them. Yeah, so there's, there's a, there's a famous brand called Ride supplements, if you guys know that brand, he he has a huge number of creators, and most of his creators, the creators are promoting his product, have millions in followers, and they're like, crazily selling their products, and they have, like, so many sales. And I was just like, shocked how he just getting sales on like so much high price, like $55 for a pre worker is quite high price, because you can get this for 25 or $30 for a reasonable price. So I was just wondering, like, what should we do in that situation?

Speaker  778357:20
Well, rise is a famous brand. They have this luxury. They can have more markup, right? And obviously, so it's athletic. They have a lot of athletes promoting them everywhere. So rise is not only Tiktok. It's much easier. It's like married with organics is in every whole food store, yeah. So it's much easier for them to sell. So for your brand, that is relatively unknown in the beginning, I would not worry too much about that somebody is selling for more expensive. Focus on your own price, on your own margins. If you're cheaper, it's good, right? And just follow the formula. First. You need to have so many videos out there by so many creators, which is a call star, and then start betting your start promoting better creators to make more videos. Copy the models that work, right, discard the models that don't work. And eventually you're gonna hit you're gonna go viral eventually, right? And but most, most videos that are viral, they're still boosted with ads, so just okay with that. Yeah. And another thing is tick tock, for the most part, is not a channel where you have high margins, uh, flash sales, discounts, all of that stuff, giving creators high commissions. Right like in the very beginning, when you do your outreach through bots, you have to give them very high commission. Just like Amazon launch in the beginning, you lose money,

Speaker  804368:00
obviously, yeah, I'm giving right now. Right now, I'm giving 20% commission. Do you think is that now for I should increase the commission rate?

Speaker  807189:20
When I was launching CMOS on Tiktok, I was given 40% commission in the very beginning. Oh, my God, and it was much easier back then than now. Now, creators are spoiled high GMB. Creators, they get so many messages per day, right? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  812314:40
Also, 111, last question. I'm sorry we have, we have an existing product on Tiktok shop. It's called weight lifting books, and I think that we are the best sellers in that product on Tiktok shop, like we have sold right till now, 15,000 units of that product, and we have like, 2000 plus creators with that, with that, of that product video. And the thing is, we stopped like promoting or like since you were talking about, like, be consistent on Tiktok shop, and we just talked. We just stopped running ads and we just stopped sending samples, but recently, we just started again. And how, how do we, how can we do a boost start to our existing top seller product on Tiktok shop, like, I know we have increased the price, but we still are getting, like, 545, organic order from like organic or from the affiliate orders per day. But we want more sales on that product because we know that the ad product has some potential in it, and maybe we can get more like promotion. And with that way, maybe we can promote our other products as

Speaker  832122:40
well, tick tock rewards, consistency. So if you were promoting and then completely stopped, you did get some punishment there, yeah, and the only way for you you can relaunch it under a different product, or you can, yeah,

Speaker  836896:00
we, we were, we just stopped sending samples, but we have we were running a GMB Max campaign, and we set the budget of $300 a day, and that is why I just asked him to chair that the GMB Max campaign that we are running on lifting books is not performing well, and we're not getting good ROI and We're like, we're just getting four or five orders per day. And the thing is, we're not, like, promoting more. We're not promoting different categories. Like, since you were saying that you should try different ways and different angles for

Speaker  846266:40
but again, your GMB, Max, what kind of videos you have there? Like, do you replace them? Do you do you update your playbook? Do you experiment if something is not performing, discard it, throw it away. You know, keep adding new creatives and double down on the winning ones and remove the bad ones, right?

Speaker  851232:00
I think, I think that budget was assigned to the approximately 1700 videos, and some of the videos were not performing well, but few of the videos were spending $2 or 1.5 dollars this way, and I think the max campaign was not performing well. Then I had a call with Tiktok team, and they suggested me to try Max delivery and creative boost campaigns so we can assign a specific budget towards a specific creators, video like which you believe that has attraction and that can get more sales or view. So you can boost that video separately. So I will try that feature as well. But just wanted to have some conversation suggestions from you.

Speaker  864746:40
Have too many videos, and some of them are probably not performing very well.

Speaker  865936:00
Yeah. Okay, so right now, since you were saying in the beginning of the call, we should use Yuka for like in in the last

Speaker  868976:00
I'm not promoting Yuka. I just so you should

Speaker  870965:20
use that. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, so we were using Yuka bot, but then we moved to uptake, but I think

Speaker  873893:20
things about uptick as well. Yeah,

Speaker  874741:20
yeah. There, there. There are some other tools as well, like, there's a tool called reacher and influence. And there are so many tools in the market right now, so

Speaker  877722:40
as well. But I quickly realized that it's a dead end. It's not a good software to to build.

Speaker  880154:40
Yeah. So do you do you think we can get some potential creator from your

Speaker  881456:00
last question? Hamza,

Speaker  882208:00
okay, I'm sorry. Yeah, that's my last question.

Speaker  883504:00
Yeah. So what's the question?

Speaker  884400:00
I'll cut you off. Just finish the question.

Speaker  884896:00
Yeah, I was saying that. Do you think we can get some potential creator from joint brands, or we should go with you? Ka board,

Speaker  887173:20
well, that's what the joint brands is for to find creators. And unlike bots, these creators are very engaging and like they're gonna do your job 100% right? Just make sure they buy your product, don't don't send the product, then you will create some problems. Yeah, and yeah, definitely use join brands. Would be happy.

Speaker  894842:40
Lindsay was asking if you have any employees that join brands that could sort of help, you know, get a team on board and show them how things work and help them to get their first few campaigns up and running.

Speaker  897792:00
Yeah, of course, just click on, book a demo and follow up with those guys and they, I know that they help continuously to brands that you know, they interacted with. So we'll have a good sales team and onboarding team, and they will help you with everything. Yeah.

Speaker  902837:20
Alex Bonilla, you got any You got any questions. You normally got

Speaker  905029:20
something not I don't have any questions. But I just did want to add that the power of these first 100 sales or 100 videos, uh, isn't just the videos. You shouldn't be like jumping into this, thinking you're going to go viral and you get a bunch of sales and Max GMB is going to take off. It really is just getting those first 100 purchases under your product because that is your social proof. Under your product card, it says how many sold, and when that's zero, you're pretty much like non existent. You have zero sells. You have zero videos. So the sales is the most important part. I don't want us to take our eye off of that. And then on top of that, you know, in regards to Hamza's question, if we should be running a bot like right now, probably not. Even if people were to respond to your bot, join brands, you're gonna get 100 sales, 100 videos and 100 spark codes. If you ran a bot, there's features on the bots that follow up asking for Spark codes. You'd be lucky to get 40% spark codes. We joined brands, you get 100% spark codes. So that does help. The only two more things I want to add to Leo's presentation was one, repurposing that content. You own the content. And there are some editors out there that are really good at mashing up content editing it to where Tiktok does not flag it as duplicate content. So if you have 100 videos that can be matched up, I mean, you can almost make an infinite amount of more videos to be posted on your marketing account, and then Jimmy Max will pick those videos up too, and you pay zero commission on those, so everyone has a marketing account that you can start selling now with, with zero followers. So that's a huge part of this too. You definitely need to take advantage of that. And then Leo also mentioned

Speaker  937061:20
montage type video as well. Yeah? Like, if you had, say you had like, 100 Okay, videos, could you make montages with four or five crazy yeah.

Speaker  939370:40
Like, yeah. Certain products, you don't it can just be music and just a bunch of pretty girls holding the product. Um, certain products will require a little bit more. Like supplements will require a voiceover. So you, you'll need to get creative with the voiceover. But just Yeah, people holding it, you know, a montage with music and a voiceover for supplements, some products like clothing or accessories or even makeup you don't even a text will do the job, and music will do the job. And if you really want to get aggressive that you could post like six more posts a day on your account. I want to do more than six, but three to six more posts per day on your account. And those, those will automatically be picked up by Jamie max if they're good. And then you pay zero commission on that. I first went viral with 2 million views, 2000 sales on a video on my own account. So I paid zero commission. And then Leo's point about the the other campaigns that you can do that are $100 that is. That's huge I would do if you have the budget and the time, do that first, right? So do your research on Call of data, find your scripts and find five really good people to make the same video, pretty much like, pretty much the same video, the video that you think is going to be the best, right? Have those five do them first, and then use those as examples for your blast. So your blast, so you have five, yeah, five already awesome videos, and then just tell your entire blast. Just look at these five videos, copy it, and you're gonna go,

Speaker  964496:00
smart, yeah,

Speaker  964912:00
there's a lot of follow up questions from there. So am I right? I'm thinking, with every joint brands video you own the right sort of content, right? In a terms of service, is that right?

Speaker  967141:20
Nick 100% Yeah, it's all yours forever. Awesome

Speaker  967877:19
advantage, right? And that's water tight.

Speaker  968693:20
You can repurpose them if you want, on your other socials, yeah, wherever you want.

Speaker  969813:20
Yeah. Another question from Gary, which is like, where's a good place to find really good Tiktok editors?

Speaker  972298:40
Upwork, yeah, Pakistanis, they're good.

Speaker  973514:40
Always good to hire a killer from Pakistan. If you can,

Speaker  974266:40
how do you find an editor that knows how to mash up that Tiktok doesn't flag it? That's, yeah,

Speaker  976672:00
yeah, I've had good luck with the Upwork and the Pakistani guys. They seem to be the best,

Speaker  979840:00
awesome. So are there any like, Are there any hard and fast rules about how much you have to change it for it to not be flagged.

Speaker  982037:20
Make sure that first, like six seconds is as changed as possible. So if there's any like the Tiktok will pick up on the audio and the visual. So you should be muting most of it anyway, because you don't want to montage of different people saying different things at different times, you'll be muting it anyway, and then inverting is huge. You can put like filters on it. I'm not exactly sure what my guy's doing, but it's definitely you want to make sure those first six seconds are as undetectable as possible, and just make sure your editor doesn't use the first six seconds of any of the videos. So if you just leave that part out, then you should be good. And then when you upload it, use the in house music. So your your Pakistani guy might use music in his video in order to, kind of just like make it inspire him while he's editing, which makes sense, but mute that and use the in house music on Tiktok.

Speaker  999445:20
Great, awesome. Alex, thanks. We've got time for one more question. If anyone wants to ask another question, I got one.

Speaker  1002005:20
Would you say that you mentioned CMOS? I'm assuming you're talking about true CMOS. Would that be like a good case study or example of sort of like what you're talking about, best practices? You know, based on your talk,

Speaker  1005722:40
I was not true CMOS, but I mentioned it only because it was a supplement and it was very easy to launch. What was it? Year ago, on Tiktok with high all you did is you just put it, send it to creators with high permission, promise, and that's it. 40% these days, it may not work anymore, and 20% is way too low for call, start for for launching, right?

Speaker  1013749:20
Did we cover this on a mobile call, right, where you said you just found the trending supplement. So just test out to see, to see if you could get it to work. And it worked

Speaker  1015717:20
pretty well. Yeah, I got very quickly to like, 100k monthly. Yeah, I sold out everything very quickly, yeah. But once you sell out, everybody starts complaining. All those creators start like they don't make money anymore, right? And, yeah, but it was just a test.

Speaker  1020890:40
So do you think that potentially, just going off the trending supplements and going big could be, could, could be a decent strategy?

Speaker  1022682:40
Yeah, yeah, there's always a strategy, but you have to be in it. And you Yeah, it's a good strategy, I think, but you got

Speaker  1024672:00
to go big. You got to order big, right?

Speaker  1025312:00
It's, it's a lot of risk too, right? So, yeah,

Speaker  1026384:00
gotta go. You gotta go, what like 20, 30,000 right? You gotta,

Speaker  1027696:00
I mean, these days is this NAD plus and something else, something else there is, every month there's a new supplement, right? And you just copy the strategy exactly. You do exactly the same thing, and you get very close to that, like, same result, right?

Speaker  1031637:20
So I think, I think, though we've we don't realize how fortunate of it, of a position we're in as Amazon sellers who have already have, you know, our suppliers, we already have 1000s of rebes on Amazon. We already have 1000s of units being sold a month. All you're really doing is taking a little bit of risk by placing a larger purchase order that than you normally would, right? Maybe we normally purchase three to six months at a time. Now you're going to do a year, and you know, depending on it's going to tighten up cash flow. You might need to take out a loan to do it, but you're going to sell all of that stuff anyway on Amazon. I'm talking about existing products. Obviously, launches is different. So there are brands that are doing this on Tiktok without that, right? They don't have an Amazon listing. They don't have a way to sell this if they if they fail and they're succeeding. So we're in a position to totally like, just, there's no reason why you shouldn't give this a shot if, if, if you're already selling on Amazon.

Speaker  1047957:19
Definitely

Speaker  1048357:20
awesome guys. Well, yeah, I hope you guys got some great stuff and that your your next launch is huge. Thanks for the questions and the interaction, guys. Next time we've got we're going back to Amazon, so we're doing ranking and SEO on Amazon with Alex cheerio and Matt Allman. So that should be a great one. All right, thanks, Leo.

Speaker  1054378:40
Thank you. Thanks, Leo. Thanks everyone.

Speaker  1054922:40
Feedback form, guys, don't forget the feedback form. Don't go no, fill out the feedback form.

Speaker  1056992:00
Bye, guys, open it up. Call me. MDS,

Speaker  1058240:00
nothing to go on, right? Seriously, I appreciate if you can fill out a feedback form. I'll catch you guys later.

Speaker  1059840:00
All right. Bye.
