MDS Logistics Channel Call
Date: May 01, 2025

Speaker  544:00
But we'll still need to record. So please don't let me forget not taker. No taker, no taker. Ryan,

Speaker  5504:00
if any of you wants to show your faces, that would be really great for us to not feel so lonely. Which you can do whatever, if you're Like in bed or something.

Speaker  11397:20
I way,

Speaker  14698:40
sure,

Speaker  17951:59
oh, because I'm inviting everyone through Google Calendar to these. All of the note takers are showing up. These are all the clicks that you're probably hearing. Sorry about that. Can you talk just a bit Mo, because I think you are cutting.

Speaker  25525:19
Oh, yeah, something's going on with Your mic, for Sure. I

Speaker  28346:39
think I

Speaker  39093:20
Okay, nice little crowd here. Hope Mel can figure out the issue with his mic, because I wasn't being able to hear him correctly. He Hey, Alex, thank you for showing your face.

Speaker  45178:40
Yeah, can you hear me now? Yes,

Speaker  45594:40
that's much better. Perfect. Yeah. Okay, amazing. We have 25 people here. That's and please let me know, Mo, when I when you want me to start actually recording the call, so if anyone is able to join, we can see you later.

Speaker  51728:00
Yeah. I mean, I just wanted to share the background, but I cannot figure out how to share a specific screen. It's sharing the whole thing. I don't know.

Speaker  54965:19
One second

Speaker  56325:20
you should be able to like, select whatever you want to share. But sometimes

Speaker  57925:20
it's okay, yeah, sometimes just taking, let me see again. Let me see if I get to choose one second, yeah,

Speaker  60602:40
yeah, I'm seeing,

Speaker  61386:40
yeah. I'm just gonna make it Yeah, that's gonna make it bigger.

Speaker  63674:40
Okay, okay, this just as a background, like for today. Okay, yeah, can, can we get started? Yeah, yes,

Speaker  65360:00
let's record. Okay, welcome everyone to the logistics channel. Call with Mo, thanks for being here and you can get started. Yeah,

Speaker  68560:00
hello, everyone. I'm Mo Kuhail. I'm the moderator for the logistics channel for today's format. I'm gonna, I don't have slides for today. I think I've been having so many slides in the past, and I feel like during this time, it's, it's, I want to give the chance for everyone to ask questions again, even if you guys don't have questions, uh, happy to talk about the latest update, and happy sort of to have a discussion about logistics, tariffs and what sort of everyone's seeing in the past, I don't know, few weeks or so. Yeah, so if anyone has a question, please use the raise a hand button, and then we can get started. And of course, if anyone has feedback or inputs, please feel free to chime in and then give your opinion or your perspective. Yeah,

Speaker  87605:19
I feel free to open up your mics. Yeah,

Speaker  88837:19
sorry this. I think I'm just gonna remove the sharing. Just makes it easier so I can see everything I want to see if there's any question in the show, in the chat options. Oh, no, nothing there. So any, I think, is Ryan in the call? I think, yes, I think you had a question. You said you might, you might want to ask me during the call. I mean, yeah, perfect. I didn't mean to pick you, but I thought we could get started with you. Yeah,

Speaker  98000:00
that's perfect. Yeah. I was trying to

Speaker  99216:00
figure out how to raise my

Speaker  99600:00
hand run too. I'm doing a little walk, no worries.

Speaker  100896:00
Yeah, but

Speaker  101200:00
yeah, yeah. So I'm wondering if there's been any increases in the amount of shipments that are being, like, audited, inspected at the borders, like, if we've seen an increase in that and, yeah, I'm mainly curious on, like, what somebody should be thinking or looking out for from a point of view of, like, doing DDP shipping right now, like, what, what are the the added risks that, any added risks that would have been different now than it was a couple months ago, or something? Yeah?

Speaker  112250:40
Okay, perfect. That's that's a good question. First of all, not sure if everyone here is familiar with DDP. If not, let me know again, why. I want to say there might be some people not agreeing with DDP here. It's okay. I think we all have different views. I think it's very important to understand the pros and cons or the risk, and I want to say, end of the day, it's, it's your business decision, and it depends, and it's up to you how you want to do things. Yeah, just, just to make it clear for everyone. Okay, so right now, I haven't seen anything yet, but I have a feeling that there'll be more in inspection and exam the next few weeks. The reason is, imports are down from China. I'm sure you've seen the video by the by California Governor regarding la port. Yeah, my, my only, my only like concern is if it goes way, way, way down, which means CBP will have more time to sort of random, select more containers, more shipment, to do an audit. I mean, having an audit is not, is not, is not a bad thing. I mean, even us, when we go through the airport. Sometimes we get picked by customs. I mean, the only thing that the delays that might happen from these, from these exams, I think I had one in January, before the tariff started. And, I mean, it was held by customs, and then the exam took one month, and there was nothing like, like, they didn't even ask for documents or anything. It just the the time wasted by having your shipment being held by customs. Now I'll, I think I'll have more update in the next, in the next few weeks. What? What do I suggest now, like, even, even, even though, say, if we don't have height, higher turfs if you're really on again, this is only if you're doing DDP, if you're on DDP already. My only advice to everyone here to split up your shipment, meaning that if you have one DDP, shipment, I don't know, going to AWD. You know, usually when you ship to AWD, you get only one location. Yeah, for FBA, you get five locations, unless you you pay the placement fee. So if you say, if you get one location, which is the case for AWD, I wouldn't ship it all. One DDP shipment. I would ship it. I'd split it up to four or five shipments. The reason behind it, just in case, if something gets flagged by customs, again, when something gets flagged by custom, usually your freight forwarder will work with custom. I think many things, okay, this, this shipping got flagged, it means customs will see it doesn't work that way. There is sort of, there's sort of steps and sort of communication between the broker on customs, and customs only sees it at the very last end, I think everyone jumps into my car gonna be seized. Let's not just not think about that. I'll explain more in details. So yeah, I mean when, when you diversify and you say you have four or five shipments, say one gets flagged, say maybe it will be held by customs for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, at least you have other four are okay. I would say a month, two month ago, you wouldn't need to do that. But right now you might have to do that more. The reason is, in the past say, say that, say the customs wanted to inspect, I don't know 1% 2% as you know guys, any vessel will have about 15,000 containers. So maybe customs want to inspect 1% 2% of those containers on that vessel. Now, as imports is down, say a vessel won't have 15,000 will have probably 8000 9000 and they use the same percentage. That means there is more containers would be inspected. Again. Inspection is fine as part of how the world works. The only concern is, do you want to wait more on until your cargo arrives at Amazon or AWD. That's the thing that we all hate, because it depends how you build your lead time. Some of us maybe they don't have a buffer store, or even considered that. Maybe there, there's a customs delays because their container gets flagged. So that's that's how, the way I I sort of see it. I My only My other concern is, I know money that are holding their shipments, they don't want to ship anything out of China, which is fine, but, but what if we have resolution? I mean, a trade resolution, maybe in the next two, three weeks, or four weeks between China and USA. I'm sure you know what. What are the consequences everyone, everyone have their cargo ready to go, probably even manufactured finished goods. Everyone say, Okay, it's time to ship. And you know what happened that will raise the containers prices like, like all up to the roof, and we will see, probably, prices or rates, like COVID, times where the container was 20, 25,000 right now the containers are between 1200 to 1500 it's, it's very low, I think one of the lowest in the past, I don't know, 2034, years, something like that. So here's, here's, here's the scenario, even though, I mean, even though, I mean, I think tariffs will never be zero, maybe they will go down to 20, 3040, who knows how much exactly, but will never be zero. My concern is containers go up to 25,000, and then the tariffs is 50. That doesn't give us any advantage, just the same as if you're shipping. Now, again, I'm only comparing if you're doing DDP, if you're not doing DDP, no, waiting is better, because some products you this bill is like 100k 200k 300k so no, I mean, in this case, you want to wait if you don't want to do DDP, yeah, but if you're doing DDP, I feel like there's not much differences between now or in 30 days. I mean, if, I mean, of course, if you don't need the inventory, you could have it stored in China, but if you need to ship it, you would have, I mean, you wouldn't need to wait. Yeah, you want to, you know, you want to account for all these delays. I think it's a good time to ship. In my opinion, if you're doing PvP, rates are down, so they help with the tariffs, for sure, like I'd say 90% 95% of the rate, it's the tariff, and then 5% it's the ocean freight itself, for now, but yeah, exams I'm worried about. But again, like a good straight forward should know how to handle it. The only thing what I tell everyone, if you split up the shipment and speak with your freight forwarder, say, Hey, I'm shipping the I'm splitting up the shipment. I'm giving you five FBA IDs or five AWD star IDs. But please, please, please, do not load them all on the same container. I need to see five container numbers like split them up. He might ask why? He said, Okay, you never know. Maybe that container gets flagged by customs. I want to make sure that I have some cargo ready to be delivered. Yeah, that's the way, how I see it. I don't know if Ryan, that answers your question. If you have anything you want to ask more, since I have you here, but that's sort of how I see it. I don't see other way until we see a trade resolution soon. I've been speaking with a lot of sellers. They said they want to try to store some other countries. But the thing is, there's so much uncertainty now, like even though you could start from another country, but then what if there is a trade resolution in the next month or so? So it's a bit tough, but I'm not saying it's not a good time to look for other countries, like Taiwan is an option, Vietnam as well from my Hurd. But again, it doesn't work for all the products. Some products is impossible, like toys, for example, like toys and electronics, China is number one exporter when it comes to those two categories. Yeah.

Speaker  248421:20
Okay. Thank you so much, MO. I appreciate that. The only follow up I had, I'm wondering is, I just want to confirm five different destinations, but it's important for those five to be on different containers or different boats.

Speaker  253178:40
Yes, yes, yeah. Again, some, if they ask you why, I just want to diversify. It's not their business. I mean, they might, they might tell you, Oh, they might not leave all on the same days. It's okay as well. That's why you're sending it like into five. I mean, you're splitting it up into four or five, six. I mean, for me, if you're doing BDP, BDP rates, whether you're sending a case or two cases or 100 case, it's the same price. I mean, you're being priced per kilo or something, or per CVM. It depends on your freight forwarder. Sending more is not going to give you a discount. That's the way, how I see it. Yeah. The other way, if your freight forwarder does not want to do that, then don't give him all the cargo ship something every two, three days. That's another way. Or every week, yeah, that's another way to just, sort of, you know, to diversify until we see what's going to happen, because DDP was very successful in the past because of that high volume between China and USA. I think DDP will lose a little bit of its advantage once imports go really, really down. But I don't know the threshold or number, but the way, how I see it, as long, as long, straight forward, as in China are taking still BDP shipment, then we sort of okay. I mean, but for how long? I have no clue. I mean, I mean, if imports goes to zero, I mean, I doubt it's going to go to zero. Then, then, you know, then customs have no work. That means they're gonna probably expect every, every shipment. And then, not necessarily, not necessarily every shipment is wrong. Sometimes they just want to check what's inside. Sometimes it's, it's the manifest. If it's a manifest, they want to see do, does he have the correct packing this? Does he have the correct bit of learning is inside the container? 500 cases matches what's what the bill of lading says, stuff like that. And then there's, of course, they can audit values as well. I mean, just, you know, that's part of what they do. But yeah, I mean, diversification is very important now, yeah, for especially if you do DP, yeah.

Speaker  286346:40
Thank you so much, Mai. I appreciate you a lot. Yeah, you're awesome. You I'm

Speaker  289792:00
just trying to see if there's any questions on the chat. If anyone has I mean, yeah, hey, Peter, oh,

Speaker  292799:59
just to be clear, I hear the term bonded warehouse being thrown around across the Facebook. MDS, can you just comment a little bit about the what people are thinking with that in terms of tariffs, or what the strategy is with bonded warehouse?

Speaker  297301:20
Thanks, yeah, yeah. So bonded warehouse, that concept, has been there for years and years. It's not something like new. So the way how a bonded warehouse works? I mean, it exists in many countries. In Canada, we also have bonded warehouses. It's the way how it works. It's still a warehouse with very high security, and it has to be approved by customs, meaning that when you shift to that bonded warehouse, think of it. It's like a free zone area where where you, where you didn't have to clear customs, as long you're distant to that bonded warehouse. And then the moment you want to get things out of that bonded warehouse, then you have to pay your duties and taxes. For me, I again, there's so many cases for it. For me, I think, I, I think if you're someone that does DDP, you probably do not need it. The My only, I think the only time where I see it's important if you're a big, big seller and you have very high duty bills, and you don't want to wait a month, because if you wait a month, those containers that they were 1500 they might be 20, 25,000 you want to ship now, basically, and then store them at that bonded warehouse, and then hoping in a month or so there's sort of a resolution or something. Yeah, that's the only like, that's the biggest, biggest case study for it. The only thing, what if there is no a trade? What if there is no any solution? Like, soon, I don't know. Like, they're usually expensive. Their prices is three, four times any any regular warehouse, because there they are special warehouses. They don't operate the same way as any other warehouses. You're basically delaying the turfs in the hope that they'll go down one day. But again, I don't know, like, if you're not a fan of DVP, and you don't want to get into DVP, because there's so many questions about it. It could be an option. I more prefer storing in China and then drift feed. Even say, if I don't do DVT, it's Think of it like the stock Do you want to buy? Do you want to buy lump sum? Or do you want to do the dollar cost averaging where you buy every week or every day? But again, I see big sellers that they don't do DVP. It could be, it could be something, because, who knows, maybe in a month, they have a trade. I mean, those big sellers, they might ship 2030, Containers per month. So containers prices go up from 1500 to 20, 25,000 that's a lot of money. Yeah,

Speaker  340928:00
right, but, but I think if I heard you right, you could get a bonded warehouse say, if truly, the container cost is going to potentially go from 1500 to say, 25,000 then wouldn't you want to get the shipment to the US, as an example, in a bonded warehouse, and then as soon as the tariffs change, you can release it from that bonded warehouse, right?

Speaker  346842:40
Right, yeah, yes, correct. That's, that's, that's, I would say that like the, the best example to describe why people doing it now. But here's the the question, what if, I mean, what if there's no resolution, I don't know, in a month, two months, three months, per month. The other thing you want to look at the storage fees, because the storage fees is not, you're not looking at, I think I was asking someone, they were telling me 30 or $40 per pallet. Usually in LA, you could get $12 $15 like, I mean, that's just the fees for storage stuff. So you need to do the math, because you might be saving on the container fees now, but, I mean, there's the problem is, there's so many unknown uncertainty, like, like I see, I see like, sellers who do not want to do, DDP, would go with a bonded warehouse, sellers who who do, DP, they don't care. They're going to store in China. They're going to keep shipping every week, drip feeding, because end of the day DDP rates, even if they go up, they go only by a few cents, or by 20 cent, 30 cent, like, like, even, even when, when duty rates went from went up to 140, 5% the DDP rates, I don't know, by maximum, went $1 or two per kilo. So, again, again, like, I'm not saying do DDP, but this is, this is why people use this bonded warehouse. I was speaking with one of one of one of the biggest, like one of one of one of the sellers that I know, he's big. He does 300 millions per year. He doesn't want to do DDP, and he feels that he wants to ship now to a bonded warehouse, because he ships so many containers per month, and then having to pay an extra $20,000 per container. It's a lot of money, yeah.

Speaker  377173:20
So, so really, it's three, kind of three dimensions, right? It's the it's the cost of the of the shipment or the container. It's the storage fee in the US bonded versus non bonded, and then, and then the time, time to Yeah, or those are kind of the three legs,

Speaker  381754:40
yeah. The other concern is, say, in a month, we have a resolution and the containers prices went up, is they're going to be the delay everywhere, delay in China, delaying at the port. So those delays could delay so many containers. So that's another advantage. Why you want to ship now, when everyone is not shipping to a bonded warehouse, yeah, but again, end of the day, you're not escaping from that tariffs. You have to pay that bill once your staff leave the warehouse. So the question is, how long your stuff is going to stay in that warehouse? We do not know yet. Like, like,

Speaker  391541:20
yeah, do you happen to know what special terms to become a bonded warehouse? Like? And I think, I think you said is that is the bonded warehouses versus non bonded warehouse in terms of storage fees is like a rule of thumb. Is it like three to one in terms of cost per month? That's what

Speaker  396122:40
I have seen, yes, okay. I mean, okay, that's what I have seen, but, but just not. I mean, they don't I mean, everything with bonded is more expensive. I mean, yeah, just make sense. Yeah, the storage is one of them. They might have other admin fees, they might have processing fees, they might have receiving fees more expensive, but how to become a bonded warehouse? I mean, I've never looked into it. I mean, I'm sure if you search it on the internet, I know some MDS member were thinking to make their warehouses bonded one, but I don't even know if you have to, probably, like, choose a specific area, or has to be close to somewhere. I have never looked into it. Like, I know a lot of ppl businesses, but not, not, but, I mean, they remind me a lot. I mean, when, when I used to live in Dubai, they remind me a lot of the free zone area. The Free Zone is, technically, it's like a bonded warehouse, somehow, like, like they like in Dubai, for example, beauties are 5% if your stuff stays in the free zone area. There's no 5% because they give you the chance to do whatever you want to do, if you want to, if you want to re export them, there's no the moment, the moment that the products leave the free zone area. You have to pay that 5% Yeah, your tariffs, yeah. Maybe

Speaker  415898:40
Amazon will eventually create an AWD, that's a bonded warehouse for,

Speaker  417072:00
oh, wow. I mean that. That would be amazing if they do that, yeah, and then stuff that. But then then the question is, even if they create one, they might not allow us to send the products from Amazon, not Europe yet. So I don't know how they would do that, like how they would segregate or separate, but it's an idea too, definitely. Yeah,

Speaker  423605:20
all right, thank you.

Speaker  424069:20
You're most welcome. Yeah, I'm just, I'm just gonna try to see if there is any questions. Yeah, there are okay, one second. Okay.

Speaker  429946:40
Mo, I had a question for you. Yeah, go ahead. Ben, um, the country of origin, I've got a shipment that I'm working on, and what I'm realizing is a majority of the raw goods that they're using for the product actually come from the Netherlands, and they ship it over to China, and then they cut it and repurpose it and use it there. I'm unique, and I'm having them ship it to the US. How do you navigate something like that? Because, to me, the country of origin would still be the Netherlands. But how do I I've never had to certify that or do something, and normally it wouldn't matter, but with the craziness of these tariffs, yeah,

Speaker  440549:20
I of course

Speaker  440901:20
want to keep that. Yeah, I

Speaker  441477:20
was reading about it, for example, on my own products, we import and we import my wood from the EU but the problem is the wood is only 20% part of the product, so it does not qualify. I was even asking BT to tell me that the certain percentage, I think I remember, it was 70 or 80% something like that. But I started looking into it, but I haven't, like, I haven't completed it, but I think the way, the way, how it works, if you can, I mean, if your Chinese supplier can sort of provide, like, a certificate of manufacturing for all these items that they're made in Netherland, then then you might have a good case. The only thing I'm not sure about the assembly if it takes over or not. So, for example, say you have all your items from the Netherlands, but the assembly happens in China. I don't know if the assembly takes over the other because I was looking into it the past few days, and then I got distracted, and then I didn't complete my research. But if you want, I'm happy to look into it for you, and because I'm interested to know as well you might have a shot. I mean, you might have a shot, yeah, like, for example, even between us, US and Canada, I know about US and Canada. For example, there was something called NAFTA. They exchanged the NAFTA name to, I think all, I think the new name is called us MCA. That's the new name. So the way, how, the way, how it worked when we had NAFTA or US MCA, we would, we would give them a certificate that it was manufactured, even, even though, even though maybe some parts are, say, some parts are made in China, but because the product was, most of it made in the US, we would provide the Canadian customs a certificate of manufacturing, I don't know how it looks like. And then Canadian custom, they would take it. And then we would not pay any turn offs, because that NAFTA between US and Canada or usmca still works. I think at the beginning it didn't. And then Trump said, No, we will honor any products that fall under it. And I feel like it's sort of the same system, if we can sort of prove that, but I can look into it more and then let you know if I have more ideas or how you would probably do it, because I feel it might help. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, okay,

Speaker  480512:00
okay, cool, thanks.

Speaker  483696:00
Yeah. So, just back to the chat. I think there's one by Sam, yeah, I've seen that one. It's definitely that update about the number of audits is definitely increased so much when compared with February or January. It's very expected, because the yIds went up so many, many freight voters or many sellers would try to, you know, undervalue. The question is, is it going to go more or not, we don't know. Yv, that's why I said, even if you don't want to do DDP, just to just to avoid delays, if there's any way to break up your shipment or slide it up, that's that's a good way, because so many audits. But again, they can only take that much, because, end of the day, they can't audit everyone, because some, I mean, otherwise, none of the shipment will pass through. Yeah, that's the way how I see it. Yes. I mean, again, the only thing I say diversifies. I mean, split up your shipments and more shipments. But it's, it's very expected, yeah, yeah. I think there's also a suggestion to ship by the slowest ship, just to buy yourself some time. Yeah, that works too, in the hope that the tariff will go down or so, yeah. The another question by Sam, what saving are you assuming? Or DDP versus non DDP shipments, 35 not even 35 way more than that. You would say even close to 100% Yeah. I mean, the the ocean freight rates are the same. It just DDP is the way, how they value that the products, how they how much they undervalue? Are they aggressive? Are they conservative? That one makes, if you ever shop around for dv rates and you find different rates, it's the same vessel, same stuff. The differences is, one may be aggressive, one is sort of conservative. So another suggestion, don't do don't work with someone very aggressive. Maybe diversify. Don't work with one. Trade forward. Maybe work with two. It's like when you're launching products on Amazon. Maybe you do some of them that would break even for the three four months. And maybe you want some of them that makes you money from first month, something like that. Yeah. A question by Aaron, well, what kind of documentation are you getting on DDP shipping? I hear a pushback, pushback on any kind of custom documentation with DDP. So what are you demanding and what are you getting? You will never get anything. They never give you. That's how it works. It's a black box. They'll never give you any documents. Because if they give you the if they give you the documents, you sort of gonna know who they are, how much they're undervaluing, what exactly they're doing, and they're not gonna give, give that to you. Yeah, even in even when there's a problem with customs, they'll probably handle it themselves. And you and you probably won't know what, what's happening between them and customs. They know, I don't know. They know what, values, what triggers the customs to do a flag, or even the even customs might not like the invoices. They might even submit another invoices and and they might even pay out of their pocket, but that's how their business work. They sort of have insurance, like insured like, even though, say, you have a shipment with them for 10k and then it ends up for them 15k they're gonna suck it up. They're gonna pay the differences. They're not gonna ask you, oh, by the way, we miscalculated. That's how their business model works, yeah? Because think of it like a home insurance. When you have a home insurance, does everyone house get burned? No. I mean, that's, that's how it works. They never give documents. Yeah, I've never seen anyone giving any documents. Yeah, that's why I tell everyone it's a black box. Yeah, yes. A question by David, I know you mentioned splitting up shipments for DDP, or even if you're doing a full even if you don't do DDP and you want to do FCL, it's a nice way just to sort of make sure if something gets flagged, you have other other stuff, you know, available to be delivered to Amazon. But what if you're shipping full containers? Normally, would you not ship full container that split up? Yes, I would. If I'm not, say, if I'm not doing the DDP, I want to shift full containers, I would split I would split them up into, obviously, else. And I Yeah, it's gonna cost a little bit more, but it's more like you're making sure that, unless you have, like, I don't know, five, six months of stock, and you're okay if that container gets delayed by custom, then, yeah, go FCL. But remember when you if you do DDP, there's no FCL with DDP, even if someone offers FCL, DDP is too risky. You want your stuff to be mixed with others, yeah, and you want to split up as much as you can. They basically, but, yeah, I mean, if I, if I do full containers, I wouldn't do it in full that's just to split up again. I'm only doing this just to make sure that if something gets flagged by custom, which is, okay, it's part of the business, I have other cargo, okay, yeah. Because the chance that all five containers get flagged is, it's very low. I mean, I mean, I mean, you can even, you can even go more specific, don't send even those five shipping on the same vessel. You can even be like, Oh, I don't want them to go on the same vessel. I want different vessels. But that means they would not leave on the same day, too, as well. Just, you know, to diversify, Yeah, question by June, I haven't what? Yeah, it's about Brandon's young first doctrine transfer. I heard about it in the past. I haven't attended his his call, but I heard there was sort of pushback about it, because some said it doesn't work. Some said it's very hard to to prove that, and even many of us worked with manufacturers directly. So I'm not sure if it's if it's worth my time. I mean, I just rather do DDP. I mean, that's the way how I see it. I haven't found anyone doing it and having success. It's easy to talk about theories. Oh, it's gonna work stuff. And I know many sellers in the MDS, they're very advanced. Not everyone using a trading company. I know, yes, you could, even if it's not a trading company, you could do something, but I'm not sure if it's worth the time and the efforts as well. Yeah, but I'm looking into it more, but I haven't heard anyone had success. There was so much pushback about it. Yeah, easy to come with theories and talk about it day and night, but the question is, does it work or not? That's the question, yeah. If no one has question, is anyone, I mean, anyone, feel free to chime in. Is anyone shipping now? Is anyone waiting what's sort of the game or for most of you here?

Speaker  596944:00
Anyone wants to talk? Yeah, hey, Mo, it's Alex. Hey, Alex. I'll

Speaker  598325:20
say I'm sort of, I'm with you. I'm sort of shipping now as needed. I'm just afraid that when tariffs do have some kind of reprieved it's just going to be a total run on on every piece of the supply chain. So you're going to have crazy cost increases, crazy delays, log jams on both sides, freight, trucking, everything else. So it's almost like, you know, you pay a known quantity now, or you pay an unknown quantity then. I mean, tariffs probably won't be what they were before. They'll be higher and somewhere maybe in the middle. But like you said, the variability of freight, container space, you know, Port delays. I mean, I envision COVID level stuff, when you've got just ships sitting off a Long Beach or off of any any container port, waiting to be unloaded for days and weeks at a time. So, I mean, it's sort of, it's sort of, you know the devil you know right now, versus the devil you don't know. There's, there could be a ton of unforeseen things and delays and extra costs down the road. Yeah,

Speaker  612752:00
I my, I agree with you. That's, that's why I do too. My other concern is there was an executive order signed by Donald Trump for the trucking for the language requirement, and I don't know how that's going to affect because if that's affect the tracking business, we depend on those truckers to deliver our stuff from from the port to the warehouses. So that's another concern. I remember during during COVID time, there was so much demand on shipping that the number of Cha say or truckers were not meeting that demand, that we would have to wait at the port, sometimes weeks to get our stuff truck. So I'm hoping that did not happen. And my own belief, I believe, even though they don't speak English, but I'm sure they, they have sort of some licensing or or they even they know the signs in their own language too. So not speaking about who's right who's wrong here, but that's another concern. Like, I'm worried, maybe now it's okay, but maybe in a month, who knows what's, what's going to be I mean, because most truckers in LA area, they're Latinos too. I mean, based based on the ones I dealt with or have seen, yeah,

Speaker  632741:20
hey, Mo, we got, we have a couple on the water right now that are doing in about 10 days to two weeks. So a little gut check. Intestinal

Speaker  635786:40
Is it full containers or smaller shipments,

Speaker  636554:40
FCL, and then, and then we have two more containers sitting in the end, 10 that are set to go in the next six to 10 days. So, I mean, we own our our production, so we can get a little bit more creative on, on costing, etc, and then we actually grow our own stuff. So we have an intermediary, because we have two different companies over there that sell each other, so there's a little bit of flexibility. But

Speaker  643104:00
do you do the final assembly in the state or they're all done in China? So yeah,

Speaker  644272:00
no, all done in our own in our own facilities over there. So yeah, one,

Speaker  645360:00
one other. By the way, since you spoke about this, the cost, one other suggestion, I wish Brandon young mentioned it. It might work, because I've already asked a trade attorney about it's 100% legal. Of course, do your own research. Is asking the supplier if they're willing to ship under their name. That means they're becoming the importer, being that they use their own actual cost. Like, for example, say the park costs $6 but their cost is $3 this is not VP. This another person legal. They'll become the importer in China. The question is, how do you content convince your Chinese supplier to get a Customs bond and becoming the importer? That's that's a challenge by itself, but they accept and they become the importer. There is no way customs can, I mean, they are the factory, so they're not, I mean, they're not playing games. They're just showing that the real cost, and then you have to pay them the duties separately. And I asked at trade attorney about 100% legal. But the question is, I don't know if all Chinese supplier willing to do so. I mean, can customs audit them? Yes, but they are factory. They have a higher chance of passing that exam more than us, because they can prove it. I mean, yeah, that's another way, but I don't know. I mean, if they're willing to do so, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  666437:20
I mean, we are the exporter and importer on both sides. So yeah, for sure, helps but challenging over there, but it is very easy to get space right now. But the biggest problem we're actually seeing is boats are not landing, even though we're supposed to be on they're sitting off shore, anchored waiting to be loaded. Oh, wait.

Speaker  673536:00
They arrived at LA but they're not no

Speaker  674048:00
no in China. In China, boats obviously don't have full don't have full loads, but we're seeing delays on that end. And we've actually had multiple we've been had multiple bumps as a result of boats not coming up. Yeah, so that's

Speaker  678133:20
so that's what they call a blank sailing. Because what happens the prices are too low, and the only way to bring the prices little bit up by canceling or by delaying? Yeah, yeah, that's not good, yeah, because I had has something shipped in days ago. No problem left in time. But I can imagine this is going to happen more and more now. Yeah, yeah. We had

Speaker  684010:40
a couple coming into Vancouver, actually going to Canada that just saw that actually had three bumps in a row. So were

Speaker  685994:40
they, were they distant to Canada, or were just passing through Canada? Um, they

Speaker  687066:40
were going to be passing through Canada, going to us first. So us

Speaker  687978:40
first? Yeah, yeah. How? I mean, are you seeing a week two weeks like for the delays, how much you're seeing?

Speaker  690096:00
The one that we're seeing right now is we're at about 10 days now, but, but the boat supposed to be loaded tomorrow, but it's still sitting anchored off the antenna. Yeah.

Speaker  692736:00
There's also the holiday in China from May 1 to May 5, so that that also plays a role where everyone, I don't know, everyone tried to show before the holiday, but I know this is not the case, so I don't know, yeah, this play. Yeah,

Speaker  695733:20
he's gonna be if tariffs come down in the next five days, it's going to be a show.

Speaker  697205:20
Yeah, yeah. This is why I tell everyone who's waiting, do not wait. I mean, yeah, you have to do, you have to do whatever. Yeah? Like, yeah. I say if, if it was a fair competition on Amazon, then don't even do DP but. But the problem is, even if you play with the rules, the question is, Chinese sellers will not play by the rules, I mean, and then you are left alone. That's, that's the problem. If we have a first system, then, yeah, I'm with everyone. That's the way, how I see it. Unfortunately, yeah, I think June has a question she's asking Canada or Mexico worth exploring. I think you mean setting sitting there, right? Not not transshipping, because that does not work, because it's always by the country of origin. Mexico No, didn't do good for me. Canada. Yes, I'm based in Canada. It does 20% of my sales in the US so snakes, it pays the bills. But again, it's very dependent on the product the category. I say, if you do well on our then you'll do 10x better if you send inventory directly to Amazon Canada. I'm noticing more sellers coming to Canada because, because of the tariff situation in the US Canada, going to be even advantage. I assume, if there's no any resolution soon, even us people going to come shop from Canada as well, like, because of the tariff situation. Yeah, it's a smaller market. Definitely, I wouldn't say, like, when it comes to the top USA, then followed by Japan, then Germany and the United Kingdom, Canada would be probably number eight, nine. But it just helps. Like, even if you have extra stock ready to go in China, anyone send it to USA, I think it's a nice option. It's a nice flexibility, I mean, to be able to send it to Canada. But again, I'd say the volume would be between 10% to 2025 it depends on the niche of the product. It's very easy to tell nowadays. I know tools like helium 10 or even run the scout do not work well outside the US marketplace. But now you have how many units that have been sold in the past 30 days by Amazon. They're sort of accurate. It gives you an idea how much top sellers are making in sales, and then it gives you an idea how much you need to order, yeah, but again, like even in Canada, you cannot just still, like that. You need to be registered. You need to get a business number. I mean, you can import number if you don't, I mean, I wouldn't. I mean, you could do DDP from China to Canada too, but it's sort of a disadvantage, because in Canada, if you registered, you get all those taxes back. So you want to get those taxes back, we because in Canada, when you, when you export to Canada, there's we paid, we pay. So the way how it works in the state, when you pay, when the customer pays the sales taxes, that's one time it's happening when the customer pays it for us in Canada, it's different. It's like the UK. You pay sales taxes at import, and then the customer pays sales taxes when they buy the product, and then when you file your taxes, you get sort of the differences. So, so that 5% that you pay at import, if you're not registered, you will never get it back, yeah. So just, just to give you Yeah, kind of idea, some people do not care about it, but for me, as someone here in Canada, no, I want to get that money back, because I can even get the PPC, uh, also taxes, back FBA fees. It's very important to have that restriction from day one. That's the way. How I see it, yeah, Mexico is not Yeah. Mexico didn't do well for me, and it's very hard to sell directly. I think you need a Chinese partner, a Mexican partner. From what I heard, yeah, yeah. I've heard that a lot Chinese sellers are dumping inventory kind of lower prices. Just to be aware, yeah, I'm starting to notice that I've seen six new competitors that used to sell in the US now, but showing up in Canada, yeah. And very, very low prices. Yeah. Margins are not the best in Canada. Yes. I mean, depends like PPC costs are way lower than the state, than the US. But the problem is the FBA fees. FBA fees are the most expensive in the Canadian marketplace, from what I noticed as someone, I sell in Europe, in Canada, like I give you example, a product I sell in the US, the FBA is five and a half or $6 in the UK, it's two and a half to three pound in Canada, between 10 and 12. So you can see that FBA fee is very high. Of course, it's very proportional from the price. The question is, if you price it at 10 to 12, I mean, if, if you have that ba at 10 to 12, you're expected to price higher. But the question is, if the competition does not allow you, then you don't want to even set in Canada. So you need to analyze the market, and then see, yeah, yes, I agree with we Yeah. Big Country, high labor costs, few people, expensive babies, for sure. Yeah, totally agree. Yeah. Anyone else want to add any insights, or any anything, or anything. They think that it works for them. They want to share it here with us.

Speaker  782682:40
David, are we trying to say something?

Speaker  783514:40
Oh, no, no. I was just got out of the car. I can say that I don't know if I'm on twice. Hold on,

Speaker  785232:00
yeah, we can hear

Speaker  786464:00
you, yeah, just from big picture thinking to really not look at the PNLs for the next blank. You know, 3060, 90 days. I think those MDS players that really commit to the business, like we had something go viral in a previous year, and we spent like six or $700,000 to air the product over and I've been EO for 25 years, and my EO form was like, What are you doing? Why don't you raise the price? Hold on to your inventory? And I'm like, No, we have momentum, and we don't want to lose that. So I just think we're changing our mindset and kind of, you know, like, hopefully you're not looking at your stock market either. But just the concept that if we do the right things and bring product in, even if it's, I mean, not everybody has margins, so they can't do it, but the idea to have product continue to run the business and be a brand. I don't know everybody's, you know, products on here, but not, not selling a product on Amazon. But have a brand. We're in Walmart just launched on Costco target, you know, and obviously killing it on Amazon. But we need to keep the product coming. And I think if we do that, when everybody else raises the products in the next, you know, 3060, days, when they run out of inventory, and we have it, and we're not jacking up the prices. Either prices are going to go up significantly or they're going to come off Amazon, and people, depending on your products, are still going to need, buy and want so we're just changing a mindset a little. Obviously, do it, crossing the Ts and dotting the i's, like everybody's talked about, but, you know, I think it's hard to do, but big picture thinking, just trying to change, change our thinking.

Speaker  812106:40
Yeah. That remind me during COVID times to like, can you? Can you hear me? Or no, can you guys hear me? Maybe it's yes, I can hear you. Yes, perfect. Yeah. So that reminded me during the COVID time, it was very tough with the all these shipping costs, crazy, but I felt, who, whoever able to, you know, make it during COVID time, they like it. For me, I, many of my competitors were done during COVID, and it was tough. We didn't, we didn't make, like, good money, but the idea is, as David said, you want the business. I mean, if you have good products, good business. I mean, yes, we didn't make a lot of money, even broke even some products. It was tough, but I felt like if I didn't stay, I wouldn't have been in business today. I know this is even bigger than COVID, and it's not easy, but I'm sure, I'm sure it's, I mean, it can't last like that. It doesn't make sense. That's what the logic says. Yeah. The other thing the prices, I don't see yet, any price increase in my niches. I only compete with Chinese sellers. But at the same time, remember the 140 5% rate went in effect after April 9. So more so those vessels, they should have arrived around this time. So I think we're going to see those crazy price increases first or second week of May. And then even those, even those Chinese stars who do DDP, they have to increase. Because even DDP rates are up, they have to increase $1 or two or more, something like that. Yeah. So everyone's saying, Oh, we're not seeing anything. Because, think about it. Many of us, they might have a pre turf landed inventory. They're still selling that inventory. Many of us, maybe they were smart. They knew, Oh, we knew that tariffs gonna happen. We're gonna front load. We gonna order so much inventory. In fact, I've heard from an internal resource that FBA are at capacity, not because sales are like, really good. That's because everyone front loaded during the Chinese New Year, even before, because they know that there's the tariff is happening, and they bought like, 456, months of inventory. They don't care, even if they pay storage fees at FBA, because they know that the savings is going to be good. Yeah? But eventually, even the best of us who bought for a year or even eight, nine months, they're going to run out of that inventory, and it's going to be a fact that we have a lot to adapt or so, yeah. So, yeah, hoping, hoping to see resolution soon. I like David's example, because same thing, looking at stock market every day makes you crazy. Same thing, you know, look at your PNL, same thing now. So it's, it's very important to control our emotions and feeling and be able to, you know, pass through this, this difficult time. Yeah,

Speaker  859722:40
one thing is, when they do finalize it, it's going to be quite category dependent. So some, some categories may get exemptions. So that's something to watch out for. Now, if you maybe cross category may you may need to kind of massage things to see which

Speaker  864576:00
I'm trying to see if I can get exemptions or rulings or anything. I don't think they're allowing anyone at the moment. I don't know if they're gonna open it up. Maybe they don't allow anyone, because they might cancel everything. Who knows? But even when, when section 301, duties were introduced, there was there was an exemption, there was a way to apply for things, but not right now. I don't know if you found a way or not. I haven't found a way, yeah,

Speaker  872309:20
yeah, I agree. Chinese, they don't, they don't care. They don't play with the rules like the the even if the stuff to get confiscated, you send another shipment. Yeah, even if the Amazon account gets burned, they get another one. So this is what we're facing. Unfortunately, yeah. So yeah, we got like, five minutes before we end this goal. If anyone has anything to say or question, please go ahead. Yeah,

Speaker  878906:40
hey, I got a I got a quick question a little bit on a unrelated issue. Do you have a recommendation for someone to help register with Health Canada?

Speaker  881856:00
I have, I can't. I mean, I do you know? Do you happen to know Rana Singh? He just joined the MDS recently. I do not.

Speaker  884144:00
Yeah, you

Speaker  884416:00
might look up his name. He He's a doctor as well. He's based in Canada. He's a private labor seller. I think he worked. I think he he works. You might have known a consultant that works with Health Canada. I can ask him, if you want,

Speaker  888549:20
yeah, we're just looking it's tier one, not like tier two or three. So it's pretty simple,

Speaker  889733:20
yeah, good. Good on me being in Canada, I know many Canadian sellers and supplements, I can ask them, I think many of them work with consultants, and I can ask them, and then I'll let you know. Yeah,

Speaker  892410:40
okay, cool,

Speaker  892602:40
yeah, feel free to send me a follow up DM after Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  895354:40
Anyone else, any anything, any question, or anything you want to add, or just

Speaker  896624:00
just one slightly follow up on the Canada thing, since you're there, what do you guys use for people in the for people in the US shipping to Canada, for FBA, Canada. What do you use as, yeah, what do you use as your ser? Let me just finish the question.

Speaker  901488:00
Yeah. Go ahead. What

Speaker  901909:20
do you what do you use for your service, to claw back the the taxes, or get back the taxes? And there's a couple that have been recommended to me. I just was curious

Speaker  904117:20
as to what people used, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, the most common one was KB KBP, financials, yeah. People did not like it. They said, like me, because I'm based in Canada, I have a Canadian accountant. He does all these for me because it's, it's a Canadian company. The other recommendation is, my, my accountant. He started, he started doing, he started to claw back taxes for foreign sellers. He started the service a few months ago. I trust him, because I be with him for for almost five, six years. I'm happy to share his name here in the in the chat. Just give me one second. There are others too, but I cannot vouch for them. The Kat financial one, so many bad things said about them recently. So maybe I would avoid them. I don't know. I mean, I know them because I've heard about them. They're in all Yeah, that was

Speaker  919477:20
the one, that was the one that was suggested to me. So it's good that you say that. Yeah.

Speaker  920645:20
I mean, if you search them in the group, you'll find so many. There's two, three posts about them. What they did exactly, but I think I sort of know what happened. Has to do. Like, remember USA back in the day, where not every state was registered with Amazon. That means some states, yes, some states, No, not right now I think the market place payment facilitator is with all states. So that means Amazon collects and remit to them. Canada still have this problem. Not every province they they have this, this option where they collect animate taxes, so sales taxes. So that's why, I think what happened, someone tried to register in another state and they did not pay that state. So that's the whole story. What happened? I wouldn't say it's KVP 400% but anyways, I mean, end of the day, do you let me just share my guy here quickly and yeah, just just send him an email. He's very good. I can't vouch for him. I can't vouch for others, because I only work with this guy. I mean, KV financial was a good one, but there are some question marks about about him. Now just going to share here quickly in the group. That's his email, and that's his name, his name, he also has, he also has a Facebook group called selling on the beach. It has three or 4000 members. Basically, it's all about Canadian stuff, taxes, stuff like that. So, yeah, that's his group name, selling on the beach, because he lives in Costa Rica, yeah. Okay, thank you. Yeah. If you want more, let me know. I can try to dig in and then find more for you, and then you can interview them and then see what. But this one I bought for him, for sure. Yeah, I can mention my name. Will take care of you. Yeah, I don't get anything out of it, yeah, perfect. So that was a very good call. I'm happy to see many attendance in today's call. Yeah, just keep it up like that. And yeah, can all be reached. We have our MDS chat group. Any questions, please feel free to ask there and yeah, quick one, I think, yeah. Someone, yeah, someone, I think, sort of the fin Yeah, saying what I said about KBB financials, so they might not be bad as as people say, but again, do your own. you diligence, and yeah, it was really good call. And yeah, take care everyone. Have a good one.

Speaker  962925:20
Thank you, Mao thank you guys so much. See you soon, bye

Speaker  963728:00
bye.
