17. FC Chats_ Lessons from the Co-Founder of Starbucks Zev Siegl
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  349:52
Drinking coffee, and there was over 400 people that have literally signed up for this to get the recording or to join us live. So if you're making time, I really, really appreciate in the middle of your day, we're gonna run this for an hour. So we've got 55 minutes left. Zev and the rest of us are going to talk for the next 40 minutes. A lot of you have submitted questions, so we've reviewed them. We'll ask them as we go. It'll be a very casual and very informative conversation and then at the end. So the last 10 minutes, we're going to leave some time open for Q and A so if you have a question, you feel free to throw it into the chat or save it towards the end, and we'll do our best. We'll hand pick a few of them, and ZEV will be more than happy to answer them. So without further ado, I don't think ZEV, you really need an introduction, to be honest. But for those of you who, for whatever reason, don't know, this man in 1971 started Starbucks, and if anyone who doesn't know Starbucks, you're lying to yourself, because you know Starbucks. But since then, he's been a fantastic entrepreneur. And in our call yesterday, preparing for this, Zev, you said something to me that really stuck out. You said, I'm really good at startups. And I was like, you, this is the perfect group, because every single person that's listening has either built an amazing company wants to build an amazing companies in the process of scaling their business. So we have a lot of topics that you're able to touch on. I know we only have 40 minutes of real Q and A, so we'll move fast. But ZEV, welcome to the founders club.

Speaker  26757:20
Thank you. I'm in Seattle today talking to you from my office at home, and I'm really happy to be here. I want to say something about myself that I think needs to be said, which is, yes, I am one of the three founders of Starbucks Coffee Company. The Founders ran the company for the first 1012, years, and then sold it to Howard Schultz, who made it into a global phenomenon. When we ran it, it was a local business in Seattle, profitable, respected, well known, kind of a nice cooking little company, but very important, I wouldn't talk to you. I wouldn't presume to pontificate about that if I hadn't been a mentor to hundreds and hundreds of people for the last 10 years, all in the startup mode all over the world. Thank you zoom for making that possible. And I've just learned a tremendous amount from talking with these people one to one, about three four times. I have about three or four appointments a week, and they've taught me all sorts of things that I wish I had known when we started Starbucks. So I'm both an entrepreneur myself, but I've also been listening to entrepreneurs intensely for years now.

Speaker  50575:59
Amazing, amazing. And a lot of people on the call and oh, oh, let's go. A lot of people on the call. One thing that's very that's gonna run us through when he wants

Speaker  55973:20
to flop. I don't see this slideshow.

Speaker  56885:19
Oh, do you want to go on? Let's look at a few quick slides. Yeah. Let's look at the one of the three guys in the barrel.

Speaker  60618:39
Are we there? I can't tell. Yeah, we are, slide three, okay, founders of Starbucks. About a year before they we started the company, and as you can see, there's nothing mysterious here. We look just a lot like you guys. So three guys, we were, this is our first company. We were friends. It turned out lucky for us that we each had different abilities that really didn't cross over very much. So we were a pretty efficient team. Let's look at the second slide after that, four, number four. Well, this is the three of us doing something that you might recognize. This is called sweat equity, right? We're building the first store ourselves in this picture. And why would we do that? Well, I think you all know the answer. We didn't have enough capital. We had put in some money ourselves. But in order to get the first store open, which was sort of like a beta test for a software company, in order to get that store open, we had to build it ourselves, and it looked pretty much like a store. I'll show you a picture of it in a minute. But. Way, you sure didn't want to look at the details. And then the fifth picture in this, in the deck that we're looking at, is a guy who made a huge difference, and that's Alfred Pete. And Alfred Pete is the reason I'm talking to you today. I really believe in mentoring. I've done a lot of it. Alfred Pete, for some reason, decided that he was going to mentor these three guys from Seattle. You may know his the company that he started, Pete's Coffee Company. It's based in the San Francisco Bay Area. He has been dead for many years. The company lives on very high standards. He took an interest in us. He made sure that we stayed on the road to victory. And there's our next picture is the original logo. It's quite different than the logo today. However, in the center of it, you will see the mermaid. She's been sanitized over the years, but her head and her crown and her two tails are still in the logo that you see today, the green logo. And the last picture we're going to look at, number seven in the deck, is the interior of the first store. That's what it looked like. Now, if you're looking at your screen at this picture, you're probably scratching your head because there's no espresso machine. That's a scale, not an espresso machine, right? So the reason is, Starbucks didn't sell beverages for 10 years. We did just fine selling coffee beans for to take home and brew, or if you had a restaurant, we would be happy to supply you. And that's how we built our broom and little business. Then, starting in the early 80s, Starbucks began to experiment with coffee bars. Found it was heaven on earth for a coffee company, really a great thing to do, and moved gradually into that. So we can take down the deck. Now I don't want to bore you with a PowerPoint display here for the next hour.

Speaker  112832:00
Yeah. Okay. Zev, question for you, man, when you guys were starting, you had the two other co founders, how do you guys divide the roles? It's a big thing. We talked about in the founders club. A lot of people stepping on each other's toes. You said you guys didn't do that.

Speaker  116384:00
That was that was just really lucky. I mean, as I said a few minutes ago, I've worked with very closely with a lot of startups, so I know that we were lucky now that very often there are problems. And the problems can be really gross, not just stepping on each other's toes and wasting time doing that, but it can get really serious, where it turns out that your college roommate that you went into business with, oh, has got a little bit of a drug problem, and now you've got a real problem because he's got equity and so do you, and what are you going to do about that? So partnerships require a good fortune and good judgment,

Speaker  128618:40
but what about the actual the task between the three of you guys? So what did you do? The way

Speaker  129728:00
it broke out is Gordon Bowker was extraordinarily good at positioning the company in this Seattle market. He had a career positioning other big corporations. And Jerry Baldwin, just a really bright, wonderful guy still is, and he turned into a very good financial executive within 1012, months, surprising himself and surprising Gordon and me. So he really kept us from going off the rails. And I, at that time, was the startup guy. You know, I have some of you are going to laugh at this, but I have attention deficit syndrome. I'm an add guy. Perfect printer, absolutely perfect, because you have a million things to do, and you got to do them all. I really thrive in that kind of environment. So that was the breakout.

Speaker  146480:00
I love it.

Speaker  147215:59
Zev, you've been known to be, I mean, I would say King. I don't know what the adjective is of understanding financial forecasting. And you know, as everyone on this call is an entrepreneur in some right and myself, you know, I can tell you, has have made millions of dollars of mistakes just not knowing my numbers or how to look at it, as I would love for you to just speak to, like the way you think about financials in the business, it's so hard a lot to say, but

Speaker  155594:40
it's so important. If you're starting a company or just in life, if you belong to a service organization or community group, you want to be the person in the room who understands the books you know, who understands the numbers. You just want to be that person. Because it gives you a lot of authority and makes you really effective as a decision maker. So just going in, you want to have a basic understanding of how money flows through your business. Now, some of you are quite sophisticated at that now, but, and I would put myself in that category too. I really understand it now, but at the beginning, I wouldn't call myself a financially aware business person. Fortunately, as I mentioned, my friend and partner, Jerry Baldwin, was it's impossible, for instance, to raise money effectively in any at any point. You know, I'm not talking just about pre seed. I'm also talking about series A and B. You got to know the numbers. Because one of the things that investors like to do, and bankers also, is they like to prod you to see if you do know the numbers. You know, what's, what's your customer turnover rate, what's your return on capital? You know you need, you name the ratio. They want to ask it to you because it's part of their vetting process. They also like to, like to ask those kinds of questions because they want to be, how should I put it? They want to Lord their power over you. They, you know, it's just really important. So what do you do if you're not particularly talented in that way? What if you're a product designer? What if you're a computer science engineer? Well, you then you need a partner, you know, then you need somebody around you who can answer those questions. So, you know, when you're doing your seed round and some investor in Los Angeles says, Well, you know, I have this really detailed question. You say, Just wait a minute. My partner, Roberta, she's going to handle that one. It's okay if you aren't, you know, ready to be a public accountant yet, but you do need to have somebody around to answer those questions if it's not going to be you. By the way, this is a point that people starting their first company really get wrong. They think they can float along with their enthusiasm, and it just doesn't work anymore. Investors are too sharp.

Speaker  199941:20
What two things? One, one thing is, I want to share. It's less of a question, and just wanting to speak to it for a second. But yet, the other day, when, when we spoke and when we were guys, we were preparing for this call, because we want to guess. We want to just do as much as we can within such a short amount of time. I asked every question, and he did the most brilliant thing of all time. I want to share this with everyone. You don't even need to speak to if you don't want to. But ZEV, you paused. I asked you a question, and you, you like, fully pause, and you thought about it, and not only did you not answer, you said, you know, I'll think about that, and I'll get back to you that is so uncommon in today's world, specifically as founders and entrepreneurs, we always just want to answer right away. We always have the answer on the tip of our tongue. If you're comfortable, I'd be curious to know, like, where did that come from? From you. That's something you've always done, or have you learned? No,

Speaker  214277:20
I definitely not. I was when I was in my 30s and 40s, I was of the fake it till you make it school. It's a bad place to be. No, I think I just discovered over time, and especially from watching the people I'm mentoring and how they operate, that a pause can be really effective, even if you're you're talking to, you know, a prospective series, A investor, say, a venture capital person. You know, a pause really lets them know that you're thinking you're not going to shoot from the hip, and a lot of people appreciate that, especially, as you said, because things move so fast now, that's one of the things that I learned firsthand. Mostly, there are other things that I've learned through mentoring

Speaker  230389:20
How did you Yeah, Aaron question. How did you meet Alfred Pete? I know a lot of people on this is

Speaker  231877:20
a really, I'm so glad that you asked this. This is not just so you know people this is, was not a rehearsed question. And

Speaker  233605:20
they said, This is Pete's coffee, right? This is the guy, if you can't find a Starbucks, you could find a Pete's coffee. Yeah.

Speaker  235162:40
So there's Gordon Jerry and I. It's the fall of 1970 the store, our first store, opened March of 71 and we're fishing around. I like to get help from other people. I'm well aware of my shortcomings, so I started fishing around, doing. Research. I'm not going to tell you how you did research in 19 the fall of 1970 but I will give you a hint. It involved going to the library. And so I fished around and found that there were one or two companies in the country that were kind of doing what we were talking about doing, having a fresh, roasted coffee company, you know, and doing it at very high standard. But there were three, actually. Two of them were holdovers from the 1930s but Mr. Pete's company had only opened, had been opened only for four years at that time, and he had very good press. So I did what I encouraged, what I have encouraged so many people to do, which is I contacted him. And at that time, in the 70s, the way you contacted somebody had two choices. You could send them a letter, or you could call them. I called them,

Speaker  254970:40
and I got lucky, to be honest with you, he answered the phone himself.

Speaker  257344:00
You can imagine what that's like. You know, you're, you're, you know, a young guy nervous, and the person that you want to talk to is on the phone. Now, you didn't have to go through anybody. It was really a startling thing to have happen. And I explained to him what we were going to do, and he listened, and then he paused. He had a Dutch accent. He was born in Holland. He said, Well, Zev, if you are thinking of opening a coffee company, I think you better come down to San Francisco and talk to me. And I did what you would do. I went to San Francisco. I drove. It was 1100 miles. I got there as fast as I could. And it's completely blown away with his he had two stores open. One of them was then and still is, one of the highest volume coffee establishments in the world. And then he had a little coffee roasting plant. And he was, you know, a nice old school guy from from Europe, and he took an interest in me. I knew things were going well when he at one point, he said, Oh, let's it's five o'clock. He said, Let's go have a glass of wine. And then, while we were having that glass of wine, this was in Berkeley, California, you know, the sun's out, Everything's beautiful. And he said, Well, if you and Jerry and Gordon go ahead with this, I would be willing to give you some of my time. I will help you as a mentor. And you know, this is like God speaking to you. And he did that. He for several years, he was very available to us and helped us over lots of hills and over certain brick walls that we had run into. So you can imagine why I'm happy to talk to you today. I want to do what he did for me. That's awesome, but the message of the story is, yeah, just call them. Just contact them. Couldn't be easier. Use LinkedIn, whatever you know anybody you want to talk to, especially if you play the card. I'm a young entrepreneur, you know. You tell them what stage you're at, and then you ask for their help. And very, very important you are sure to mention either in your email or in your LinkedIn message or on the phone exactly when you want to talk to them. You say, I can we could meet next Thursday at two o'clock in the afternoon. And the reason you say that is to make him start negotiating with you about the time he's not he's not. He's no longer negotiating about whether he's going to help you anymore. You presuming that I love that? Yeah, it's really important, because otherwise, half of them slip away, you know, get back to me sometime, but you can talk to any. You can talk to anybody. Literally, in the world, it's astonishing.

Speaker  304384:00
It's crazy. We're talking to you right now. It's kind of a crazy feeling for us so full circle moment for sure, one, uh, one thing I was thinking about, right? I've had a lot of mistakes in my career, Aaron and clay as well. Is there anything that kind of still keeps you up at night in the early Starbucks days that you would have done differently if there's no same situation,

Speaker  309605:20
yeah, when we first opened, the name of the company, if you were careful or quick looking at that logo that we that was on the screen, the brown logo, the original logo, said Starbucks, coffee, tea, spices. And in the original store, there was a selection of 50 different spices. We loved the spices. We thought they were wonderful. 20 kinds of tea from, mostly from Asia and India. Wonderful selection, very high quality, thanks to Alfred Pete, by the way, let's see, spices never made it up to 1% of sales. It's. We got rid of them after one year. Killed us because we just loved them. Tea never made it above 2% do you believe that in those days, we just couldn't sell tea? So we had took tea off the logo and took it mostly out of the store, not completely, but mostly. And we decided that, yes, we were a fresh, roasted coffee company now, so that that was one lesson, another lesson is adequate capitalization. Now, nobody on this call has ever run short of capital, I'm sure, and but we did. I'll share the story, because for those of you who are doing your first company, it's really important to hear it. So we opened our first store, then we opened our second store, and our roasting plant and our first roasting plant. But in particular, we had enough money for the little roasting plant that we opened. But the second store we we had to take a lease because somebody offered us the best location in Seattle. So we took it, you know, we signed the lease and we started building the store without the capital to do that. And you can imagine what happened. The phone started ringing within a month, you know, Hi, you guys gonna pay your bills someday. And it got really bad. I mean, we were pretty close to going out of business, in my opinion. I we didn't know that at the time because we were so, so ignorant, but now I know it, and we solved it in a particular way. Oh, we had a very small bank loan. It's five or $10,000 and the banker called one day, if you can believe this, the banker called for this $5,000 loan. He said, we're going to call the loan now, you're out, you're you're out of compliance completely. And I look, I think about it now, I think, what the hell you know? What? What were they doing calling that tiny loan? Why did they just work with us? But they did call it. And at that point, Jerry and Gordon I, and I put together a quick offering, which we had to learn how to do. And we identified three people that we knew they were men our age, who were happened to be customers at our first store, so they could see what we were doing. And we sold them 15% of the company, and that we use that to pay our bills. And of course, if you've been through this, then, you know, oh, we were golden. Then we could talk to anybody. We had great credit, you know, we had no debt. We looked just great. You know, we were a little bruised by having gotten into that fix in the first place. And interestingly enough, that was the last time that the founders of Starbucks, the original founders, raised money from investors. We used debt after that, because we were profitable enough to do that we could pay loans. But, you know, that was after we had gotten a little funding. So you can imagine, you can imagine what it's like to be in a meeting with me on a one to one meeting, and you tell me that you haven't got quite enough capital, and you're going to go for it, you know, go for it, right? That's the expression everybody uses. We're going for it. I have a lot to say about Go for it, but I'm not going to bother you with that right now.

Speaker  376469:20
So in the same vein, we see a lot of a lot of venture backed companies raising crazy valuations, which, what's your what's your thoughts on raising capital soon, too soon, not doing it at all. Do you tell your officer how to say Bootstrap?

Speaker  380394:40
You know, aren't there a lot of variables and about that one can you it's just so difficult to make a comment that would apply in every case, there's so many variables. One variable. Have you done a company before? Do you look like a person who can pull it off? You know, that's that's one of the variables. And that's not a financial variable that has to do with the team. And then there are all the financial variables. And let's see, there's a wonderful company, a great young entrepreneur in Mexico City, who provides software to people who operate huge fleets of trucks. I'm not going to get into how it works, but he he had a really big problem where he's at a critical time when he was talking to an investor, and this was two years ago. This was a step up. This was a almost venture capital type investor. They lost their biggest customer. You know, that's a kind of secret that's hard to keep. So the guy figured out that they had lost their big. His customer. They later got the company back, and he said, I'm gonna I'm on hold now. I'm gonna wait and see how you guys do for the next few months. What can you imagine how crushing that was? You know the timing of losing an important customer While You Write as you're about to get finance for the to go to the next level. So, I mean, those are another those are other factors that happen. It's, it's, it's tough out there.

Speaker  408629:20
One and, yeah, it's definitely tough out there. One thing I want to bring up, and I actually this might have been the question that you had to think about yesterday, so I apologize if I'm bringing it up again. But you know, you were with Starbucks the first essentially decade, and then there was a point where, where you left Starbucks, and many of us on the call have, you know, either started multiple businesses or had to make the tough decision to leave a company and start another company. And that transition or pivot is never easy. I mean, it definitely wasn't easy for me, which I would love for you, to kind of take us through like that transition for you, starting, you know what ended up being it Starbucks, and what that meant to leave.

Speaker  421552:00
First of all, I should explain to you that Gordon and Jerry and I are still friends. That

Speaker  422917:20
should tell you important point. That's a very important point, and we have been all along.

Speaker  425349:20
My biggest asset as a startup person turned out to be a problem later on. I I'm not a corporate guy, you know, I can't keep beating the same horses, and so how I think of it, and, you know, just sticking with what we've got. And let's grow. During the second five years that I was at Starbucks, I started three different subdivisions of the company, a supermarket, arm equipment, importing, arm and another one, I can't remember right now, and my partners came to me one day and said, We need to focus on coffee. Zev, that's where all the profit is. And, you know, I and I thought about it, I said, You are absolutely right. And I we worked out a deal where they bought me out, and I went off to do something else. So for me, it was no problem at all. And I don't regret this for a minute, by the way, it's important to be comfortable in your own skin. You know, to know who you are and to make sure that you're the right guy at that time. You don't want to be the guy that gets fired by the venture capitalists on your board. You don't want to be that guy. That's painful.

Speaker  447754:40
So, so would you say that it was just you kind of recognizing that it's, it's beyond the point that you were most valuable, because that's, that's super difficult as an entrepreneur. Yeah,

Speaker  451328:00
not exclusively. I, my partners brought it to my attention. I was aware of it, but my partner's brought it to my attention, to, you know, not in an argumentative way. They just said, you know, your new divisions are great for the future, but for the present, all the money is being made from our coffee roasting and retailing and wholesaling. And you know, which part of that do you want to work on? And the answer was, I didn't, you know, I'm a startup guy, so it was, it was very easy to do.

Speaker  459786:40
And I know I'm digging deep into this, but I can tell that everyone really loves it, but I think what you're bringing up is something that is so often talked about within the founders club, and it's the idea of having hard conversations, like you just brought up a hard conversation between you and your partners, and you guys left from it, you're still friends, and you know, Starbucks went off and did its thing. And I'd love to just like, hear you, like, hear your perspective on how important hard conversations are amongst, specifically the leaders of a business. And how do you have them? Like, how do you approach them? Because clearly you have,

Speaker  468928:00
let me, let's, let me put this on remember the guy I was talking about a few minutes ago, who has the software for fleets of trucks in Mexico. He's expanded now to Colombia. Also, he had a really good situation there, one of his partners. There were four partners, and one of them started slacking off, was doing other stuff. Wasn't carrying, you know, wasn't doing his part of the workload. And the way they solved the problem is, the way I would highly recommend, is they had an encounter session, very much like an Alcoholics Anonymous, like you would have with an alcoholic or drug user, where the. Friends and family get together and sit down and you have a heart to heart. Well, they did that with the four of them. The four of them got together, you know, after work, and had a beer together, and the three partners explained to him that, from their point of view, he just wasn't carrying his part of the workload now, and they that they would really like him to do that. They don't want him to leave. They want Him to come back. And he went home and thought about it, and he decided that he was going to come back, and he did. He's still there. So I'm a great fan of the heart to heart, but I completely understand that that's a kind of confrontation. You know, it's like breaking up with your boyfriend or girlfriend. You know, it's really a tough conversation. Don't think I don't appreciate that. Very difficult to do, but sometimes you got to do it. You just got her.

Speaker  497008:00
I mean, this is a little bit open ended, but would you like, is it just being, is it just radical candor? Like, hey, we have to have this conversation.

Speaker  500192:00
Radical candor kind of scares me a little bit, because that sounds like, you know, you might allow yourself to get angry. You know, hey, Louise, you're just, you're just not paying attention anymore. Girl, you know, when we first started, you were completely on board, and now you, all you care about is going to California. No, that conversation shouldn't start that way. It should start with the the need, which is this company needs. You know, I'm going to pick a number three executives. You're one of them, Louise, and you've been doing a great job until six months ago, but that's the need now. What's your feeling about this? But it has to be kind of need based like very much like selling a product to a service to a customer. What's the need that you're trying to meet? Well, the need you're trying to meet in that conversation is to get the company the management that it needs. Does that sound ridiculous?

Speaker  519989:20
Honestly, that's as extreme I want to like repeat that for everyone is like entering a different, difficult conversation, and it sounds like you're saying we're going to prioritize the needs of the business and leave out as much emotion and personal attacking as we as we need, we're just going to re emphasize, hey, the business needs this, and we'd love for you to be that person. Is that something you can be? And that's a very smart approach, because it opens the door for more and more hard conversations, which often is what

Speaker  527994:40
is blocking also in formulating that approach and getting preparing for the meeting, it would really cause you to think it through a little more carefully. Is this really needs based, or is it just that I don't like her perfume, you know, should be needs based you.

Speaker  534725:20
You mentioned the word preparing and not not everyone on this call does public speaking, but some people either public speak or they present, or they raise money, or they pitch their business. And you've been pitched, and you've mentored people going out to pitch you. You shared a lot of great insights on our talk before, and I'd love for you to just speak to that. When it comes to preparing for big moments in your business, your approach,

Speaker  541626:40
well, the moment I like to pick on is the kind of moment that involves raising money, venture capital, high net worth, individual investment club. You know, whoever you're talking to, you work hard to get a meeting like that. You know, first you get to know somebody, and you get an introduction, and then you go to a meeting yourself and but without presenting, and shake hands a little bit and find out how things work. And then finally, you get your turn. You know, come June, the month of June, they say we're going to put you up there. They're going to have three presenters, and you're one of them. So you're pretty excited about that. And you do a little preparation. We all do, right? But some of us don't do enough preparation, and I found this out when I started working with first time entrepreneurs in many countries, many people will go to that meeting with maybe a one to one. Meeting or a zoom like a road show. You know where there's three of you up there, they'll go to the meeting without actually rehearsing it. They'll think about it, they'll prepare their PowerPoint. They'll talk about it with their partner, but they don't actually rehearse it. Then after they should rehearse it, and after they rehearse it, they should play it back. I know a lot of people, and I Kat myself, one of them, when I was younger, who really can't play back a video of themselves making a presentation. Is just too painful, but you got to do it. Why? Because, in the case I proposed, because you want that guy to invest and you want to do a great job if you're going to do a presentation to him. So my advice is to rehearse it in front of a camera and play it back. There is another alternative works really well. I've certainly participated in a number of them. You can present it to a third party, to someone you know, who can you know, walk talk and chew gum like an investor or venture capital person, and they have to listen without interrupting you, and then comment to you later on. There's what's in your slide deck and what you said and how you pass the microphone back and forth, you know, because usually there's two presenters, and if you rehearse it, you can then make the corrections and then go to the actual event, online or in person, and have the confidence to know that you're not going to screw up. It's just a wonderful feeling.

Speaker  590522:40
I love that I had something I actually can never I only did that for the first time after over 100 stages of public speaking, I listened to myself for the first time because I couldn't do it. I hate listening to myself, but you're right. It does make the world of a difference quickly, guys, before we get onto the next questions we're going to we're going to open up the Q and A in eight minutes. However, in order to get your question in, in on on the go to webinar, there's a little box that has a little question mark in it. You can submit your question in there. It'll come in to us, and we're going to, you know, select a few in eight minutes. So if you have a question, do that now, because the second we go to Q and A, we're just going to go and get it, get after those questions. So if you have a question, that's where you place it. And one question that came in prior to this call, which I thought was a great one and a little bit open ended. Zeb over, curious, your take is, what is one or two things that you would have done differently? I mean, knowing what you know now, have you been in business for so long? Have built so many successful companies? What is one or two things that you would have done differently when starting out Starbucks in your 20s. That's one thing we forgot to mention, guys he started was it 26 years old? So at 26 you don't know so much now you know so much. Was one thing you would have done differently.

Speaker  611856:00
Number one, thank you for asking that question. I wouldn't be so cavalier about my competitors. Our attitude about there were competitors in Seattle at the time, it started almost exactly when we did, and our attitude toward them is, what a couple of jerks. They don't know anything they're selling. First of all, one of them was selling not only fresh roasted coffee, but fresh made ice cream. We thought, Oh, that's so stupid. And another guy had a really bad location tucked away. It was hard to find no parking. And we thought, Oh, what an idiot. Not true. And I see this all that mostly with first time people, but it can pop up with an experienced person to our product is so great that everybody's going to switch to us soon as we soon as we release it. That's just nonsense, right? That's not going to happen. So taking competitors seriously is very important. Also doing that with prospective investors and lenders is very important. You never want to avoid saying good things about your competitors to people who want might be funding your company, and especially first time, people are afraid to do that because they're worried that the investor will see them as in a weak position. Now that's not the case. You want to at least show that you understand them.

Speaker  641520:00
So can you say that, like, like, I just want to summarize that this is a really important point. So you said one thing is, you wouldn't be so cavalier. So I had to Google the word. But essentially, you wouldn't, you wouldn't be carefree about them. You wouldn't minimize what they do. You wouldn't better,

Speaker  646277:20
you know they have, yeah, I suggested to one person last week, I said you should probably say, well, they have half of the customers that we want. There's an overlap. So we know that they have those customers, and we've got to pry them up and get them to change.

Speaker  651818:40
You gotta say that one more time. I think that was a massive golden nugget. They have our customers that we want. I love that.

Speaker  653594:40
Yeah, the way, the way I say that to do. But I when I'm on the spot with an entrepreneur is, well, if your competitors are so lousy, how come? Hey, they have all your customers. And you know, it really takes people back. You're like, What do you mean? They haven't seen our product yet? Yeah, but they're using something that's 50% is good. So that, that was one thing that I would do different, and the other is we've already talked about, which is I would make sure that I was more educated about how money flows through a company than I was when we started. And I wouldn't, I wouldn't rely on my partner, Jerry Baldwin to to carry me that way. Thank God he was there, and he feels the same way about me, you know, thank God I was there, but I wish that I had, from the very beginning, been a little more knowledgeable about Small Business Finance, and

Speaker  670682:40
I want to go a little bit deeper into that, because I would say that every single person on this call is naturally creative, scientific as an entrepreneur, has the charisma, but very few, and this is a judgment, but just what I know have CFO or deep understanding of financial backings, you

Speaker  675872:00
don't have to be at that level. There's a reason why we love CFOs, which is they, you know, they keep us out of trouble lights on. But you don't have to be that level, but you have to be be you have to be good enough to have a conversation with your CFO.

Speaker  680437:20
And so what is one thing as an entrepreneur, as a founder, like, what is one thing that you would push everyone on this call to do to get a little bit better at their understanding their financials? Like, what is one thing they that you recommend that everyone do sit with their CFO maybe, and ask a million questions.

Speaker  684730:40
That's a tough one. Take an online class, sign up for an accelerator that's geared just to you. Remember that accelerator can be anywhere in the world. It doesn't have to be in your city, and you will surely find a program that is where the other participants will be at your level,

Speaker  692064:00
there's just zillions of ways to get that education. I wouldn't. I wouldn't particularly ask my CFO to do it. I mean, he's got plenty to do. But yeah, you could. There's all kinds of classes. There's financial classes for executives.

Speaker  697141:20
And right before we open up Q and A, yeah, I mean, for

Speaker  698677:20
first, we were talking about some of the people are interested in public speaking. I want you to know that I do a lot of public speaking, but I had to start somewhere. And I started when I got a gig. It was in Kuwait City. In Kuwait, and there were going to be 2000 people in the audience, 2000 people I had never talked to 20 people, and I went out and got a coach, a speaking coach, public speaking coach. Many public speaking coaches are former actors and actresses. Mine was a former actress, and she told me how to do it. I mean, it's sort of like changing the oil in your car. You know, once you know how to do it, you can do it. And that's she took that approach, you know, there, she said, there, you know these tricks of the trade, and I'm going to show them to you, and we're going to rehearse them, and then you'll be good to go. And I was, but get a coach, that's the answer.

Speaker  713989:20
I love that. And friend, for those in the founders club, we have a great fractional CFO, who's who's taught many, many times. And you guys should all take advantage and hit up Matt whenever you want. I bother him all the time that read me PNLs and teach me things, or whoever you need, because it's it is true. Take a course and learn that. That was my journey as well. I was just terrible with the with the numbers. I. Um, okay, so we're gonna open up Q and A we've had,

Speaker  720800:00
and this also applies to learning how to speak to groups. It's true. Okay,

Speaker  722143:59
find a coach. Find we've got a whole bunch of questions, and they're they're flying in right now. So we're gonna choose just a few, because we've got 10 minutes and we've got a clock timing us, timing us down. So I'm going to go ahead and choose one here. Thank you guys for being so engaged. The questions are, these are amazing questions, but I guess we didn't really touch on this. And when you so when you started Starbucks is a great question. The business wasn't what the business is today, and so much so many of us are forced to pivot and change the way we look at businesses. How did you how did you like deal with that pivot, and how did you guys make those decisions to essentially change your business model?

Speaker  733578:40
Who asked the question, oh, we don't know. Oh, okay. The there were a couple of big pivots. The the first one I described to you where we had to drop two product lines. The next one was having to consider the idea of opening our own coffee bars we were supplying. This is now about 1978 1980 in that period, and a few coffee carts and small coffee bars had opened in Seattle, and some of them were buying fresh, roasted coffee from us. So they were our wholesale customers. So our initial initial choice was to just keep going that way as being a wholesaler, but it became obvious that we had to do something, because by 1982 it was clear that if you were a coffee company, you better have a espresso machine and know how To make really great drinks. So we did that. I thought about that time. I left the company, not because of that reason. Howard Schultz, a year later, came to work for the company. Howard Schultz being famous today at that time, he was just a very good Director of Sales and Marketing, but Howard had a bee in his bonnet about espresso bars and he drove the company into that world. And thank God he did, because coffee bar, brewing coffee adds an additional layer of profit for a coffee roaster, a big layer. And although there is a capital investment, you know, coffee bar equipment, sometimes you have to have restrooms depending on the location, and you know, that costs money, but the payoff turns out to be as the interest in coffee beverages has grown over the last 40 years. It's a great business

Speaker  768266:40
that kind of leads into the next question. This is a great by the way, guys, your questions are amazing. You just talked about a really massive decision, someone coming into the business, pushing it forward in a different direction, essentially adding a new layer of revenue, which redefined the company. So many of us in the call are faced with super difficult and big decisions on a regular basis. How do you approach making big decisions?

Speaker  774821:20
Well, the biggest problem before we answer that, the biggest problem about having to pivot is, do you have enough capital left to pivot? Usually, if you have to pivot, it means that you're starting to use up your capital base, because things aren't going so great. You've invested in the wrong area, or you've invested in one of the wrong areas. And that's I hear that a lot. I mean, people doing presentations, they'll disregard the fact that, if you know, they'll say something like, well, if this particular approach doesn't work, we'll fine tune it and pivot a little bit. And my reaction to that is always using what money, you won't have any money if you have to pivot. So that's an issue, and also it's more complicated than that, because you want to pivot, you've got this great new insight based on having made a wee bit of a mistake. Now you know how to do it, but to your investors, what you're doing is going back to the well. That's a lovely expression. Going back to the well. It means you want the investors to reinvest. Oh, man, do they not like hearing that. Really you want us to reinvest? You mean, it didn't work the first time, and now you want another $250,000 really, you know? So it's very difficult going back to the bill. You have to have a really powerful story. So that's my main concern, about pivoting, making big decisions. You know? Well, my only general advice to everyone, and I'm sure it's not a new idea, is, you got to de emotionalize it. You got to take the emotion out of that decision. It's got to be an analytic choice, not a gut instinct. You know, there's got to be some real, real thought behind it, and it has to look good in the financial forecast you don't remember, of course, you don't just do forecasts when you start the company. You do it when you well, smart people do them every year and review them. But if you're starting a new division, or you're doing a pivot, then you've got to lay out the numbers you just got. It can't be a hunch.

Speaker  812522:40
It's good advice. One, one other one we got here, guys, we are almost at time, and we're a little bit worried at four and minutes 30 seconds, we might get booted. So let's go quick. What would your advice be to a founder that is intrinsically connected to the brand as they consider a potential exit. Any advice on exiting and when is the right time?

Speaker  817968:00
Oh, so it's Joe Jones software company, and Joe Jones wants to leave. Yep. Well, first, if your name is on the business, I would rename it where. My favorite story is a dentist that I had 10 years ago. He clearly wanted to sell his business. So what he did is he took in a partner and the name for a year he stayed, and then the company had dental office had two names, and then only, then he took his name off and exited, and only the new, the new person was there. Well, that that's pretty classic. Now, if it's turns out that Joe Jones really is the only person in the company who knows how to make it run, that's that's a problem. It means you haven't really decentralized at all, given anybody any authority. But it's it is possible everything, every company that is profitable, can be sold, and many companies that aren't profitable can also be sold. So we're not talking about something that can't be done. Usually, the problem is the emotional attachment of the founder. I mean, I understand that. I'm very sympathetic to it. You know, it's like letting your baby go, and it's hard to do, but if as a as a founder, and with a responsibility, probably to some investors, you've got to think about their situation, and you know you have to have a way to move to give authority to other people and make your exit.

Speaker  847194:40
That was pure gold. Example, I steal that.

Speaker  848864:00
I'm hoping it's just not too obvious. Do we have time for another one?

Speaker  850432:00
Unfortunately, we're just at the end, and I want to be able to wrap it off and not get kicked off. ZEV, I think I speak on behalf of everyone. Thank you so much. This was absolutely insanely informative, guys. Zev is speaks all over the world and teaches and mentors, and for you to give us an hour of your time, it goes a long, long way. This is, I don't know how to communicate through this screen how big of a deal this is, but it really is. So I mean, you can see all the hearts and the clapping coming in on the side.

Speaker  859946:40
There kind words, and I really appreciate it. But even preparing for this session was an education for me, and I have gotten some serious benefit from it. I also I'm available and easy to find. You know, if you want to talk about something or text about something, my name is so unusual, z, e, v, s, I, E, G, l, that you can always find me the

Speaker  868368:00
same name as my dad. You know that? Yeah, my dad is Dev as well. Wow. There you go. And the s same initials. But ultimately, guys, I know we have 48 seconds here. For those of you who are part of the founders club, this is what we do. We opened up this call to the public because we wanted everyone that has any entrepreneurship on their body or business to get access and to learn. And we all learn so much today. If you have any interest, if you think your business might be a good fit, we always encourage you to apply the founders club official.com and ZEV. I mean, thank you for telling people to text you and reach. Reach out to ZEV. He was so amazing. And from the bottom of our hearts, thank you so much. This means this. Means the world to guys like us and to every entrepreneur here that can learn from, I mean coffee in my cup to learn, learn from the largest in the game.

Speaker  883600:00
Okay, guys, have a good evening. Thank you. You.
