MDS Centurion Channel Call: Protecting Your Business & Legacy
Date: November 11, 2025

Speaker  752:00
All right, No problem. Of

Speaker  18192:00
what's up? Ershad, improve. How are you good? How are you good? Hey,

Speaker  21733:20
I approve. Hey, Ershad, how are you?

Speaker  24501:20
No, we can't hear you. Your connection. Your connection is bad, okay?

Speaker  30474:40
How's everything going? Prue sales and everything?

Speaker  31386:40
Ah, q3, is always rough, and early q4 is always rough, which we call, we call it q3 still. Q3 is like five months, yeah, it's until, until Black Friday. Then it becomes q4

Speaker  36416:00
right? Christmas started earlier this year for us. Oh, really, it looks because I do have some Christmas products, okay, stockings and things like that. Okay, they started selling earlier than last year. I'm almost out of stock already.

Speaker  42261:20
That's good. Okay? Yeah, I guess to some degree, yeah.

Speaker  45146:40
Hey, you know you're selling through your inventory.

Speaker  46010:40
I know, and then Amazon doesn't allow me to raise my prices because I say, you know how it gives you the pricing error if you bring it up too much. So I gotta go slow and all of that.

Speaker  50512:00
Okay, let me see if anyone else is gonna join this call.

Speaker  52320:00
You guys hear me now?

Speaker  52816:00
Yeah, perfect. Oh, Shinghi, I was just about to message you too.

Speaker  53941:20
What's up, guys, please google me. I swear to God, Zoom is like the absolutely worst, most garbage tool in the world. The link, it doesn't work. It just sends me to a download thing. Oh, my God, it's horrible.

Speaker  57989:20
I know me too.

Speaker  59397:20
What when it fails, it fails, but it's it usually doesn't, but we can change. I don't think there's an issue. If you guys would prefer to do Google me.

Speaker  62938:40
Yeah, Google meet surpassed. Just vote on it.

Speaker  64026:40
I love that. Yeah, I much prefer that.

Speaker  66176:00
Okay, just messaged in a few other groups where I know Centurions exist.

Speaker  68544:00
I have the welcome call today, and we had, I think, four or five people that are going to join your Centurion group too. Oh, great. From setters today, new members. Oh, great,

Speaker  72277:20
wow, that's fantastic. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  75594:40
Anybody here does really well on Tiktok, no on this call No, not yet.

Speaker  77866:40
Shiny Object. I don't know it's like. It works for some brands. It can work for some brands. It's not like a one size fits all for everyone.

Speaker  80202:40
Yeah, just wasting so much money and it gets nowhere. Yeah? I think

Speaker  82064:00
for your brand, dude is not a fit, my friend, not a fit. Mr. P,

Speaker  83344:00
that's what I told him, too. I told him the same thing.

Speaker  84224:00
Did you just just give up on ads, yeah,

Speaker  88213:20
sorry guys. I'm just gonna walk back to my office so it's gonna go quiet for a while. Okay,

Speaker  90565:20
guess we can start, huh? Sure, yeah, sure.

Speaker  91994:40
Hey, Jasim. Hey everyone. How are you guys? Hey, Jasim, how are you guys safe? Prue, hey, Shinghi, hey, Jasim. I'll have to jump off a little bit early 330 but I still want to jump in and talk to you guys and catch up.

Speaker  96544:00
Yeah, absolutely, does anyone have anything pressing that?

Speaker  98784:00
You know, I don't have any pricing, but we do, like, trust stuff today, right? Like kind of discuss about that you guys want to do that?

Speaker  101536:00
Yeah? Yeah.

Speaker  102453:20
All right, yeah. What I've gone through Prue, I think you guys have done it too

Speaker  103189:20
recently, right? Yeah, yeah. But my husband is the guy who kind of owns that stuff, like, not me, like I was obviously there and went through all the stuff with the attorney and whatever. But my husband is the guy who, like, does all that's not it's like, I just work here. It's not my job. You know what I mean?

Speaker  109162:40
My wife's response is, well, Prue, so it makes sense. Yeah,

Speaker  110458:40
I just make the money to put it.

Speaker  111802:40
My wife tells me the same as well? Yeah, I will give you guys the overview of kind of what we've done so far, number one, and I hope everyone has already done this. But you need a will. So essentially, if you don't have a will, and you die, and you're married, and you own the business with your wife, she would be responsible to pay as if she inherited the value of the business. So she was responsible to pay taxes on your portion, so 50% of the value of the business if she inherited it without a will. So like, when I heard that, I was like, Holy shit, we're writing a will like today, so that, I think the good range, I don't know, you probably get a cheaper will, but, like, if you want a decently solid will, like five grand or to 10 grand, like, just be prepared. Just pay that. That's what it's going to cost. Yeah. So the will part, I would say, is more important than the trust part. In the trust part you guys all familiar with, like, gift exemptions, like you can give your children money, and there's limited, I believe it's like $15 million per person, so up to 30 total for married couple. And with that, like my wife and I have gone back and forth a lot on, do we want to give our children money without screwing them up. And the best advice I got on this so far is your children are like almost Well number one, if you don't give your money to your children, and you die with money that goes to the government, like a lot of it, will go with the wealth tax. And if you do decide to give money to your children like think of it as you have a vested interest in their financial outcome, right? Because you know that that money can either screw them up or can actually give them like an accelerator in life, in the best case possible. And so we took that I have, we're going to give our children money, and we want it to be so that also we are really responsible for them, to raise them in a way that they're financially responsible, financially literate. When they do inherit money, they're not going to go do stupid things with them money. And it's also the way we live our life today, the way I was raised, and everything else I inherited a small amount of money for my grandpa. He gave me two and $50,000 not a small amount, very nice amount. I didn't spend a single dollar on that, but I use it to and spend. I didn't waste a single dollar, and I use it for a down payment on my first house with my wife. And that was a huge accelerator in our life, because that led to the best financial outcome of an investment. We were in Seattle's 2014 we bought a house. The house doubled in value. Four years later, we sold it. We bought another house. That house, you know, grew like at 40% we sold that house like so it's been like a really big accelerator in our life financially. Have a very nice base, but it also left me with something in the back of my mind, where I have something to fall back on in my life where it's like, I'm not, if something goes wrong in my life, I'm not going to the streets. I have, like, an insurance policy of money. But I was also raised, like, in financially illiterate way that, like, I'm not going to go and waste and spend all that money. My brother little bit of a different story. He didn't go live a crazy life or waste and spend it, but he didn't use the money to, like, buy a house. He bought, like, some toys and that kind of stuff. So mixed bag there, right? Of, how can it? How do we know he's doing fine. He's doing great. He has a real job. You know, he's making, like, a high six figure, not high six figures, but like, almost $200,000 a year. His wife's a lawyer, fantastic, right? Yeah, you know, definitely didn't get messed up with that either. And so I was talking with our lawyer, and we were going back and forth, and we were initially going to do a slap, so we're going to do two spousal lifetime access trust. So I gift my wife a portion of the business, and she gives me a portion of the business, and then we gift our kids in a trust a portion of the business. And upon doing this, I think my wife and I just realized too, like, we don't need more money, like we've pulled out enough money out of the business that we don't really need to gift each other the money, let's just gift it in the trust for the kids. And so in the in this trust, the way it's set up, we decided to do a dynasty trust, and the advantage to a dynasty trust is that it doesn't like, hit a date and all the money just exits the trust. So the advantage of a dynasty trust is like, it can live in Nevada up to 500 years long. So many, many generations of my descendants will benefit from this trust. And you can set it up in such a way that it's, you know, health education, maintenance and support is, like the common terms, right? So it's like, you know, if they have a health care emergency or they want to go to college, or maintenance and support is a little bit more vague, but like, you know, they're not on the streets, basically, in that case. And the way you can set that up is, well, the way we did it is we're gifting 30% of our company to our kids. And when you do that gifting, you have to get an appraisal first, and the appraisal is about $15,000 and the appraisal will value your company at a certain amount, usually, like, sandbag value, which is really nice, and then you gift non voting shares to your children, and that's giving a discount on top of that as well, because, like, imagine you inherit an asset that you have no ability to change. Like, like, that asset isn't valued at what the actual value of the asset is, there's a discount attribute to the value, so we're going to give 30% to our children, and we got the valuation done. And now when we do the gifting, it's at a discount evaluation. So you take the total lifetime exemption of your gift, and now we're only using a small portion of it because we have a discount evaluation. And then on top of that, we're not we're not giving the shares. We're actually giving a loan to the trust that the Trust has to pay back over time. So that further reduces the amount that I'm using of our tax free gifting, lifetime gifting. So for instance, like in this transaction, we're only gifting $900,000 of our share to our to our kids in this trust. But that's potentially worth, like, a magnitude of that in reality, like what is actually worth? So yeah, that's like our structure. And then we have four children. So basically, when each or when the oldest hits 18, it automatically splits into four trusts, separate trusts, and in those four trusts are all equal shares. And that way, like, you know, if one family was like, super, you know, pulling down on the trust, it wouldn't matter. They all have their equal shares from the beginning, and those equal shares will grow with their descendants into perpetuity for 500 years. What the children can take out of that trust is limited to 50% of the income of that trust. So in the dynasty trust, you want to continue on forever, so you take whatever the income is in that trust. So like, let's say, like the investments did really well. One year, you take 50% of that and you allow distributions to go to my kids or to their descendants, the remaining 50% of the growth stays in the trust and compounds. So that way it continues, like you never hit the principle of that, and it can just continue on for very long time. So anyway, that's kind of the structure we have. Will it?

Speaker  239050:40
We lost them. Yeah, it's not us. Shinghi, Shinghi, lose you guys.

Speaker  241232:00
Jump a trust in place. Yeah. Can you guys hear me?

Speaker  243184:00
Yeah, now you've caught up. Now you've caught up

Speaker  244464:00
anyway. So that's what we did. I don't know if it's a perfect solution. I don't think there is a perfect solution for trust, but to me, it seemed to be the right move. And the other thing I think, when you think of gifting to your kids is that you're not limited to just what you do in that trust initially, like you can still gift them throughout their life, right? So for instance, like if you wanted to buy them a house or something like that, later in life, you could do that. You could find a like family vacation, you can still do all of that stuff is still within your control, but this at least sets it up initially, so that you're you're using only a small portion of your total lifetime exemption for gifting. And they are financially set right. So we set the age at 25 is when they start receiving distribution. So they have to graduate college, they have to do everything else, and then at 25 they can start getting it. I've heard from so my lawyer was a lawyer for like Charles Schwab, and like their family and their descendants, and there's a lot of issues with with what happened there, where Charles Schwab was worth like 100 something million, and he had a kid in Denmark who had this very limited access to the trust, and it almost made him, like, more resentful, because he basically got nothing trust. So there's also that side where, like, if you if, if children know there's millions of dollars in a trust and they can't access any of it, they can become resentful in that way too. Again, it's how you raise your kids at the end of the day. But you know, there's no nice way to do this either. When you have a lot of money, like, it's it's an interesting problem to have.

Speaker  269082:40
Yeah, we put a lot of stipulations on the trust as far as what the kids could take and when they could take it, and how much they could take, like, a lot of stipulations, including, like, if they went and worked for a charity organization and weren't really making any meaningful money, but they were doing something purposeful with their life, they get an equivalent salary amount based on that. We we put in stipulations around the max they could pull out. We put in stipulations around how much, like, in addition to the max they're allowed to pull out per year, they can use X amount on financial education. They could use X amount on like, career based education, stuff like, anyways, like my husband didn't chat. GPT spends a long time going back and forth and like, and our financial advisor gave us some advice on that as well, of so that they don't just become rich kids Trust Fund babies who are just obnoxious. Now my kids are probably, probably older than yours, so mine are like closer to the age where they could activate that, not that I'm about to die or anything like that, but it, it just has a lot of stipulations around it and whatever. And obviously, after you set up the trust, you have to actually move all of your assets into the trust, and there's a lot of work involved in doing all of that.

Speaker  296309:20
Yeah. So that's why, if you're going to do I would recommend doing it before sale, like, within, like, the year preceding the sale. That way there's not as complicated what we have to do now, once we the trust is executed, like, next week or the week after that, you're right. Any distribution we have to take, they receive 30% of that distribution that goes in that trust. So you can't just, like, start, like pulling money out, like your it's not your bank account type thing anymore. It's a little bit more complicated than that, but not that much more complicated. You can also do a true up at the end of the year. So, like, you basically could pull out whatever you want during the year, but by the end of the year you need to distribute that much into the account

Speaker  306368:00
there. That's like, total. Did it cost and take, like, time wise?

Speaker  308112:00
So the appraisal was $15,000 I'll probably be like, 15 to $20,000 into the trust piece, too. Again, the more work you do beforehand, the better you're going to like, the cheaper it'll be for lawyers like, see, if you just say, clearly document on these, this, this and this thing I did probably too much time brainstorming with my lawyers, you know. And those are expensive brainstorm sessions, but

Speaker  314757:20
Well, then let's say, for example, I don't know, like, if you anonymized what you had, would I be able just to kind of, kind of paste and tell them to do this?

Speaker  317034:40
Um, yeah, probably something similar. But you could also get that from, like, AI at this point, like, we have a very simple trust. The key thing is that you need to do the valuation. If you don't do the valuation then, like, you know when you sell your business and then you want to do a trust after you're just giving them straight asset, there's no, you're not getting a, I don't know what's the right word for this, but like, you're not getting that reduced value of the gift that you're giving to them. Yes, yeah, million dollar gift on paper, but it's really worth $10 million that's essentially what you're doing.

Speaker  327605:20
Yeah, this is not something you want to do on your own. You definitely want to hire the lawyer to do it also, so that they have kind of the liability on them. Or if anyone ever tries to say, hey, you discounted the value of your business too much you have to show the appraisal. You definitely just want to spend. If you're going to do something like this, you definitely want to just spend the I've gotten quotes as well. I've spoken to a bunch of top estate planning attorneys, and it does seem like the dynasty trust is kind of the thing, that the tool that the most people use, the quotes I got are around 20, 25k, then plus the appraisal, which could be anywhere from 510, 15k, like Shinghi said. But one thing I will say, Shinghi, is it this, by the way, like with the will, like, if you pass away and your wife is still alive, as long as it's below 30 million total. You don't have to pay any estate taxes or anything like that. This is only for above 30 million. So currently, yeah, yeah, it's 15 million per per spouse, so 30 million total. And the new law is that it's actually indexing to inflation, which is really nice, so that should hopefully continue to grow. So, you know, I've been kind of thinking about it and looking at it as well, but I'm like, You are, when you do put it in these dynasty trusts, technically you don't own it anymore. It's technically not yours anymore. You could still, you know, you could still buy a family vacation house or something like that. The advice I got there was buy it 99% in the name of the dynasty trust and 1% in your own name. That way you can use the house whenever and as much as you want, without having to write rent checks to the dynasty trust and go through all these kind of extra hoops and stuff like that. If, as long as you're a 1% owner, you can access it and use it as much as possible. So for stuff like that, but I don't know, I've just been a little hesitant to to kind of get the, you know, move stuff out of my name, and kind of lose control, and then it's like, Well, we already have, you know, it'd be 30 million tax free anyway, and that's indexing to inflation. But again, if you do have a business that you think, hey, this thing is going to be worth 50 million, then, then, yeah, you don't want to, you say, let's say you have $100 million sale. The 30 million is, is the first 30 million is fine, but the next 70 million, you're paying, like, 40% or whatever. You know, that's whatever, 30 million bucks that you just gave to the government rather than giving to your kids, if you would have, you know, assigned the shares earlier. So yeah, I kind of got the same advice Shinghi. It was like, if you gift 49% of your company, then you get a discounted valuation, like you said, with no voting rights as well. So they say, like, step one is, you can gift 49% of your company, and then you get a discounted valuation, because it's a non controlling share. So again, if the normal valuation would be 20 million, you might even be able to get it at like 10 million, or something like that, or maybe even less, and then the 49% of that. And then if you want to go further and get even the entire business out of your estate, you could then, later on, sell the remaining 49% to the trust, taking back a note, and then kind of getting paid back through on the note through cash flows of the company. The whole thing just seemed a little bit like, man, do I really want to do all this complicated shit right now, so I've kind of been holding off. But, but certainly, if you think that you're going to be way, way, way over the 30 million. The sooner you can do it, the better, because as your company grows, the valuation is going to be higher. And so, for example, let's say, right now you're about your company gets valued. Let's say the true value is 20 million, but on this discounted appraised valuation, you can get it appraised. Let's say at 10 million. Well that means that out of the 30 million that you're allowed to, kind of give tax free, 10 million of that is now used if you continue to wait, and next thing you know, it gets valued at 30 million. Now you've used up your entire 30 million exemptions. So yeah, it definitely makes sense to do it sooner rather than later, if you expect your company is going to continue to

Speaker  394309:20
grow. Yeah. And I would also do the math in your head that, like, I mean, look at how much, how much assets you have today, like, without the sale of your business, just pure cash flow, right? How many assets you got in the bank. And then theoretically, like, you know, if we sell the business to like, 70% of that will get go to us. I mean, we'll have taxes, and the rest, like, so can we take our portion and what we have today and be like, can we be extremely happy the rest of our lives? And the answer to that was like, Hell fucking Yeah. Like, we don't need more than whatever that would be at the sale. So you just do that math, and then you can figure out this part. Your kids are likely still going to get a big chunk of what you have here, but you're you could do whatever you want within your life. You can give to charity. You can do whatever you can, you know, gift your kids a house still, and the rest. But that was the math we did to make us comfortable with it. And Talor, we are doing that note method, where you you fund the trust initially. So like, we have to fund it, I think, with, like, $900,000 or something, and then so it has an asset, and then you're going to loan the trust, the shares. The trust has to pay you back, but you can be like, I want to pay back in 25 years at some like, minimum federal interest rate. And then, so, you know, 20 the money can grow for 25 years after your sale, and then the principal is owed back to you. So you get the principal back, but that money is growing. The principle of the valued amount, not the true amount. So the principle of the discounted valued amount is what you get back on so anyway, like, that's another option, and that really reduces how much you've gifted, like it to what it is.

Speaker  418704:00
Yeah, I did this. I did this piece without, I didn't do the dynasty trust. I just did a well and living trust to, like, God forbid, an accident happened, my assets don't go to probate. It was

Speaker  422117:20
like a revocable trust,

Speaker  422565:20
just much simpler. Yeah, yeah. I just did that, and it was like five grand. I did it with an estate attorney who that's all they do. They generally have a template, and then they do a shit ton of intake forms with you to get all of your particulars, of like, who's first in line for making financial decisions, the decisions about the kids, the this or that, the other thing. And then that's like, minimally, I think that's the first step to have in place. Like, no matter what,

Speaker  431146:40
I'll take it one step further though, Prue, let me take it one step further for you. Is I have what I have currently, I don't have the dynasty trust yet, either. I've been considering that, and may or may not pull the trigger, but I have a Nevada asset protection trust. So this is for asset protection. So if you don't have, like, a trust that's specifically good for asset protection, then you could be again, you know, for just for liability purposes, right? So not talking about the whole estate tax, but just for liability purposes. So with the Nevada asset protection trust, once you move money in there, and it's seasoned for two years, it's supposed to be like iron clad, as long as you're not commingling like personal funds with the trust and stuff like that, it's supposed to be ironclad. And so I've just basically been taking distributions, distributing to my trust. After two years, it's seasoned. All the real estate investments and all my other investments that I make my brokerage account is in the name of my Nevada asset protection trust, all my real estate investments, all my other investments. So most of that stuff is now. It continues to get season, and at least I have the asset protection on that. So I would say that would be the next step. And then the third step would be like, dynasty trust to avoid estate tax, yeah.

Speaker  451312:00
And I have, I mean, this would be more applicable to California or Nevada, but my lawyer can do both of those things. And like, again, fantastic. Like Talor said, you need the valuation to be ironclad, or the appraisal. When you do a dynasty trust and gifting, and this might have a guy who's, like, defended it in the IRS and like, up to the high level courts about his valuation practice, you do need that part. You can't just say, Oh, the businesses are worth about this much. It won't work. Yeah. And to Laura's point, like, the whole point of gifting it as a trust is you take it out of your estate, right? So, like it, you cannot physically play with the money anymore, within within the you only do it within the confines of the trust. The other advantage, though, with the dynasty trust is that my wife and I can be trustees of the trust. But there's also a layer that you need, like a distributor type person who like because otherwise it'll like. It can also come back into your state if you're playing with the money too much and you're responsible for it anyway. The last thing I'll also add, though, is

Speaker  468176:00
you should always have a trust protector. And a trust protector is an additional layer on top of a trustee, and that trust protector can change who the trustee is. So let's say, like, if we gave, if we made Bank of America our trustee, which we're thinking of doing, the trust protector can be on top of them and say, I don't like the way they've been handling or they're not interpreting the trust correctly. I'm going to remove them as trustees, and I will appoint a different trustee to there. So for that trust protector role, like that's I would say, highly important to do but you also want that to be like somebody who you really know and trust so like maybe like I sibling, or like someone like would ever fuck you over. Yeah, so hopefully you have one of those. We're using general system.

Speaker  488925:53
Four different bank of accounts, you know, and then the money just grows and is split evenly after 10 years, too. I don't know that's the way we did it. Ershad, you probably do it in many different

Speaker  491997:53
ways. I thought maybe the valuation be even lower than, you know, 5% versus 30%

Speaker  494237:53
but, yeah, I'm not sure I think it matters too much. I think just the main thing is non voting shares into an illiquid asset, like you can't just sell our business tomorrow, like you can a stock. So all of that really helps reduce the value, or the appraised value, of it. Okay.

Speaker  500163:13
Okay, sweet. Does anyone else have anything else they want to talk about on the subject of this? Or should we move on? For people like Jason co who's, like, probably super bored by this,

Speaker  504488:33
I bought a book after our last talk is called I'm dead now, what? That's my first step, so they can figure out where all the bitcoins and stuff are.

Speaker  508013:53
That's good. Yeah, guys, I'm happy to be the receiver of your your funds. If you don't have children like you can just put my name down very Shinghi. Dallas is very easy name for probate.

Speaker  512003:13
Good. Anyone have any like Black Friday, Cyber Monday stuff they want to talk about strategies for the year, you know, to maximize q4 or anything like that.

Speaker  516744:33
Maybe I just want to ask everyone like, when do you guys start increasing the PPC budget, and what's the toggles that you guys are aiming for? Budgeting for the peak season,

Speaker  521464:33
we don't particularly have a date where we're like, Okay, starting this date, we're going to ramp up. I think that you have to look at, like, add impression, share and see how you're doing in comparison to others, to understand if you need to even do that. I mean, I definitely am not, like, I must spend more, but I will if, if I need to to defend my position or something like that, um, and it's generally commensurate to top line sales, so I tend to spend more on the months that I Make more right now, like my extended q3 from like August to end of November is always rough for us. Revenue wise, like, it's just our, you know, not great season, and it's not horrible, but it's not great. Let's just say, um, so we, we definitely, but we don't also mindfully dial back spending during that time, unless it's on items that are out of season, where we don't want to be just blowing money or, you know, we do it. You just have to keep things profitable. But anyways, I'll let other people say what they do. Have

Speaker  542381:53
you seen the I have a new tab. It's called budget. Have you guys seen it was working yesterday? It's not working today anymore, for some reason. But basically, it was showing all my campaign and the ones that run out of budget by how much, like said, 47% and you could choose the dates. You can choose the date range. Have, do you guys have? This is the better this point?

Speaker  551032:33
Oh, yeah, we do. We do have the budget?

Speaker  551720:33
Yeah, I guess it's something new, but that that definitely helps. Up. Go ahead.

Speaker  554909:53
Oh no. I was just gonna say the peds that are now, they're starting on November, November 20, like 11 days for Black Friday. It's like, geez, these guys are just, it's not bad enough to hammer your profit for four days. They got to do it for 11 days. It's a bit much.

Speaker  559299:13
Yeah, so seems like everyone is there's no specific date that anyone

Speaker  561523:13
so what we do is we start, we've been scaling up meta, but not Amazon, and we're just monitor, monitoring the like, the ROAs as we go. So if we like, like, ramp up the budgets by like, two or 3k a day, we'll just monitor the row as really tightly. And if it's like tanking, we'll just chill out a little bit and just scale it based on that so, but right now it's kind of scaling, so yeah, we just keep ramping it up. That makes sense, Yep, yeah, it doesn't really, I don't see it working with Amazon as much. But yeah,

Speaker  571373:53
yeah, we, we actually just onboarded yesterday. No, yesterday. What day is it? What? Tuesday? Yeah, we onboarded yesterday. We just hired a head of growth, like a high salaried person that's worked for other companies, big D to c9, figure D to C companies like coming in, yeah, it's, it was a huge it's a big salary, and it's our first time, like, not home, growing somebody from scratch, if you know what I mean? It's our first time hiring like a killer, if you will. So, but he just onboarded yesterday, and we're onboarding a media buyer under him and someone else, and so he's starting to scale our meta spend back up because we scale it down in q3 so we'll see, because we're trying, like completely different strategies with him. But yeah, we're going to be pushing heavy on meta, probably through till the end of next summer,

Speaker  591331:13
nice. How did you find him?

Speaker  592035:13
I hired a recruiter. Oh, okay, yeah,

Speaker  592947:13
then you must be paying the recruiter a lot,

Speaker  593811:13
Yep, yeah, but that's how you find like, the good like, these are people that are employed and not looking for jobs. They're not people with LinkedIn, like open to hire on their LinkedIn or something. So it's like you really have to poach them. But he came from like brands that crush on DTC and on Amazon, and really understands omni channel and stuff like that. So that's exciting for us.

Speaker  603613:53
Just real quick. Does anyone is interested in listening to, like, the tech stuff for Chinese sellers? Like, I think you guys definitely heard about that, right? Chinese sellers has been the government is trying to charge taxes. And are you guys interested in hearing the updates? Yes, yeah, sure, yes, because I know you've been fighting the unfair, you know, because, like I share in the presentation in you know, trip, about Chinese sellers, right? And we are kind of, we have an office there and and as we get more connected and also talk to more Chinese sellers, we really understand what's happening right right now. So the latest update I got is the larger it doesn't matter whether you are large sellers, medium sellers, small sellers. Everyone is suffering about the tax thing. So basically the Chinese government is asking for the data from Amazon. So Amazon will give them data every quarter, right? And basically they have to pay 13% tax for the revenue that generated. It's on revenue, it's revenue, it's not profit, okay? So if they are doing 100 million a year, they have to pay 13 million in tax. And a lot of large sellers in China, they group together and write a letter, kind of like a letter or something, to the tax institution in China. I don't know what's that call, and they kind of like ignore that about because they are complaining that they don't have they have thin margin. They have only 5% 7% and if they are paying for 13% taxes, they wouldn't be able to survive. So all those complaint that they sent in has been ignored by the government. Okay, so that's definitely a great news for us sellers, and there's no the only way out for Chinese sellers right now is to set an entity in us. So Chinese government has blocked the path to Hong Kong. So usually, you know, Hong Kong, China is separate, right? So they kind of connect the system together already. So even you have a entity in Hong Kong, you wouldn't be able to, like, run away from the tax. So they basically block out all the solution, other than setting up an entity in us or any foreign country like Singapore or other country, but either way, they still have to pay taxes. You know, in us, if they set up entity in us, they have to pay tax. So it's kind of a big, big headache for them right now, everyone is trying to solve the problem with 13% they couldn't, because q4 is coming. It's hard, right? 13% on revenue. Imagine if you have only a 5% profit, they will, they will die,

Speaker  658979:13
and are they going historically back like, I mean, my take on this is, China's not very a forgiving nation, like, I mean, they execute any leader that's done bad things. They're just like, cool, you're dead. Corruption, dead.

Speaker  662168:33
Um, from what I heard right now, it's only starting q3 this year. Oh, they're not gonna go back, but if they find a lot of revenue, they're gonna go back. Oh, yeah, but I don't think anyone could able to pay that because, you know, every sellers, they have text message, right and and they receive text message from the kind of like the IRS in China asking them to pay tax on the text message. And everyone is trying to go to the institution and trying to talk to them. So it's happening like, right now. It's happening right now. Wow.

Speaker  672083:13
And this is taxation by the Chinese government, not by the US government.

Speaker  673395:13
Yeah, it's Chinese government. Okay,

Speaker  674291:13
yeah. I was in China, like, in September. I met a few people, and they said a big chunk of sellers, Chinese sellers, are just there to launder money. That right?

Speaker  679192:33
Oh, money laundering, yes, yes. And government data, yeah. So many, many large sellers. They have really large income and revenue, right? And they try to do money laundering. Yes, I heard a couple.

Speaker  683533:53
But now, like, put their money laundering out of China. So they're trying to get, like, they buy goods in China, they ship them to Amazon, they sell them, and then they have the proceeds of those goods shipped to a different bank account, let's say in Singapore or something like that. That's their way out.

Speaker  688579:13
But they have to have an entity right there, right? So you need to set up a company, a real company, in Singapore or us, in order to do that,

Speaker  691571:13
right? But even on that, they could still like so if they do the US entity, then they would need a US bank account, which is hard to get right exactly, but they

Speaker  694264:33
could use a family member or whatever. But

Speaker  695032:33
then even that family members responsible for they're gonna get a 1099, which

Speaker  696040:33
means, oh, yeah, that's true. That's true. But

Speaker  696504:33
then they can manipulate their income statement say their costs are equal. So when you're laundering money, you actually don't care. You just like you want to get money out. So even if you can get like, 50% or 75% of your money out of China, you're going to be happy to do that

Speaker  700381:53
exactly, exactly, if the account

Speaker  701389:53
is connected to a Chinese entity, Amazon reported, but only, yeah, oh, that's,

Speaker  702819:13
I'm glad to see that. And I almost guarantee you, the noise we made in the first half of this year on x is what got China to see that this is a problem, like, because we were trying to get the US government to tax it, and China was probably like, Wait, we're not getting any tax money on this. And then they probably went after them from that. I think, honestly, we'll take credit for that, because, right? And the first one that's being suffered, it's anchor so, because they are just way too big and and they didn't pay a lot of taxes, so that's why Chinese government is looking into this. And what we heard is Chinese government know this situation for a long time, for the past few years, but they purposely didn't want to, like emphasize this and then try to make this everyone pay taxes. They did it on purpose because they won, because there's too many factories in China and too many products. And they need the economy to go up, right? So they need people to start selling to other country, foreign country. So they need to make this whole industry grow up first, and then now they are the whole China is trying to focus in AI and all those high technology so this industry, this E commerce, it's not what they are going to support again. So they are cracking down on everyone, not giving the loophole that they did it on purpose before. Oh, wow. So that's why they're not doing historical. They're only doing going forward now, yeah, but it's q4 it's q4 right now, and everyone is like 50% 60% of revenue is from q4 so if you could imagine, like every Chinese sellers have to raise their price just for the 13% and there's two real time for them right now to set up entity in us. There's no other way. They have to pay taxes in q4 so

Speaker  735555:13
that's crazy. Well, that's good to try level the playing field a little bit on the pricing stuff for the people who compete with Chinese sellers. I don't have that problem, but I know a lot of people

Speaker  738915:13
do. Yeah, we do. Have

Speaker  739651:13
you have you seen anybody raising their prices?

Speaker  740568:33
Yeah, I have.

Speaker  741544:33
I just checked all our competitors are Chinese.

Speaker  742920:33
Yeah, I think going like more, because maybe some of the Chinese sellers hasn't, didn't react so fast. So denial, but eventually they will increase their price. Yeah,

Speaker  747469:53
do you hear about it in the groups that you're in? Aiden, about them talking about raising their prices, like among the sellers?

Speaker  749645:53
I just got that. Let me it's, it's in Chinese, but I just got let me see. How do I try? I

Speaker  752755:13
love how you're like our resident Chinese spy.

Speaker  754243:13
We, we are in one WeChat group, and that we chat group is kind of like a chapter, like OC chapter, New York chapter, and we are in that Shenzhen chapter. And there's just so many nine figure dollars inside eight figure, and I figure and one of the owner share, kind of like a letter. They will write it to their employee every week, every month, once a month. And there's five points that that person shared about. The first one is, it's the first three points. It's all about the tax part, because everyone's trying to talk about this and and saying that they don't have margins. And the first one that he talked about is, let me see, oh, they need to try to, like, talk to the suppliers and trying to lower the cost of the goods. Second point is, they have to go into more categories so that even one category that you raise your price, it won't impact your sales too much. So right now, if you have only two hero products, it's going to be hard for you, but if you have 10 hero products, or 20 hero products, your raise price will maybe five of them, it wouldn't impact too much. And third is every Chinese sellers right now have to design their own products. They couldn't start they couldn't sell like me to product anymore, not using, you know, factories, me too, products that doesn't work right now. So he recommend everyone to start making changes and unique selling points with their products, and number four, number five doesn't matter, but that's what the Chinese sellers are trying to shift their mindset that's coming from large sellers

Speaker  787395:13
want to go to their supplier. Get a better price. Don't sell the ME TOO product. What was that? Second one, going into more categories, launching more products.

Speaker  790616:33
Yeah, and more store. I mean more products. Okay, another thing about switching, avoiding the tax part, is because Chinese sellers has so many different accounts, so many different store so it's hard for them. They have so many entities, so it's hard for them to transfer everything at once to us and Singapore. So that's another part that's been suffering,

Speaker  798157:53
but wouldn't like, even if they did that. China is now aware of this tax revenue, and I'm sure, like, you know, all of a sudden the revenue is gone from this individual or this entity. Like, wouldn't they become suspicious

Speaker  801427:13
now, yeah, but they couldn't do anything if they really transfer it to like us or Singapore, no matter what they have to pay tax. But they could only take the text that's for the entity in in China,

Speaker  805976:33
I see, oh, because China doesn't have the like as like, a US citizen, you're taxed anywhere you go in the world, right? It doesn't matter. But China, yeah, China is only for China.

Speaker  808808:33
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's hard for them to set up entity in us, because you need a passport, you need a citizen, right? And I don't think anyone would even they are paying like 100,000 or 200,000 for person to open up entity. It's a high risk for them, because if they didn't pay tax that persons, it's in trouble. So it's hard for them to really find someone that could open a company in the US, and which we have Chinese sellers friend that reaching out to us to see what we can do for them, but we

Speaker  819784:33
could, like their importer, or something like that, a what be their importer? Basically,

Speaker  821704:33
no, no. They are asking us to see if there's anyone that could open a US entity for them. Yeah,

Speaker  824280:33
but it still wouldn't work because, well, I don't, I don't, I don't know how it would work, because you still, I mean, maybe you'd have to fund the US entity with working capital to buy goods from China to ship it back, because you can't, the Chinese entity can't just send the goods to us at zero cost. You know, anyway, it's, it'll, it'll be interesting to see how they can actually get around that, right, right?

Speaker  830691:13
So a lot of Chinese sellers is gonna probably die. That's why, I think, do you know when, when they have to make that first payment? They are doing it right now for q3 so is there a deadline for that payment? No, I think so some of them already getting second tax to ask them to make a tax payment. But I'm not sure how everyone is reacting to that, because some of them have the cash to pay. Some of them doesn't, so maybe they have to talk to the institution to try to extend it. I don't know. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  842973:53
So I guess I don't know. I don't know what the government would do, but what they're gonna say, Oh, we don't have money.

Speaker  845053:53
What I know is, if many Chinese seller is gonna die, there will be a lot of good talent that's coming out into the market, so it's a good opportunity right now to grab some talent.

Speaker  849971:13
Yeah, but you think you're really gonna die, they'll just all raise prices, right? I mean, yeah, well, that solves that problem. You die if you raise prices. But now that, like, if, if Chinese sellers were priced, the reason for price compression, and they raise their prices, everyone in the US is gonna be happy. They're gonna raise their prices too, right? Like, because they were already on the verge of death, because we pay tax, you know, like we were already dying underwater because of our tax bill, and now everyone raises prices. I think everyone would be honestly happier. In general, it's a consumer that will, yeah,

Speaker  860509:53
like, no matter what it's it's going to benefit us sellers, for sure. Very interesting,

Speaker  862189:53
yeah, well, the whole point of like, I mean, the biggest thing we argue for is the US China Tax Treaty of 1984 or 86 and the whole point of that treaty was to say that if you sell in the US, you don't need to pay income tax in the United States if you don't have permanent establishment here, so long as you were paying taxes back home, right? Like that was the whole point is that you don't need to pay taxes here because you're paying taxes in China, right? They were for so long, or they weren't even paying taxes in China that that margin, their margin was operating, was literally the tax margin, exactly it, and it was murdering our businesses like this is coming right now. And one more thing about tax is they could get a 13% tax refund for anything that they export out of China from the Chinese government.

Speaker  876461:53
Yeah, yeah, that's a presentation that I did on on our trip. So, so if you have an entity in China, and if you ship out products, you export product using the entity, you can get a 13% tax refund for the amount that you ship out,

Speaker  881363:13
but does not apply to all of them. Then, like anchor and everyone. Then,

Speaker  882275:13
yeah, exactly, everyone in China, so they are getting that, plus not paying taxes for the sales revenue.

Speaker  885848:33
But hold on, so they were getting a 13% kickback on products they were exporting. Yeah, and then not 13% in the beginning,

Speaker  888552:33
yeah, no, they are still getting a 30% right now for anything that they export.

Speaker  890061:53
So like sales tax, they would pay it, and then when they ship it out, they get that sales tax back.

Speaker  891933:53
Yeah, exactly. So

Speaker  892525:53
we couldn't get our 13 because we are not in China. We are not it's based on cogs, not revenue, so it's a 13% based on cogs, not on the revenue side. So it's still, there will be a gap there, right?

Speaker  896643:13
No, but they can, they can break even with you on Amazon, but they could still get 13% profit on the cost.

Speaker  899891:13
Yeah, that's fascinating. Well, we'll see how it goes.

Speaker  901108:17
Man, I kind of like a spy, yeah, but I will share more information in regards to that, because we are a US company, so definitely we will like a fair a more fair competition, right?

Speaker  906061:53
Yeah, exactly. So what they need to do right now, like, so if they go to that Wyoming agent.com whatever, start a Wyoming entity that go open a bank account, change the entity to the US, and then from then on, import through that new company. Yes,

Speaker  912467:13
and the new company needs to pay tax on their down the year, or they can kind of make up invoices and stuff for that. Not pay tax exactly, but it'll be more the reporting. In 1099 to that foreign owned LLC. So I believe there's a higher audit risk in that situation too, if there's a lot of money going through, yeah, so they have to pay well. And then the problem too is that if they're cheating on their tariffs, which they will be, of course, if the audit does come and they say that their their cogs was $10 but on their tariff statement, they declared it was $1 right now, they're going to be hit with the tariff lines on top of lying to your income like anyway, it'd be a big mess for them financially. Yeah, so that's counter fungible so like who cares to them.

Speaker  927968:33
It's good for us, though, it's, it's all good news for us, so try and do everyone try to say in a game.

Speaker  938052:17
Just negotiating, negotiating. So, oh, trying to sell. Yeah, I'm trying to sell. Just, wow, yeah. What type of buyer, the private equity company? Yeah, I'm going to still own 20% okay to run the company for him for the next five years. Apparently, he wants me five years.

Speaker  945289:37
That's a long time.

Speaker  946553:37
It's a complex business. There's a lot of moving parts. But yeah, you planning to start a new brand after you sell,

Speaker  950270:57
maybe I start a company to open Chinese, Chinese company, US company,

Speaker  951710:57
if it's PTSD, is not too bad.

Speaker  952750:57
Yeah, exactly.

Speaker  953070:57
If they're keeping you on for five years, they're probably going to have in there that you can't start any new brands,

Speaker  954436:17
right? Yeah.

Speaker  954772:17
When I sold in 2019 they were like, and you know, you can't have any new brands. And I was like, Oh, well, I already have, like, two others. And they're like, all right, fine, but no other new ones. They like, carved it out of the contract.

Speaker  958708:17
Yeah. I haven't decided what to do if I sell yet, but hopefully, you know,

Speaker  960409:37
Wow, that's good. Yeah, I gotta

Speaker  961801:37
run to another call. Guys. Anyway, great chatting as always. Thank you so much. Yeah, trust stuff ping me like I'm happy to chat more on the, you know, whatever that is, see you guys, see you then,

Speaker  966062:57
okay, guys, so I think that's the end of our call, and we'll we'll chat next month, it'll be post Black Friday Cyber Monday. So hopefully everybody has a killer Black Friday,

Speaker  969998:57
right? Just trying to make a little advertising here. If anyone that that needs a hiring service in China or fighting factories or inspection services, you guys can reach out to me.

Speaker  974596:17
Okay, good. You should post that in MDS. Aiden, really? Yeah, of

Speaker  976441:37
course you can, yeah, as long as you don't harass people over DM telling them to hire your service.

Speaker  979129:37
Oh, okay, yeah, have a service like, that's a service you provide.

Speaker  980473:37
Yeah, we help hiring. We've done two hires already, helping people to hire account manager that's from big sellers with a very, very low cost. Do they speak English? Some of them, does some of them know, but some of them could read and can type, oh, so you can just, we chat time, yeah, or whatever. And they, some of them even do like, like translations and something, but it's something that's possible, awesome. If you want someone that really good in English, we can try, we can try to find too, yeah, and fighting factories, you know, inspections, all those type of stuff. Because there's a lot of talents in China, those large sellers, they are pretty good.

Speaker  995913:37
And how would a US company manage that, like, how would they manage that person and know that they're like, not working for somebody else at the same time or whatever.

Speaker  999406:57
Um, so

Speaker  999774:57
where are they pretty? Are they pretty ethical employees? Or

Speaker  1001118:57
in Shenzhen, just that city where most large sellers are in Yeah, if you're paying a higher Okay, income, people are more ethical. And basically, how we manage the account manager, it's giving them incentive based on the performance, so no matter what, if they hit your target, if they hit their goal, okay, that's all good. And also, we do have, like, independent contractor contracting, specifically saying about you couldn't work for other people. So,

Speaker  1011721:37
okay, okay, cool, yeah, yeah, you should definitely post about that at MDS.

Speaker  1013998:57
Okay, sounds good, yeah,

Speaker  1014894:57
yeah. I've been wanting to find a photographer in China. So,

Speaker  1017598:57
oh, if you want, I can send you to you, no problem,

Speaker  1018340:17
awesome. I'll let you I'll let you know in the chat, yeah, reach out to me. Thank you. All right. No problem, good. Talk to you guys. That was really good.

Speaker  1022244:17
Great. Call guys. Bye.
