Ian Sells_2_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
All right. All right, all right. How we doing today? All right, gonna kick us off here, super excited to just, you know, present some things that I've been playing with, and we're gonna talk about some AI tools that I'm using I've tested, and show you some potentially opportunities, easy wins. Because I know a lot of times these things take a lot of time, and so when I have a lot of time, I just sit there and play with these tools. So I'm going to show you a round of what's really working for me. And then Damon over here is going to share some really cool strategy on automating some things with AI.

Speaker  10565:20
Hey you super cool e com sellers, welcome to our eighth annual MDS Summit. Can't wait to hang out with you all.

Speaker  12874:40
That wasn't me, if you couldn't tell, pretty close. But yeah, I'm Ian sells. I'm member number one. Started this Facebook group, and then you guys all decided to pay for joining a Facebook group. So thank you for that. I've sold two Amazon businesses. I still run one as a side business. Kind of really to stay involved in all these things that we're talking about. And I built a bunch of SaaS companies with my partner Leo here in MDS. So it's been really great to be a part of that. We built a company called rebate key that was really amazing. Got crushed by Amazon. So I also hate Amazon, just like you guys, and now we run joint brands. Also, I have a problem. I'm a real entrepreneur, and everything I think about turns into a business, so it makes me crazy, but I'm able to somehow move them forward. So that's kind of been my passion, and I do love sour patch, kids, but let's start with some questions. Okay, raise your hand if you're using chat, GPT, Claude or grok. Okay, put your hands down all right. Are you using automations when any end Zapier or make Okay, that's pretty good, about 20% Do you have a developer or AI automation team that are on your payroll? Okay? More like 5% okay, cool. So things are really changing in this world. Cars are gonna be flying soon. You're gonna be walking around with glasses that tell you everything that's going on. And you know, we need to continuously adapt. And I think, like the people in this room are uniquely qualified, because we are a digital first business, and when you meet other business owners, they really don't know about these automations. They're hiring consultants and trying to figure it out. And we're here like we know we need to do this stuff. We know it's important. We know we speed up development, innovation, all that good stuff. So, you know, stay ahead of the times. Use what we know this. We're on the computer all day long. We're good at figuring things out, so let's lean into that. But I'm gonna say I'm not an expert, okay, but I've spent a lot of time, like I said, you know, looking into these different tools and apps. And we'll give you some, you know, ones that I think are really amazing, some things that I think you should be doing. And, you know, this is an example that work, but basically, like, you can just be a little bit more creative by taking a meme on the internet and then animating it right. So very simple stuff in one second.

Speaker  52016:00
Let's get this AI party started.

Speaker  53808:00
So I'm just gonna jump right in. This is kind of a Perry Belcher style presentation. Basically, I'm gonna rattle off a bunch of tools that you probably should be using. This one fixer I've been using for quite a while. It basically replaced my VA to manage my email inbox. It literally tags everything what it should be. It understands your context what you've sent. It's great for customer service as well. I get tons of emails across different businesses, so you can set up different automations there, but basically it puts all the labels on every single email, and then it writes drafts for every email that comes in. So basically it knows what you're supposed to reply and like, oh, yeah, that presentation. Yeah, I needed that by yesterday. And then all you have to do is review it and click send. So it automates a ton of stuff. Highly recommend trying it out. It also has a built in calendar and built in call recording. If you're not using like, calendaring stuff, it'll actually send people like your available schedule and all this cool stuff. So 30 bucks saves a ton of time. Basically, my VA now works on higher level stuff than spending three hours in my inbox trying to organize things. This one is amazing. It's by shingy. He referred it into the group. And I know a lot of people have started using it, but if you're not using this, you really need to. It's like, increases your productivity four to 10 times. Honestly, it's not just like your iPhone app that you kind of dictate to it literally, is AI that thinks and understands. So you can rattle off 10 minutes of content and it'll clearly organize it and send it out. I usually am known to respond with very short messages because people think I'm a dick, but I'm not. I just am like, yes, no, bye, right? So now I have wrong long messages because it's very easy just to dictate it. And it works on iPhones. It works on your desktop. It's really great on desktop. Actually, just push one button and. And you start speaking. So answering long forms, like, highly recommend this, and it's pretty much free for like, 20,000 words a week or something. So try that out. And, oh, new thing. They have shortcuts. So you can be like, address, it'll just spit out the address. Or you'd be like, you know, calendar, it'll literally send the calendar. Here's my calendar link that it does, so you can do those things even faster. So desktop and iPhone app, okay, some ones you might not know of. This is an app called Roark. It's made for building iPhone apps, okay, and you can deploy them to the app store for that. So like, think about in your business how you can utilize this. I just built a simple one for warranty registration for my company, right? So they scan the QR code, go to my warranty app, enter their email, put goals in database. Now I can actually send them push notifications. So that's like a simple use case, and it does this app does take, like, a at least a couple of the day or two to really get to work, right? But once you're done with that, you pretty much have it happen. You can just, you basically, like, make it blue, you know, add this feature, make a login, add this and it just, it does it so and it debugs all for it's pretty cool. This is example of what I just made like, within, you know, an hour, enter email capture that, you know, puts in a database, all that good stuff that QR code should work. So it'll make you download a thing to test out the app, but you'll be able to try that out. But check out this app. It's pretty cool. And this is like, basically the screen where it's, like, creating all the different app functions and stuff. So you haven't tried that out. That's a good one. And I've tried a couple, by the way, I've tried a couple of them. So that was the best one that I found that made it easiest, lovable. There's a bunch of these as well that help you create websites, web apps and all that good stuff. I was on a vacation with a friend, and he had an idea to create a website. And I was like, let's just go on here and do it. And so we drink couple beers and spend a little bit of time making an app, but you can literally say, clone Airbnb, and it'll literally make Airbnb. There's a little bit you have to play with. I will say this also takes time, so it's not something you can just do in like 30 minutes. You got to spend a couple hours with it. But out of the all the website app builders, this one was the easiest, and did the best, and also you can deploy it and all that good stuff, and it hosts it. So do it in a weekend. But like his idea was basically summer camps for kids. Really hard to find camps for your kids. There's a billion websites, so we wanted to aggregate them all into one website. We built this literally in like, a couple hours, and you can literally sign in, log in. You know, these are literally real camps that you can click on. So it's like Airbnb for camps, basically. So give it a try if you have that kind of idea. Okay, this is a pretty cool app. It's called affogato AI, we're in Italy, so might as well use that. But if you haven't tried it, is. I've seen it in some p and LS as well of other e com businesses and like on their you know what they're talking about. But basically, I tested it out. It's so easy your VA could do it. This is an example right here. I took a Peru's image of just your product. You basically overlay the product onto the product here, and then it becomes an image. And also, I guess it auto play, but and then you can just say, make it a video. So super easy to do. Obviously, you could also get a video image like that from join brands with somebody holding your product, and then go right to here if you want. But that is a really easy way to just make some simple videos for your website. Okay, this is a pretty cool one I'm playing with right now. This is called blow Tato. It creates automated content for your for your your Amazon or for your for like YouTube or for Instagram and tick tock. So basically, you can combine this with automations and remix videos and turn them into posts, but I just made

Speaker  140394:40
this for Are you ready for this picture? This members from all corners of the globe, united in Milan, each one with a passion, a story, a dream. The energy is electric. Can you feel it from inspiring talks to shared laughs, this summit is more than an event. It's a celebration of our community. So pack your bags and get ready. Welcome to Milan. So as you

Speaker  147072:00
can see, that took about five minutes to do, and then once you have the settings, you can basically, like, put automation in there and have it do it a lot of stuff. So highly recommend that if you want to make a Tiktok channel, I think he's going to talk a little bit about that stuff. About that stuff. Another cool site that I played with. It's really big in the VC world. They're getting a lot of traction. They have a lot of people also don't like it, so try it out. But for statics, I think it's pretty cool, because it ties into your ad account on Facebook. And this is one of those things, like, if you're not doing any Facebook ads, might as well just do this. Just do this. Okay, so, like, I have another slide on the next one too, but this basically will take any ads, it'll it'll use chat, GBT, or whatever their AI tool is, and it creates new ads based on what's working, what copy is working. It'll automatically update and suggest new ads. And for like, 40 bucks a month, you could basically start running Facebook ads on auto. Pilot. So highly recommend you check it out. These are some of the ad types that it makes in statics. The video is, like, $400 a month, so, and I don't hear great things about it, but like, if you're just wanting to make this up, you can, like, load in a grunge ad and it'll literally copy that for your product and knows all about your product. So super easy way to make a lot of image ads and automate the whole process. Okay, this one I posted in MDS. How many of you are doing, like blogs or SEO on your website? Raise your hand. Yeah. Like, not many of you. Okay, so you should be doing it, especially when what Eugene said, you know, people are moving off the channel. Like SEO takes time. You got to put time in for that. So outrank.so we have a MDS offer. If you use that, you know, half the affiliate commissions of it that you guys do from partner offers goes to chapters and funds that. So try to use the partners if you can. But basically it also gives you backlinks. So I've seen, I've tried it on like, two of my sites, or actually, I'm doing on joint brands MDS and my my Amazon brand as well. And this is an example of, like, what happens, you know, just from like, two months so I'm getting domain authority, I'm getting impressions all the way up to 1.5k and clicks are slowly going up. So set on autopilot. You can have it design what you want. And then this is another one. I'm gonna go fast, because I think we're kind of behind time. But basically, gum loop is a super easy way to automate tools like drag and drop, builders like kind of like make and has a lot of templates you can use. So like, you know, personalized outreach, personalized outbound. I'm using some of these things. You can generate newsletters, event scanner, automation, Damon's going to talk about this, so I'll let him do that. But basically you can string together agents to work together. So that's more technically. You probably do want to hire somebody to do that. I'm doing with a LinkedIn repositor. So some of the content you see on LinkedIn, it's basically me dropping articles and other people's posts into my LinkedIn. Content generate is fins. It for my vert, like my version, I can take like, news articles and be like, you know, now I can announce things instantly on LinkedIn. So that's pretty cool. And I hired a guy to do this off Upwork. So lastly, the opening of our video, I made that in like 10 minutes on veo three using a JSON prompt. So if you haven't heard about JSON prompts, you need to start using them, especially when you're doing video. You basically could enter in a simple prompt like make a luggage suitcase open into the scene of Milan, and it'll literally, let's wait up there, actually. And then it basically does this, and it basically gives way more detailed, you know, suggestions and like, what to do and how it should move, subtle, mechanical opening of a center seam and all that kind of stuff. So it gives more context, and you get way better creative. So that's where let's see if this works. This one came from and I just sent it over like, Oh, that's pretty good, actually. So super easy to do. Oh, here.

Speaker  206298:40
So that's it for me. All

Speaker  208666:40
right, Chris, question is, if you have used the same technology for doing live on Tiktok with AI avatar

Speaker  211072:00
for lives, using the same photo to turn it into a video, you mean,

Speaker  213072:00
sorry, using a avatars to do avatars? Yes, no. So I think that lives are so dynamic and there's so many rules around it that they would be nearly impossible to real time AI generation with a live so those of you who don't do Tiktok lives, it's basically when you live stream content that's available for purchase. But there are so many rules and so many regulations to tic tac lives. It would be nearly impossible to do it in real time with AI like currently, currently, I guess I don't think it's possible.

Speaker  221786:39
You think it's going to be possible for sure next?

Speaker  223194:40
Yeah, so all of the videos you showed looked like it was folks talking we have physical products that resonate well when they're demonstrated. So have you done anything with physical products in AI videos?

Speaker  226976:00
That's a great observation. And so there are two types of there are two types of videos that you can post to tick, tock one, and one's called an anchored video, and one's a non anchored video. An anchor video just means that's a product tag to it, and it's a video that's it's commercializable. That's a word that means you can buy the product, right? And so the challenge with this is that both types of videos have different compliance rules behind them. So videos that are anchored or tagged with a product, you can't say a lot. It's very, very restricted to the things you can say about it. Non anchored or non tagged products, you can say whatever you want. So we've gone down the path of the non tagged products because a like it takes way too long to develop the. And the following and the history and whatever to make an AI profile eligible to send. And then secondarily, they're under a lot more scrutiny when it comes to selling anchor content. So we just do non product, non anchor, non anchor content, and allow and tease people. They sort of lead them to finding your product online and purchasing organically.

Speaker  245600:00
Yeah, I'd add into that. So, like, you don't need to tag your product on Tiktok for it to sell on Tiktok. First of all, you can just do Tiktok videos. Now, how do you get the product to show up in the video? That's, I think that was more your question, right? So what I'm seeing people do is they take a video, like what he showed, talking about the experience of the product and how it benefits the customer, and in between that, they clip away from that avatar, showing close ups of somebody applying cream, so it could be from a real person, or, you know, you're somebody in your office just doing some they call B roll, right? And then there's tools like veed that you can basically create, a creator, an avatar. You can mix in V the B roll along with, like, knowing where you want it to be placed. And so, a lot of great ads. I think in my previous presentation I did for MDS, I showed you know how a lot of brands are basically taking these avatars and mixing in the B roll and using the avatar as the narrator of the story. So you don't have to have them that person Showing on screen like as they are with the product, because it usually has weird fingers or things like that. But you can actually show take cuts from other videos, as if it was that person, or they're telling the story of, you know, three or four different creators, and you're using those videos as a slice in

Speaker  264629:20
question for both of you. Ian, start with you. I'll rank that so you don't think so you're seeing ranking improvement based on completely AI generated content on SEO blocks,

Speaker  268714:40
yeah, yeah. So you can drop in, like, very low volume keywords, and it'll create a very long, detailed article with custom images, Custom Tables, custom like, it's amazing what it puts together. I'm not saying that this is the ones that you want to send in your newsletter and like post on LinkedIn right, these are just to hit, like, the low hanging fruit. And then you should, you know, obviously have a writer do, like, you know, high level stuff, so, but, and then they're backlink so everybody that signs up for this, as they're writing articles for other blogs, and they're talking about influencer marketing, then they will tag join brands in an automated AI way, so you're getting, it's kind of like a backlink exchange, but as more people sign up, the it grows, right? So, yeah, that's how you really hands off. And you just literally, like, if you're doing nothing, you might as well do something. And you saw the growth in a couple months, like 12 months from now, it'll look completely different.

Speaker  281253:20
Gotcha, I want to ask anybody in this room has something to level up things that they presented on. So I know a lot of questions. I want to like, anybody is doing this, and then some i or is this the highest level of AI? Alex, Alex, Alex,

Speaker  285658:40
we'll come back to you. Charles, all right, actually, fine. All the way in the back of the room. Alex, raise his hand. Feel free to add something if you're doing something amazing. Share that.

Speaker  287610:40
Yeah, hey. How many creators was running doing this? Stand up. Are you doing it all on one ah, we can't see you. Hey. Are you doing this all on one tick tock creator account? Or do you have like, 40 cancer accounts?

Speaker  292656:00
That's a good question. No, we have multiple accounts. So let's think about like your audience is diverse as well, right? So we have various avatars that represent different aspects, that are different assets of value

Speaker  296549:20
that a customer is looking for. Are you buying those or starting them from scratch? That's a

Speaker  297605:20
good question. We're considering buying them or starting with Scratch, right now.

Speaker  298645:19
Who here is buying them. I know I mentioned we got over there. Matt, we'll get to you after, Alex, you had something or no.

Speaker  300938:40
Ron, I made just to level them up. Level it up. Well, good stuff. Damon, that was awesome. That was great. I think I'll be discussing this later today. This could be something that you do in addition to many other things, right? So once you get to a level where you can start doing more and affording more, there's just so much to do, and I'll go over that. But what I really loved about this is you can start this like today, and invest very little. You don't need a ton of money, and you can get going. So I love it. I love it. I think this is a great way to start testing Tiktok for your product.

Speaker  312613:20
Yeah, raise your hand real quick if you remember a tactic that you wish you leaned more into when it first came out. Come on. I know everybody here like taking on Amazon, like taking advantage when reviews are free, or taking advantage of many chat earlier take, you know, like, this is a time to, like, lean into some of these things. Yes, it can take some your time, but the results can be massive. I mean, you know, I'm sure you're, you're starting to experience those things, and you've had some wins, but you know it's going to take time, but once you start to figure these things out, they can be multipliers to your business. This. And so, you know, taking advantage of these is where a lot of people see big

Speaker  320928:00
wins in MDS. Green, Matt, green, Max, I wanted or max, or Matt, after I wanted to, you can share your experience on the buying toss it to max.

Speaker  323552:00
Matt, so I hired, like a Gen Z employee that's, like, really into tick tock and knows how to use discord. And apparently you can buy these on these, like discord groups. They're about, like, two to 300 per account, and basically you're buying, like, already approved affiliate accounts. So you can then, like, post and tag product already, and they already have followers. So just seemed like a good way to distribute it, rather than, you know, starting from scratch,

Speaker  331701:20
Max, we're on Discord. Follow up, talk directly into it. Mike, so, Matt, answer, we're on

Speaker  334245:20
Discord. Um, so I don't even know how to use discord,

Speaker  335957:20
but I hire a Gen Z employee,

Speaker  336416:00
yeah, there's like, these, like, creator groups for, like, all these people are, like, trying to be tick tock affiliates. Apparently, you can buy them in in those,

Speaker  339680:00
there's, there's one called always getting accounts that you can buy. That's what it's called on Discord, always getting accounts. Yeah, looking at around 4000 numbers, one thing I wanted to ask Damon is kind of your last kind of call to action. You know, you said it's not anchored. One of the things that we've been playing around with and heard that is maybe a value add. Is like, if you're able to make the last the last call to action not be branded, but can be a keyword on Amazon. It could be a search, find, buy that's not branded, then Amazon will give you more ranking juice for that root keyword that makes sense. So if so, if I include my my brand on there, then Amazon recognizes that it's a brand. Search, find, buy, and I'm not getting as much ranking juice for the root keyword, but if I want to get ranking juice for the root keyword, then I find another keyword that maybe I'm at the top already, that maybe it's not huge search volume, but has my root, and I'm already dominating that that then I get some some ranking juice for for that route. But question to you, Damon, is kind of what, what are you doing towards the end?

Speaker  361637:20
Yeah, that's a really amazing observation. And so what we do is we use the video scripts as sort of seed what we want them to search for, either an ingredient, a differentiator of the product, or some sort of value that they're looking for. And then we never talk about the brand explicitly, but we will like show the product, because we have a very distinct label, we'll show the product and and that, like, sort of connects the dots for the searcher, right? Like, oh, that's the color combo I'm looking for. That's the shape of the bottle I'm looking for, whatever. So then, then they're able to make that connection. We don't do branded anything for compliance reasons, cool.

Speaker  373600:00
Like to say one thing real quick, just like this stuff, you know, it looks the easy way of saying you're going to try it. It's not going to be as easy as it looks. Let me put it that way. So give yourself some time to get it going. Don't be discouraged. Tick tock. And these social media platforms, like what I see on Joy brands and all the things that they're experiencing, like, it takes a lot of shots at goal to get a viral video. So you're not going to get a viral video on your first shot or the second shot. Or the second shot, and most likely not your third so it's gonna take time. And what he's saying, you know, what we're talking about is like duplicating that effort in an automated way across multiple accounts as you scale this thing up. But, you know, owning that audience, building awareness for your brand has shown through the trend report to be really important for you guys to scale your businesses and get more, you know, eyeballs. And when people are ready to buy, they're thinking about what they saw.

Speaker  385296:00
Hey, last, last question. Yeah, make it quick, please. Thank you. Yes.

Speaker  386464:00
So we have started to play around a little bit with posting AI videos on Tiktok, but what we have seen is that they get extremely low views these videos, and also some of them are getting flagged by Tiktok. So I guess my question is, like, is it something in particular need to think about when you are posting AI content compared to like, regular videos?

Speaker  392869:20
Yeah, another great question, another challenge that we're also navigating in real time, I would say a third of my videos get flagged and taken down as AI, and we've tried everything, like self declaring this AI or not adding in green screens or not adding in a second AI avatar to sort of comment on an original AI video. It's crazy. The rules are always changing. You just gotta. A bt always be testing, right? If that's it, just iterations and permutations over and over, then you

Speaker  401744:00
a new one. ABL, now, abt, abt, abt, you got anything else? Thank you guys. You guys have a great way to start off. You.
