WMDS Call Dec 2025
Date: December 15, 2025

Speaker  2096:00
You see how are you? Can you hear

Speaker  4720:00
me? I can hear you very well. Good. Blur the background. It doesn't matter.

Speaker  6693:20
No, who cares? Nobody cares. I'm in my car.

Speaker  8709:19
Yes, we're hoping Go ahead. No, how are you, um,

Speaker  11610:40
you know, we're introducing new product, you know, holiday time. It just, you know is hey all day as is, right? Yeah, family stuff, where we're going, if we're not going, we don't when we going somewhere we are we don't enjoy the travel and the people we are hanging out. If we're not going somebody else is getting mad. And you know all that the business, why the business? We're introducing new product. It should be the first patch coming in towards the end of the December. I'm just, I'm we do you remember what I sell? Right? My brand? Right?

Speaker  26261:20
Your arts, arts and crafts, right?

Speaker  27290:40
Yes, we're in a soft I was, yeah, we're in a soft goods area. Soft goods is a very difficult to photograph. You know?

Speaker  30730:40
What can you? Can you give me, give me more context about what soft goods means and to your category,

Speaker  32560:00
we're selling hand knitting yarn. Oh, yeah, okay, so the product itself, you know, we have a just hard time finding the photographer. There's a plenty of photographers first, but they book for one hour. You know? They just photograph and my dog walk in. Hi, Dakota. You want to say? Hello, I have a beautiful husky. Hey, Dakota.

Speaker  39765:20
Oh, beautiful Yeah.

Speaker  40661:19
However, our product need quite a bit maneuver with your hands and shape it correctly and fold it you try to try. For example, I'm photographer. I'm photographing right now, since photographing our scarf, yeah, mannequin, but the scarf you just have, you really had to roll it. How to make it look interesting and different. Yeah, take a lot of time. That's what I meant. And a yarn is as well. Yarn is is soft. They can look very messy, but you have to move your hands or something up, just through them out. Most of these, most photographers don't, don't do that. Also that, you know, we, we, I hired a number of those. Well, I tested number of photographers. They just don't have the they just, they. I haven't find a good one. So I'm photographer, photograph right now. It's, you know, it is one of those things to try to work on the big picture. Should I photograph? I'm for. I enjoy photography. Actually, I did at the beginning. I did, yeah, on most of my website, on Amazon, I did good. I did well. However, is I need. What does it mean if I photograph, what do I not able to work on?

Speaker  65936:00
Right? Yeah, well, I'm also curious. I'm curious too. Casey sounds like I hear you say you have two issues. One is almost fashion styling, so it looks beautiful. It is finished product. And then there's the actual photography of the yarn itself. Is that what I'm getting, right? Yeah, put it two points, yeah, yeah. Well, you know, it's, it's interesting. You bring this up. Actually, my, one of my daughters, has been crocheting a lot, and so this Christmas, we're going to crochet as a family for fun. And so I started looking at yarn and Michaels, and it is really beautiful. And I never, I want to look at your listings, because I'm kind of now into it, and now I have a perspective, and because it looks so beautiful as it's wrapped up into a ball, and I can imagine how difficult it would be to get it right. I'm also wondering, do you deploy any AI for you know, because that might get you closer to this more beautiful. All feel and look. Have you tried that?

Speaker  80992:00
I haven't. We did. I did. I ran. We have a couple of Facebook groups operated by by my brand. We did a surveys, you know, how do they think about AI, you know, crafters, because they are, they are DIY or so they're they can make things they Yeah, they spot right away when, when a young through AI looks just too smooth. And then they, they spot it right away. Most of the colors, most of our young but it look it up as a knit health. That's my brand, knit, K, N, i, t, p, A, P, a, l,

Speaker  94122:39
can you put it in the chat? Okay,

Speaker  95658:40
I'm just going to share my storefront and, like, the whole link,

Speaker  96671:59
yeah, that would be awesome, because I'd like, I'd like to take a look at it, and I'm guessing your sales really must. They must be bigger than q4 because people might be making Christmas presents, right?

Speaker  100864:00
Yes, the q4 is the our season is we, we, we start to pick up in September, and the season ends in February, actually, January after holiday, January and February is a good month for us too.

Speaker  105861:20
Yeah, yeah. Okay, interesting. And then the summer season, not so much, because people are outside.

Speaker  107706:39
Yes, also, you know, is taking time, if your kids are school at home, you know, is something you don't, you know? I think, yeah, is is outside? Is a weather relevant, you know, in the winter in the East Coast, what do you do right? In the winter, you find something too and and also is to, you know, summer, the cotton yarn does well, does better than wool, because it's just not that hot. You know, wool, people don't want to work with wool and pull a blanket on your lap. When? So what? Yeah, what you're making, what your family crocheting this holiday?

Speaker  120533:20
Oh, I don't know, because my, my 27 year old, is a craft. She likes crafting things, so she made a little she made a crocheted clutch purse, which was really beautiful. She's just made a couple like stocking caps. And I thought it'd be really fun. Since, when my kids all come home, we watch, we watch a lot of movies, and I said to my daughter, can wife tell me what to buy yarn and crochet hooks so we could all practice crocheting something together for fun? I don't, I don't expect it to stick. Even my husband said, Oh, make sure the needles are big enough for my hands. So I don't know what we're going to do. Actually, I just think it hilarious that we try to each crochet something, maybe a scarf, maybe a hat. Who knows?

Speaker  131280:00
Yeah, yeah. That's true, that that's yeah. That does sound. Sounds like a very fun activity for families.

Speaker  134501:20
Well, we'll see. I'll report back. I'll take photos and pretend it's your stuff.

Speaker  135781:20
Yeah, I sent you the link on the on the chat,

Speaker  136837:20
yeah, I saw it. Yeah. So

Speaker  137653:20
how are you doing?

Speaker  138293:20
We're doing great. We're having, you know, a good end of the year we are forecast is like we're going to end up, I think really well, I'm excited about it. I am right now, though, trying to get some new products launched for January. And I have to say, I'm so distracted. I'm just not focusing enough on them. And I know I need to do it. So I'm, I think I might be distracted just by the holidays now, but my goal is to, is to, by next week, you know, agree to what we're launching and get those into production so we can have a really good q1 so that's, that's sort of we're up to,

Speaker  147792:00
apparently, you know, is, I know. So you you introduce new product in your niche, just choose your brand. I know you have one brand. Are you exploring other categories or just stay in your category?

Speaker  151717:20
Yeah, we're expanding in our category. So we're, we are children's personal care, and our, our bubble bath is our is our top seller by by a lot, by 80% and so we're launching a body wash to get into that category, still within our Kat, still within our niche, but in a different category. We're also launching some hair care, all of which is a really good companion to our bubble bath. It's the same unique delivery system. So that's where we need to go faster. And I know I need to go faster, so I just have to. It out of my own way. You know what I mean,

Speaker  160768:00
something like, you know, just, you know, chemical free, children friendly, that type of thing.

Speaker  163024:00
Yeah, I mean our products that have like, five or six ingredients made in the USA, and they're just, they work really, really well. It's, it's just time to be more aggressive with our product launches. So that's, that's my main focus. We're also pushing into retail. We have a retail agency who's pushing us into retail next year. We have many meetings set up for next year. So that's a huge, I hope, growth channel for us. You know, it's expensive, but I think for over the long haul, it'll be good for growth.

Speaker  171770:40
Yeah, there's a great opportunity.

Speaker  172666:40
Yeah, yeah. So we have Sharon joining, and I can't Shar What are you guys up to? What's what's new? How's your year ending?

Speaker  174906:40
Hi guys. Sorry. I'm Let me try my camera on. I have this weird eye injury, so Chachi PT told me not to look at screens. Is this working?

Speaker  177696:00
Because that's our that's our new doctor.

Speaker  178688:00
Nice to meet you guys. I've been on a few of these calls, and I just joined MDS in August. I have a women's clothing line. It's mostly tights, and it's it's doing well, but I wish I could do better. I've been focused this year. I tried to launch on Tiktok, it failed. I tried to launch on shine. That just started. I don't know how that will go. And right now I'm trying to figure out inventory, because I just kind of manually, like Manage Inventory myself, and I always miss 10 to 20% of sales because I do that.

Speaker  191274:40
Did you guys hear me? Yeah.

Speaker  191658:40
So do you use any software to manage inventory planning.

Speaker  193376:00
I have Helium 10, but, um, the problem with a lot of the software is that maybe I just didn't find the right one. That's my site, by the way, is they don't do well with seasonal because my products are Halloween products, mostly. So then they can't predict very well, because what you wanted to do is predict all of the sales it has in like August and project into October. And it can't do that well.

Speaker  201221:20
We use do you manage your own inventory? Yes. Do you have, do you have? Do you have a Do you have an accounting person or an ops manager? So you do it. I do everything.

Speaker  205242:40
I know. Welcome to our world, right? Yeah,

Speaker  206282:39
I don't, you know, we used to sell a board as a dashboard, and they have an inventory. They kind of, they have, I remember this had now I have a inventory manager to do that, but he managed a very extensive spreadsheet, right, Google Sheet. I think sell Ibo can sort of factor in the seasonal. Let you look at in the range of 180 days, or, you know longer, 90 days average. Okay.

Speaker  216197:20
Do you use seller? Board, No, I've never heard of it. I could definitely check. Do you use tele board?

Speaker  217621:19
I do. I usually say yeah. They have a relatively sophisticated program. So Jennifer, I have a question to ask. So do you, do you have a Do you have an agency to manage your PPC, or you manage within internally?

Speaker  223674:40
We now we manage it in house I have my operators. Manager is pretty sophisticated, and she takes a lot of classes and does a lot of stuff. Are we the Are we the most expert? No, but she follows the rules and she's cut our spend, and she's just really smart, so that's how we do it. How about you?

Speaker  229632:00
We have, we always, I think when I get to a million something, I started working with the agency. We're, you know, we are. We worked well, and then we switch to a new agency about 24 months ago, no, sorry, about a year ago. Is the thing is, we, it's feasible for us to have agency to work on it. We have a lot of skills. And I don't, you know, my time is not, you know, managing that my, my thing is, we. Um, nomads. Have you heard about them? They have a good reputation with in MDS members within who it? Who is it? I'm sorry, who is it?

Speaker  243328:00
Nomads? Oh, yeah, you know what's interesting. Talk to Kat. What's her name? Shoot the stationary company. She used them and was happy for a minute, and then she wasn't. I just talked to another guy that has that loves nomads. They're just really expensive, that they're good for a bit, and then they're not. I don't have any experience with them. I was also going to hire them a while ago. But are you are you happy with them? Is that why you're asking, or

Speaker  249717:20
you're not happy? Um, I'm impartial at this moment. We I feel they are really good at a customer relation. They say things sounds really positive. They kind of, you know, for for instance, I pointed out our sales was down, you know, in in November versus last year versus this year? Yeah, and there's always going to do that, but they shared a comparison, but they only say thing pointed out, things look good, make them look good, but not really. The other part, yeah, I feel like we're running circles. Is it really because what they do, or is it become my Kat log, I didn't introduce any new product this year. What's a realistic goal for me? Which which part is their response they should be responsible for? You know? Yeah, did

Speaker  266981:19
you did you did when you worked with them? Did they say, did they say, here we think are the forecasts will be like, what was your, what was your initial conversation, and what was it? What was the metrics you're gonna measure them by?

Speaker  270186:40
They, I pointed out. They said that they're gonna, they made a plan that is gonna make a difference. But that's about four or five days ago, you know, it hasn't made any difference.

Speaker  273472:00
And did you and they you asked them to say why? And they said, why?

Speaker  275344:00
I haven't asked. I think I'm conflated as well. Is it because of my Kat log, or is it because of the advertising or because they just, I don't know, right? I asked, why? On different, different things before they they just said, something sounds really good, but in the end of the day, you know, 30 days won't go by. There's no major changes, still the same?

Speaker  283066:40
Yes, I honestly, if it's for me, I would, I would very I would get the I get in the weeds at the metrics, and has your spend gone up or down?

Speaker  285802:40
We we our spending gone down because we are, we are profit focused. And we'll want to, you know, have a relatively low a cost, a tacos, yeah, which is, which is happening in progress. That's also killed the sales when you, when you're tidying, when you want to reduce the tacos, right? Yeah, so that that's the, Oh, you're back home. That's the, that's the balance that should be, you know what it is, you know, they could, they can reduce maybe is just advertising itself. I don't know who's responsible here. That's why I didn't really just, you know, yeah, build the relationship, yeah.

Speaker  298181:20
Well, here's, here's, here's, you know, what I've learned with agencies is, I mean, you got to sort of stick to what you know your metrics right, like what you agree, what you agree, and then you know if the ACOs is out of whack, or whatever it is. But if you know your season is right now, and is the search volume there. So I would like, we would dig in deeper. Is the search volume the same as it was last year? If it's not right? Or are there new competitors in your space and what? How are they running ads? Yes, you want to be profitable, but right now, should you be running other ads for deals? I don't know what the answers are for you, but you know how many ads are running? Is there? Are there new ads running? And you know, are you? Are you trying new keywords? And I'm not an expert in any of this, Dana really is to be able to speak to this for sure, more closely, because she has an agency, it probably be good to talk to her, actually, and ever take a look at your account. But I've heard conflicting things about nomads. At the beginning, they're amazing, and then they sort of soften, but that that's not all the experiences, right? I have another guy that gives them all his business, and he just doesn't even bother. They just do it and he's happy with it.

Speaker  318602:40
So, you know,

Speaker  319226:40
it's most agencies that I know. Method is waiting too, because they're, they're sort of private that I work with us based agency. They didn't spend that much time no matter their technologies. It's a is a skill inside which is a very advanced tool. That's what they use, because there there are services most of people's outside of us. So it's cheaper. They're willing to spend time and digging in. But I just you know, honestly, as an owner business, how much I can how much detail I can keep tab on, because I'm my brains, a new product. Develop a new product. What am I going to do with my brand, Tiktok, my, you know, Shopify, you know, I really need someone to come manage on their own. That's why I couldn't bring in house. I couldn't bring it because I have to manage that person, right?

Speaker  336304:00
I'd probably get tighter on the metrics. I would have to revisit the metrics so you don't, you can worry less. But then however they, you meet with them, go over the top line things that you care about, that you've agreed that, that that's the expectation. Probably, yeah, no matter who the agency is, it's hard. They have to be managed. That's just the facts.

Speaker  343765:20
Yeah they are, yeah they are. Well, I think I realized that we are. We hire people. You have a bigger team than I am, if people just want to say things that sounds really good, well, that's

Speaker  348730:40
just it. I just don't believe anybody at their word, because everybody's friendly in the beginning, and yeah, we may like the people, but if the results aren't coming. So what I would want to know is, like, what what did? What results do you expect from them? And that's, that's the, that's the bar, right, yeah. And if they, if they're not meeting it, ask, why? Like, what do they see? What should you know? Again, it's like, my ops manager is the one that is very good at this, and we're still not expert, but we do a good enough job, just because we realize, for us, we need a lot of detail, and agencies can't give us enough detail because they're designed to give you, you know, reporting once a month, or whatever it is. But we want to go we want to go really deep, so we're not a really good fit. We discovered for an agency, we're too needy.

Speaker  362933:20
Well, you want to know data. You want someone really digging in. It's, is a time consuming in the end of the day, is where, where I think that, if I have a choice, just dive just, I don't think they do a sucking job that that's, I don't think so. I think is, you know, pushing a little bit harder to definitely need to do. But between, you know, advertising a new product, new new product, own introduction, my instinct is to do new product, focus on new products, and that really move the needles.

Speaker  373440:00
Honestly. Do you agree? Yeah, I totally agree with you, although, like in our in our category, we know there are much many more shoppers than we're attracting, right? So we still need to focus on our our existing product lines, and getting deeper into that, into more customers. So that's why I've been resisting adding new products. I'm like, No, we have more work to do with our existing products, like we have more sales that we can get. But I think, I think that thinking is all good, but we need new, fresh product to continue lifting the whole company. So I do think more often we need to develop more products, more often than we are

Speaker  384138:40
one, just one. One comment, do you do have a lot? I was thinking, you have a lot of subscribers?

Speaker  386320:00
Yeah, we do. We do, yeah, yeah. So we have to keep that window. So we have to make sure those stay in stock, right? That's our word. And then yeah, so that we, that's about 20% of our Amazon business, I think, is subscription, yeah, yeah. And but our subscription base, though, hasn't been growing as aggressively as it has been in the past. And so we haven't, truthfully, like, dug into it to see, like, where we can improve. There's always ways to improve the business. You just gotta focus on it for a minute.

Speaker  394469:20
Yeah. Yeah. Do you? How do you, I mean, I know honest is in your in your space, right?

Speaker  396747:44
Yep, yep, yep, direct competitor, yeah, there's always gonna be competitors, right? So, I mean, we love competition, but they don't compete in our in our delivery system, but they compete in our space. So. And we can, we compete with them on a lot of levels, but, and there had, they have a lot of money. Let's face it, I'll never be able to beat them at advertising game.

Speaker  403168:00
Yeah, they were actually years ago. I was a consultant that I was in their office. They have a beautiful building in Santa Monica, the most, most expensive real estate, right? They said they were in they were not in beauty. Back then, they were in diapers. Or that it cost them like, extremely they have a formula. How much it cost them to gain a customer on time and one day they have a cost in the diaper. You just subscription for a year or two years or three years, all that they have that number. I want to say it's a pretty high number, yeah, dollars. That's why they are spending. They know, once they get it, they will, for me is, and my new product is a lot of time is I have ideas. I'm a crafter on my own. So I see ideas. We are introducing kits. Which is, yeah, kit, yeah, kit. So which is, you know, we have the tutorial pattern videos, and we package it together. We'll give it to you. Can say, oh, I want to need a cow, a scarf. This is what you need. Get it and, you know, we got you through. So can you

Speaker  425045:20
put, can you, can you put your link in here again, because I went from my phone to my computer and it didn't translate over. Well, it's funny. You say kits. We made a bunch of kits also, and they're not selling, so we're not sure what our deal is. But I was actually looking for kits for Christmas presents if we're going to do if we're going to do this thing, and I didn't like the ones I found because they weren't useful. They were just like characters. I'm like, Well, my kids are too old for that, but I love the idea of it, because if you're just starting out, right,

Speaker  432912:00
yeah, we are doing. Let me show you what is not we're launching. We're not there yet. But I want to show you as a customer, be good. I want to show you what we developed is on on our we have to build, this is what we developed. So we have to build a portal for them to scan it. There's a whole, if you click access code, there's a video, there's a pattern that there's here. So right now we have eight. This is a knit. Depends on that. There's a dish cloth. This is got scarf, the market bag. This is a two the one, and this is what they call cow. It's around your neck. It's like a one piece. You can put it on. Yeah. Oh, fun, yeah. That could be for beginner. Could be this could be cloth for you.

Speaker  448410:40
Yeah, I want to show you this clutch that my daughter made. I don't know where she got it, but it was so beautiful when she was done with it.

Speaker  452832:00
Are you finding something to share

Speaker  453536:00
now you say you want to show me? No, I don't. I don't

Speaker  454277:20
have a photo of it, but I will

Speaker  455461:20
send it to you. You know, that's interesting. Bags, just any type of handbag is very popular. That's why we developed the market bag. You know, I show you them. Yeah, I have not in this office upstairs, a market bag, you know, like, you know, you go to supermarket or food at the farmers market. I'm, I want to do more on the handbags, just different type of bags,

Speaker  463738:39
yeah, I mean, because, like, when she made it, I'm like, wow, that's really, that's really cool.

Speaker  465328:00
It's very trendy right now. Is popular. It's on Tiktok. Let me see if I

Speaker  466592:00
can send it to myself, so I can send it to you, because it's, I was kind of shocked at how great it was, like, just out of

Speaker  468256:00
nowhere, you know what? I mean, she's a beginner. Your daughter is a beginner.

Speaker  469359:59
Yeah, she's a beginner. Uh huh.

Speaker  470165:20
Oopsie, wrong. One wrong. Jennifer, hold on, shit.

Speaker  471429:20
I want to Shan, i You're the one with the tights, right?

Speaker  472629:20
Yeah, I'm not sure she's here. Let me see, I think Shan is

Speaker  473589:20
just you and me and Shan,

Speaker  474085:20
yeah, oh yeah, yep, I'm the one with the tights.

Speaker  475066:40
Yeah, I was good. I was wondering. I wanted to go look at your tights too, so we can talk about your business also, while I'm loading this picture, so I can show to Casey. You know, I was wondering, Casey, too. I haven't spent any time on your site, so this is all just not maybe relevant at all. I don't. So is there? Is there a rise in sort of Gen Z crafting? If so, like, what are they looking for? Right? Are looking for cute little things to make this easy, like clutches and like their market bag? Like, I don't know what. I don't know who your customer is.

Speaker  484864:00
Amazon, the customer is older, 45 is grandma type. But we have a baby yarn. So a lot of baby blankets, you know, they making for babies Gen Z, the whole industry, yeah, the Gen Z, the younger crafter, they're into clutches, like, you know, Emmy groomies And those stuffed animals using and, yeah, yeah, you know, you know, hair piece, all that is cute stuff. And the, what's that called handbag accessories, you know, yeah, those type of things,

Speaker  494794:40
yeah, yeah. Let me stop sharing your screen. Let me share mine. I want to share it with you.

Speaker  495834:40
Okay, oh, sorry, I'm sharing. Okay, that's okay. Now it's gotta share mine.

Speaker  497104:00
Here it is, can you see my screen? So here's her little clutch.

Speaker  498687:59
Okay, maybe you can help me with this, but this is final product. Whoopsie, great. Maybe you can help me with this. But this is, it definitely is super wonky, like

Speaker  501648:00
she made it in an afternoon. I think she obviously got

Speaker  502373:20
super wonky, but like, honestly, not bad for my first try. Not I wish I did more sequence. But like, honestly, not bad for my first try. I wish I, like, hear more sequins, so that was on the side clutch.

Speaker  507269:20
So like, that she made, I don't know where she got the pattern, but then she carries it out with her when she goes out at night. Like, wow, I want one. You know what I mean? So, like, I don't know, like, in like, there's always the big question of, like, how we getting into younger customers, and what are we up to? And again, I don't know who your customer is, but like, if they're, if these young gals just, she's in her 20s, they're making these cute little things that are easy, it could be interesting customer base. So she's an Amazon shopper too. She's on a ground.

Speaker  515328:00
We we are. The plan is. The plan is, when we introducing the eight products, those are already done, develop the shipments coming in. The plan is we're going to do another one this year. So we want to, you know, I'm optimistic, but I also am cautiously optimistic, right? Once we introduce those kids, we collect, we're going to have access to more data, and and see, we're going to learn something from the first eight products. So then we say, we're going to do more. I'm definitely going to do more. Just what is it I do not the item I don't can be the clutch. Can be more. You know, this cloth, this class, normally is the first thing for knitter to do this cloth, because a lot of people into, you know, using that whole thing with their face is, like, that's a very popular item. And then we, we go from there is, honestly, kiss is the way to go now, because the yarn is a very commoditized item. We also yarn is developed more. Yarn is a lot more costly than kids at this time because it's textile. The color you know, that is, there's just that many colors, you know, there's many styles, you know, yarn is just FY, the grade of the classes classification is which from zero to seven. That's all okay. Seven the thickest the clutch your daughter use, probably the seven. That's really thick. And then, you know, then you can do eight you know is there's a limitation. Develop a new yarn, but kids is different. We can do many things.

Speaker  546863:59
Yeah, you can. Well, hey, Angie, nice to see you.

Speaker  548799:59
Hey Jennifer, Hey, Casey. How's it going? We're

Speaker  550077:19
just talking about end of year and challenges, and how's it going for you? Challenging.

Speaker  552653:19
Tell me what you're doing.

Speaker  553261:20
Just, yeah, taking it easy, actually, just focusing more on, like, health stuff, since I have the time, and which is a good break, I think, before the holiday season. So that's kind of what I'm doing, and just focusing on taking care of my son. And nothing really in the works yet, but hopefully next year I'll be able to, like, pick. Is a focus and just, you know, just keep moving.

Speaker  561360:00
Didn't you just get certified? You just got certified in something, right?

Speaker  562352:00
Yeah, I got certified in Eos, great, which was pretty cool because some of the things I was already doing and our business, but then when I saw it being executed in the same framework, it just just, you didn't really have a name for it, and so this, this EOS structure, was really great and like, like, packaging it all together. I think I was telling someone else just the other day, but when I was doing the training. It was interesting because there were not a lot of, like, solopreneurs or, like our types of businesses. They were more like well established, like 100 plus, and like these businesses sent their like, managers or C suite teams to be certified in this and, like, bring it back to the company. And it was interesting, because I know who's the guy, Gina Wickman, so he actually created the book. And this process, like, like as something opposite to EO. I forgot the guy's name, Vern.

Speaker  581589:20
So, yeah, Vern scaling up.

Speaker  582517:20
Yeah, correct. So he wanted to have something for like smaller organizations, because I know someone who goes rights for Vern, and they also know Gino, and I thought it was just really funny, because he wanted it to be like for businesses like ours, and then larger businesses are sending their employees to get trained in it. But it's, it's really great. It's, it's a good system.

Speaker  589962:40
So yeah, so will you pursue that next year? Then

Speaker  590762:40
I definitely will be. I've been reaching out to a few people, and people have been reaching out to me, to to to like, like, find out what it's about. And like, you know, if they're doing things in their business currently that overlaps with that. So it's been encouraging to see, I think the approach I'll be taking to help businesses with that will be more like, it's it can be a one size fits all, if you adapt it, you know, successfully in your business the way that you want it. So like L times have, like this structure that you work with right where, like, you know, you have a little bit of time to talk about, like client wins and things like that. And some, some businesses might not feel like that's for them, or that's pertinent to what their culture is, or whatever the case, so you could, kind of like adapt it to fit your style and your management style and your operations as you want it for your business. So I think that's the cool thing. And also having the Amazon background that I have, it'll be a lot you know better to serve businesses that you know, do the same thing that I did,

Speaker  609247:59
and EOS. For EOS to sort of be mostly effective, how big does your team have

Speaker  610528:00
to be? I'm sorry I didn't hear that, Jennifer, but to effectively deploy EOS

Speaker  611648:00
in your business? How many? What's the optimum number of people?

Speaker  612640:00
So honestly, I've worked like and I've, like, mentored businesses where they had no employees. And I think the biggest friend that I kind of like mentored she had like, 40 something employees. So I think any any business that has like, gosh, like, maybe, maybe 30 or less employees is really a good sweet spot for Eos,

Speaker  622106:40
30 to 40 or three to four. No

Speaker  622762:40
like 30 and below, or like 20 and below, like 31 like zero to 30 is a good sweet spot for for businesses that want to use EOS. The problem you're going to run into if you're like, a solopreneur, a mompreneur, a business that has like, no employees, is that you can't really do the right people, right seats. You can't really do the KPIs. You can't really do like the employee focused part of Eos integration, but you can set yourself up for what you should be looking for. And like any any company that has like 20 plus employees when you're on an L 10 meeting, which which you need participation from your employees, and you need to go over KPIs, it's just going to be too many people. And so I think below 20, that's like the right spot for for businesses to, like, really get the most out of Eos. All right? Any more than nobody is going to have enough time to talk or talk about whether things are on track or not, and you're going to have like, sub meetings from these larger meetings, so, like any any more than that, that that's when you get into, like, burns territory and EO territory, and you have like, really massive organizations and things like that. But, yeah, it's good. I love it. I really like the structure. And you know, like you can have an integrator come in and do some of the things. You can have, like fractional CEOs come in and do that. But if you also have, like, a reliable ops manager or someone who can operate on that level, they can also execute once like the format is there. So there's so many different ways that you can incorporate it in your business.

Speaker  654346:40
Well, I look forward to watching your progress and let us know how we can support you

Speaker  655338:40
in your journey. I appreciate that. Thanks.

Speaker  656106:40
So what's what happened to the business, Amazon, business, you are you still operating and branching out to be a consultant?

Speaker  658831:59
I it's, it's no more. So I'm looking to kind of focus on the area that I'm more skilled at, which is operations. So I kind of moved on from that business. So, yeah, that's, that's basically the new,

Speaker  663253:19
the new, what would you I just talked to Jennifer about my challenges. That's, I want to run by you, if I'm you know how you can help me? You know, I'm only full time employee of the company. And I have, you know, a small team in three people in Pakistan, couple people, three or four in the US, they're all part time. Okay, yeah, so I'm gung ho about growing, but I'm just extended from little things to photography to, you know, big pictures. Where do I grow? And you know what we do with the brand? Well, what's your suggestion for for for brands, like for business like me,

Speaker  678981:19
I think Casey, some people think that growth means adding more employees, and it doesn't necessarily have to be that way, you know. So I think obviously we want to grow in revenue. So that's going to be your, your primary focus, right? But you can do that by yourself. You could do that with two or three employees. You could do that with like 50 employees. So I think since you already have a small team, the first thing that I would advise, like, based on this kind of Eos operation structure, is if you have like three, two to three solid, reliable people on your team, so they're basically called the leadership team. I would start, like, investing in those three individuals that you have, because they're going to be the people that go out and do the hard work for you. So like, let's say you don't want to hire a design person. You know what? Someone from a leadership team could go out and, you know, find ad hoc design people for you, or manage that process for you, right? So on our team, we had our accountant as part of that leadership team, our HR as part of the leadership team, and the product developer, right? And so they become like the other legs of the table that help you execute on the vision that you want for the company and the things that you want. So you don't need to, like, talk to every single person. You could just start with those three people and start giving them more responsibility and making them feel that they're, you know, they're part of the company. And when you grow, they grow and kind of building that loyalty and and you could think about like keeping them, keeping everyone else, like on contracts hiring agencies, you know, not having too many people on your payroll, But having like these two to three or four really close individuals that you kind of just give information to, and you say, Hey, I'm looking, you know, we're really failing in the design. Like, what are you? What is your opinion? And then they give you feedback, and you brainstorm, and then you come up to like, you come to a conclusion, and you're like, Okay, we're gonna focus on hiring someone from Upwork. And then you assign that project to one of the people on your leadership team, and they go out and they do it for you. And then you just have, like, these are the touch points of your business that you have weekly meetings with. And then you come in, and then you just, you know, follow up with them, like, Hey, how was that? I. Um, were you able to, like, get someone and hire them from Upwork? So, like, you don't, you don't need a big army. You just need like, three or four generals that would really, like, execute for you. And that's like, if I'm talking and you're in your mind, you're like, having, oh, you're like, seeing the employees in your mind, like, oh, this person is really great. Like, they've proven themselves. Like, that's, that's the kind of person that you would want to kind of, like, kind of cultivate with you to be there long term.

Speaker  727973:20
Does that make sense? It makes great sense.

Speaker  728805:20
Yeah. So, like, you don't need to expand by adding more people. You just find who you have on your team that are really great key players already, and then start giving them a little bit more responsibility, start building in like small bonuses or rewards for them, and then they're going to go and execute for you. And they might have even better ideas than than we sometimes do, you know? So I had a friend of mine, she she downsized her company from like 40 people to First she moved them to contract, and then she kind of downsized them to 20. And that's, that's her core, like employee group that she has right now. And out of those, like the HR, the product developer and the designer are her leadership team. So she's the one that she has regular meetings with them, and they go out and they work on her behalf. They're the ones that are modeling the company culture. They're the ones that are, you know, acting like a mini you, and going out and, like, disseminating the same information into the company. So then every, every employee starts to act and and follow along with, with their model and example. So that's, that's what I would say, use what, use the team that you have, and cultivate that team and pick out some really key A players and make them into your leadership team, and then figure out how to expand through them.

Speaker  755536:00
Thank you. Andy, yeah.

Speaker  756080:00
Hey, Shann, how can we help you to we have a few minutes left. I know you're back there somewhere. What are your challenges right now, besides inventory, or is inventory your biggest challenge?

Speaker  759541:20
Oh, thanks Jennifer for asking. I think that. So I'm actually on the accelerator program. Eugene put me on. I'm the first cohort, so I technically have 500,000 in revenue, amazing. And I'm the first cohort that they're my job in the next year is to get to a million, and then know that they have succeeded in the accelerator. So my biggest thing is really just get to a million. I have about 100 products right now on Amazon here. I'll try to launch 100 all by myself, I guess, and I want to diversify. So I am currently, like, 95% Amazon, and I would love to be, you know, shine or Tiktok or Shopify. So, yeah, I guess my main thing is, really, you know, diversify. So it's not just Amazon launch products other than clothing, because clothing is a fickle category. And yeah, and figure out how to reduce my time. Since I'm doing everything, I can't spend hours per day on inventory.

Speaker  777797:19
Right, right? So what's

Speaker  778533:20
your what's your launch like? What's your product development process look like? Process look like? How like? How are you launching out of your category into things that make more sense?

Speaker  781098:39
I have this theory. Tell me if I'm wrong. I try to launch outside of my category. I once, once launched pillows. I'm convinced that the 8020 rule only exists for your niche. They Amazon will put you in a niche, which is clothing. And then if you launch something in clothing, 20% of that will succeed. But if you launch something outside of clothing, they will not succeed unless you are the 20% of the 20% so that that's my theory, is that if I want to launch something like a pillow, it better be top 4% otherwise it's not going to succeed.

Speaker  791957:20
Can you put your link in there again, too? Like I said, when I went from my phone to the computer, I lost the links. I want to take a look at your stuff too. How can we support you and your growth? My friend?

Speaker  794997:19
Oh, um, you know, I'm, I guess just really, I love hearing your guys' stories about how you find products and launch them. I launched very conservatively, because I bootstrap the business. Hi, Angie. Um, so I will, like, buy 30 pieces of a tight. And if it doesn't sell, then I won't buy more. But that takes a lot of time. It moves very slowly. Whereas I hear people in MDS are they're like, Oh yeah, first month I was doing like, 200k I'm like, what? How did you do that? So I love to figure out how people are scaling so quickly, because it takes me a year to get to anything even like profitable.

Speaker  806949:20
Yeah, you know, I want to, I want to caution you when, because we all hear stories of people that had killed it out the gate, that is such a rare moment. I think that Angie and Casey could also speak to that those are rare unicorns. Mostly we're all, you know, slowly getting to whatever the right number is. But I'm wondering too, like there is the sounds like maybe you do the spaghetti approach, you like launch a bunch, and you hope it works, kind of a thing, versus metrics behind your launch process, how much time you spend on Healy and Tim and 10 and like the new product, whatever that's called on Amazon, looking at niches that like, so, like, so, let's say stocks missing your core stockings right here. It's like, it's the it's the ring around it. Where do you go next? Is pillows the next obvious thing, or what's closer to your tights? Like, what's your what do you like? I'm trying to get your process.

Speaker  819872:00
Yeah, that's a good point. So after I lost so much money on the pillows, I realized I can't do that anymore, so I just try to go adjacent to tights. So I sold belts, and that actually did pretty well, yeah, which socks? But if I go too adjacent, too far away, then I start failing again.

Speaker  824917:20
Yeah, there's a that's the lesson learned. I'm glad you learned that, because I also only go adjacent. I don't go outside the circle. Because I'm trying to build my, like, keep my my brand tight and just like, slowly add adjacent categories, because you get wind in your sails from that right versus pillows. So now that you know that, how are you doing your research to get that adjacent product?

Speaker  830826:40
Um, well, Ian and Eugene and everyone told me to basically, don't do it until I'm at least 5 million in clothing. So they're like, oh, you should just focus on what you're good at. So I haven't really done it much this year, but if I was to do it, I'd be doing a mix of Helium 10 and using PickFu, which is just looking for keywords and then creating ideas and then checking if they work using pick

Speaker  838149:20
food. What's your What are you good at?

Speaker  839157:20
I guess, clothing.

Speaker  839733:20
No, I actually, I seriously, are you good at clothing? Or do the guys just say that?

Speaker  841109:19
Well, I think that, um, I think I'm good at clothing because it's it worked. And I I do all the photo shoots myself. So all the products I have look super American, and they look don't look Chinese, like if you look at my website, yeah, the pictures look like someone did it in America, right? So I think that, I think I was just good at, like, making it look American, but and eventually, when I got enough tights to succeed, and was always like, Okay, well now every time you launch tights, we'll just make it work. So I think it's really just kind of the momentum wave, but I really can do I go into China Kat on fair next year, try to figure out how to get other products.

Speaker  854821:20
Well, I'm asking, actually, you know, pretty serious question about what you think you're good at. I'm on your site and I see, I see three things that are all sold out, dresses. Is that right?

Speaker  857685:19
Oh, that was terrible. It did so badly.

Speaker  858757:20
Where's the other clothing? Do you mean tights and socks type?

Speaker  859594:40
Yeah, mostly it's the tights that do. Well,

Speaker  860266:40
you're right. Okay, so my bubble bath, far and away sells above everything else, so we spend a lot of energy on that, right? So close. Do you don't consider socks clothes or tights clothing? Do you? I'm sorry, do you consider your tights clothing? Yes. Oh, okay, I've got confused. I thought it was your dresses that. So that's so tights is really where you make your money, right? Yeah, yeah. Cool. Okay, go. Sorry. I the words confused me, because I think of clothing as dresses. So that's where you earn your money. And so, like, I'm really, I'm just really interested, in fact, you and I can have a separate conversation about that. Conversation about the A I love, I love young businesses, and I wish somebody had helped me along the line a long ago when I was not sure where I was going either. Because I love what you're up to. Like your homepage is really bright and happy, and I get what you're doing and like a honing and mangy Angie, maybe you can weigh on this too, like honing your development process. So my mastery is product development. That's what I'm very good at, right? So I just instinctively know how to do it. So I've been doing a really long time. I also have learned along the way not to go far outside my core, because that's where you just lose money. So have you documented your new process to. Help you stay within your within your lines. Do you know what I mean? Yeah.

Speaker  881472:00
I mean, I, I did an article with Business Insider talking about how I did basically that approach of just buying 30 see what works. I would test it on Etsy, and then whatever did well on Etsy had launched on Amazon. I can't do that anymore because I got banned on Etsy. So why they said that I'm not creative product? Oh, but I mean, like so many sellers and Etsy aren't creative products, right? Weird. So I couldn't get unbanned for some reason. But I still use the same process, which is just, I'll launch like 20 products, and then, and then, always, always, six of them will succeed. It's always 20% it's like magic.

Speaker  893690:40
And then, then do, then do you start the process all over again? How often are you cycling through this process?

Speaker  895370:39
Like three or four times a year? Okay? So sort of manageable, right? Yeah, for one person.

Speaker  897440:00
God bless you. It's hard in the beginning, isn't it?

Speaker  898384:00
It is, but I'm getting close, close now. Thank thankful. AI's made a lot easier. Yeah, as I can just, you know, I don't even have to Photoshop anything, so I love nano banana Kat.

Speaker  902533:20
Isn't that great? Isn't it, like, all the tools we have available now we just didn't even have three years ago?

Speaker  903845:20
Yeah, exactly. And that's why I feel like I have to get to million this year, because this is, like the golden time. This is like the 2017 where everyone seemed to start on Amazon that year. Yeah.

Speaker  907658:39
So can I say something? First of all, Angie, I would like to get your contact. Would you text your contact from here? I want to say about Shan, I think when your market just a couple of things, I know we're short on time. I'm gonna be quick. So when time doing well is sometimes is also suggestion the demand is there, and not only on your part, your what your effort is great, but if a demand not there, you're not you're not going to be successful, regardless of how pretty your your stuff are. Yeah. So, so So when the demands there, I think you need to dive in a little bit more on, you know, sq, what's that called, search engine, search curry, performance, to really understand the need. What on the ties, what else, what people looking for, what styles. That's one angle to go about it. And the other part is, think about your customers. Who are they? They? Are they the only tie they want? Do they add? Do they want other ties? You know, for personally, I like polka dots. I will buy anything in polka dots. So you have think about for your customer, right? That's one thing. And also, I think getting 1 million is a great idea. You have to focus on one place. It sounds like a lot. You're very capable a little bit everywhere, but you need to focus on one place. Get to 1 million, go from there. That's, you know, that's, that's what I would do. We all, you know, that's what I would do. Angie, I don't do WhatsApp. Let me share my email address. Share it with me.

Speaker  936741:20
Casey, you got to get on WhatsApp. It is. We're all getting there. We're all going there. Oh no,

Speaker  938533:20
I did it wrong. Hold on, let me This is good,

Speaker  940218:40
even though it was a short call, like the days kind of got messed up with our call. So I'm sorry that there weren't more people here. But sometimes, though, just having an intimate group like us, it's I just, I like getting to know you all and hearing deeply about what's going on. So sometimes this actually works out much better. So I really appreciate you all coming here and Shan, I can't wait to see you grow because you're on your way.

Speaker  946272:00
Thanks so much, Jennifer, yeah, and I'd love to chat with you further,

Speaker  947584:00
yeah, so grab me on. Well, I can give you my I'll put it in here too, probably my little thingy here, I'll do both Jennifer anytime. I love talking product it's what I love to do best Jennifer,

Speaker  952389:20
product development is my strength as well. I'm, you know, is, that's how I made it on Amazon. It's a product development and, you know, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  955674:40
Yep, yep, yep. So I hope that everybody has a really lovely holiday, that we end up the year better than we all ever expected, with lots of money in the bank and Happy New Year.

Speaker  958090:40
Everybody. Merry Christmas.

Speaker  958794:40
Everyone. Hi, everyone. Thank you very much.
