Fabio Gullo
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1312:00
Fauci, so optimizing your listing through AP testing. My name is Fabio, Italian, father of two. I'm flying from Rome straight from the airport, so I'm completely jet LED. I worked in tech until 2024 until I decided I wanted to go to Amazon full time. I worked at Google in the online sales team, and I ran more than 800 AB tests, which is the topic of this presentation. So what is an AB test? An AB test is an experiment where you test two variations of the same assets. It could be the main image, it could be pricing, could be title, because you want to see what variation performs best. Now, people get confused, and they mix up like concepts. And AB test is a is an experiment where the variations are shown to to your customers at the same time, so the population of your customers is split into two groups. One group sees variation A, one group sees variation B in the same time frame. This one is not an AB test, even though people call it AB test. So some people test variation a for a week, then they switch to variation B, then they go back to variation A, then they go back to variation B. This is a pre post. So the issue with this second version of testing is that is influenced by external factors. So imagine that in week two, your competitor launches a best deal campaign, then you're gonna get, like, worst performance in week two, not because of your of the asset you're testing, but because of external factors, so it's very important that the two variations are run at the same time. Second thing is like, what can you AB test within Amazon? Amazon call them experiments. So you you can find in your Seller Central something called Manage experiments. You can test all the assets in your listing. You need to be mindful of what you're testing. So if you're testing main image and title, you are going to affect your CTR, your click to rate, so like whatever happens with you before people land into your product page. If you test images or bullet point Description A plus brand story. Obviously you're gonna influence your conversion rate. This is important when you evaluate results. Now there are several tools to run AB tests. I'm not gonna I have a favorite, but I'm not gonna tell you which one it is. I'm just gonna tell you, like, what's available. So the first one is Amazon experiments. The good thing about Amazon experiments is that, first of all, it's free, and then the discussion we are having before the test runs against your real buyers. So like the people that are being tested are your real buyers. The con of Amazon experiments is that it's a bit time consuming. So Amazon doesn't show you any results for the first two weeks, and I'll tell you later why. So it's kind of slow. I use this one to validate any results from other tools, and also, like, if I have, like, two winning variations and I need to decide which one is best I use Amazon experiments. This is like, by far the most accurate tool. The second one is third party websites like Intel led cell metrics. Like the good thing is that you can get results in a day. The bad thing is that I can tell you I ran like 50 tests. They are not accurate. These tools are not accurate. They will tell you that some variation is winning. But people that use these tools, they don't know your product, they don't care about buying your products. They all they care is getting their reward for answering the survey. So whatever you get from these tools, you need to validate with Amazon, because, again, I can tell you, like 90% of the times, whatever wins on seller metrics or in televi will not win on Amazon experiments. So be careful with it. The last one is PPC based testing. I think this you can do it manually or using Django ace. So you create TOS PPC campaigns, and you test different variations. Now the beauty of this is that it runs on Amazon, so it's your real customers. But the problem is that it's not an AB test, so this is a pre post. So the issue with this PPC based testing is that they rotate through variations sequentially, so whatever you get might be influenced by external factors. Now, how many results can you have for an AB test? I think everybody would say two, either A, the variation a wins, or the variation B wins. This is wrong. 80% of the tests are inconclusive. So. So this is something that people struggle to understand. When you run a test, it's very possible that the variation that the change you're testing is irrelevant to the customers, meaning they don't care. Imagine that you test two main images, but your pricing sucks. Doesn't matter what image you test. Buyers are going to buy your competitor product. So I'll let you know how to check if you are in this scenario. But with my experience at Google, 80% of AB tests they fall into this third category, and if you fall in that category, either you need to change your the assets you're testing, because it means they are not different enough, or you need to wait longer. It means you haven't reached statistical significance. Yet. More on that later. What is statistical significance? I'm not going to bore you with formulas, because it's it's pretty complex. You know, we don't need to go into p value and all the formulas, but intuitively, statistical significance measures the likelihood that the difference you see between the two variation is not due to randomness. I give you a practical example. If, oh, if you take a coin and you toss it 10 times, you're not going to get five heads and five tails. The reason is that there's a random factor, so it's important to get statistical significance, and this is affected by the sample size. So how many people see your test, how long you run your test, and how different the two variations are performing. I added a link if you want to test your statistical significance manually, but Amazon does it for you. So this is an example of results in the Amazon experiment page. So that number that you see there's a 60% probability. This tells you if you are reaching statistical significance, if you have something less than 85% wait. It means that the test needs to run long for longer, and if you see that the number goes up, up and down, and you know, after a few weeks, you still are below 85 stop the test. It means that your two assets are too similar, they don't make any difference in the buyer behavior. Conversion. This is, I don't know why Amazon does

Speaker  114432:00
that is a

Speaker  114655:59
proxy for city click through rate and conversion rate bundled together. Obviously you want a higher conversion, but that's not the conversion rate you're used to is like conversion from impressions to purchases and sales from Search is a proxy for a click through rate. So depending on what you're testing, you might want to look at specific things. So last thing do's and don'ts. So do have a test calendar, so I have a lineup of tests I'm always testing. I line up like for the next two, three months. I know what to test second, always wait for statistical significance. Don't make assumptions. You see a week where a performs better and you think that's the final result you need to get to statistical significance. Don't make the wrong decisions. Three, make sure that assets you test are significantly different. Four, never run AB tests, multiple AB tests in parallel, even though Amazon allows you to do that, because that's gonna skew the results, and it's gonna basically makes make the process much longer and confusing. And finally, don't run AB test during Christmas or big events, because whatever results you're gonna get are not representative of like of the real results. That's it. Sure which one is your favorite? Well, no, no, it's Amazon experiments like, and I know people like hate that. They say I don't like Amazon experiments because a friend of mine ran like I heard this against fire. A friend of mine ran the test with a and b variation with the same image, and it turned out that a won even even though it was the same I was thinking, yeah, that's my test. Yeah, and that's exactly working at this. What I just told you is randomness. It means that AA is performing better than B, but it's not statistically significant. You just need to wait longer, and you would see that in a long enough test, they would perform equally. So it's that people are impatient. That's why you.
