Albert Haddad
Date: April 21, 2025

Speaker  1296:00
Music. So my topic is basically because I have six minutes to talk like, how to get into Walmart in six minutes, seriously, retail, six minutes to get into Walmart. So the first things first is, dominate Amazon. I can't stress enough how much Walmart is watching Amazon. It's become more and more of a regular practice for them to go on Amazon. They call it the bookstore. They won't even say the word Amazon. They go on the bookstore and they want, they want to see how product is performing. So, you know, I just stress to absolutely dominate Amazon as much as possible. You know, show great growth. Best Seller badges, repeat customer rate, strong keyword rankings be visible. I remember having one specific Walmart meeting where the buyer was like, Oh, I went on Amazon and you have the top placement when you when you show up the sponsored brands placement, but like, they don't know what we know. And in order to get that placement for certain keywords, certain categories, it's not that hard. So placement, you know, called top of funnel marketing. That's the best form of top of funnel marketing you're gonna get. And just a very important note, also, Walmart's gonna expect you to be selling on walmart.com as a third party marketplace seller before trying to attempt to sell Walmart, I'd strongly suggest to be a marketplace seller, because they will tell you become a marketplace seller before putting you in stores.

Speaker  26517:20
So getting the meeting

Speaker  27274:40
again. If you're not@walmart.com get on it. Meetings are hard to get. Connections are everything. It's why I strongly suggest, if you know finding buyers isn't your strong suit. There's a ton of retail brokers based in benville, which are benville, Arkansas, which is where Walmart is based. Out of find a local a local broker. There's a bunch of them. Some are better than others. I recommend speaking to a few and just seeing who you mesh best with and who pitches you the best vision. I will say something about the people in benville. They're very truthful. So I don't think anybody's going to sell you a you don't get sold a vision that doesn't come to fruition too often. They're very practical people. And then I if your product is made in the USA, leverage the open coal program. Our company, all our brands, are made in the USA. So three years ago, we went and pitched three brands on the same day, all within an hour and a half of each other. So they're very they're very receptive to the to the main USA program. If you have a brand that's performing well on Amazon, odds are you're going to be invited once you apply, which you do through arrange me. So the sales pitch, and I think this is like, you know, getting the meeting is not easy, but the sales pitch is where you make it happen. Walmart's not looking to replace product that's currently on their shelf. They're looking to add to what's on their shelf. They're looking to add incremental dollars. So if you're not adding value, then you're, then it's, it's not gonna work. You need to identify how you're gonna add those increment, incremental dollars. A big way of doing that is adding the white space. So White space is a product or a category that they're not necessarily 100% in, or you're taking a variation of what they do and putting a twist on it and doing something that nobody else is doing. So be different. What does your brand stand for? They are obviously very focused on packaging. I think that all of us as Amazon sellers know that there's a certain way to package product for Amazon, but there's a whole different way to package product for brick and mortar retail. And depending on the category you're in, you want to be able to educate the customer as much as possible. Because, you know, for one example, like I'm in the hot tub chemical space, if your chemicals can be kind of complicated, and if you're not explaining to the customer in the most simple and easiest terms of how to use the product they're going to they're going to be deterred from buying. So what we did was create packaging that totally lights up the shelf in a very boring category, in a category where nobody knows how to use anything. So you know going to a meeting and having your Walmart buyer tell you that your packaging really stands out, and you're you're telling the customers something that nobody else is stands out. They care about this stuff so and it makes a really big difference on your sales performance in store once you get in. I, you know, I Walmart has a lot of terms, so I like to throw in. Their sayings, into what they're doing, so into my my pitch. So like, mention everyday low price. It's just the things that they want to hear, speak their lingo, learn it beforehand. And also, like, if you're going to mention everyday low price, like, ensure that the quality is still there. You know you're there. They're getting the same quality, if not better, as what's on Amazon at a better value, price matching, we can have another conversation about, but not for now showcase customer reviews. So like on my sales pitch decks, like, I'm gonna have a product that's on Amazon, maybe in a different size variation, and I'm putting reviews from Amazon, on the page, I'm showing the buyer real value of what customers are seeing in my product. So something really cool that we did, you know, physical obviously, you're going to bring your product line to your meeting, and you're going to physically present. So another, we're in the chemical space, also for boat cleaning products. So I created this boat panel that I got all dirty with salt water. So I got this boat panel, got it all dirty, brought it to the meeting, showed the buyer how to use the product. He was absolutely wowed, not just by how well the product used, but how great it smells in a category that smells like absolute vinegar across all products. Show your product. Show the benefits, if possible. Product demos are always beneficial. Merchandising and retail readiness. Try not to differentiate from what's on Amazon a little bit. So size variations, bundling, kitting, whatever it is to offer a unique offering to Walmart is very important, and create specific UPCS. So to try your best to avoid price matching, if it's a category that has special packaging or displays, you're going to want to mock up what those displays are going to look like. Show your market and sales data. They want to see sales. They want to see they want to see what you're converting on. They want to see best seller badges, repeat customer information, your market basket analysis, the geographic performance. Subscribe and Save account. Look into Nielsen data. It's something that they also take very seriously at Walmart.

Speaker  116784:00
And then.

Speaker  117344:00
So like, just for, from a pricing perspective, there's certain things that they look for, rather than other retailers look for. You know, you could read my presentation after and get the KPIs and pricing that they're that they're looking for, and retail is not easy to crack. I know this is specific to Walmart, but a lot of this can be used to sell to retail in general. I think as Amazon sellers, it's always important to diversify and not just be solely dependent on Amazon. Open to any questions, sorry, we get order from Walmart. Initial order anything like, oh, I mean, every category, it depends. But I think you know, going back to the metrics that Walmart uses, right? A big one for them is units per store per week. So you have to calculate how many units per store per week are you going to sell, and then multiply that times what times, basically, like how much profit or how much are you going to sell per the store per week, multiply that times the amount of weeks, and you kind of get to a certain range of what you're going to be now, there's like a floor set, and then there's a which you just ship a really big order, and then you're replenishing on a weekly basis. Do

Speaker  136549:19
you know, what are the hot like in general? What are the Hot Categories on Walmart right now? They're like, supplements and pet products. So,

Speaker  138309:19
I mean, I can't speak to every category. I mean, I do know, like, if you mentioned supplements, so I could speak to supplements, owning one supplement brand, and that's the brand that I didn't get into Walmart. It's a very crowded space, and the units per store per week are so low and they I've heard through the great find that a lot of suppliers do get chargebacks and allowances because they're not selling up the PAR, and it almost deterred me from maybe getting into that category in Walmart. So every category has got its own thing. You really need to find a way to stand out on the shelf and not, you know, if you're some brands are able to stand down on the shelf. Some brands it's harder. So it really depends on what the competition is. But every category can really be different. You.
