Etienne Ameil
Date: April 22, 2025

Speaker  1424:00
My topic for today is expanding to retail learning update who was there last year at this kid trip. So it's an update of the learnings I shared last year with many more learning points that would like to show today, why going to retail, if you're winning on Amazon today with the products you have, it means you have the best in class mix, because you have probably a great product quality at a great price point, and that's not the case of many brands that are in retail. So when you go to a retailer with the mix you have right now, you're super sexy to them. Actually having your products in stores is also bringing you a much better ROI for all your marketing efforts outside of Amazon, because then you will be where people shop. Remember that still, 70 to 80% of the market is offline. Yes, we focus on online and on the biggest marketplace, Amazon, but people still buy stuff in shops. Also the pure marketplace, or D to C model, is becoming challenging in terms of acquisition costs that we all know, and if at the end of the at the end of the cycle you want to sell your business those companies that are only channel and that have a leg on retail, they trade for between 1215, to 25x versus the multiples we know on Amazon businesses. So it has nothing compares to just a pure Amazon business, and you have access also to strategic buyers, not just the ones that focus on Amazon businesses. So quick survey, who is already selling his products in stores, in retail, okay, too, and who's considering it for the future. When

Speaker  30938:39
you say, stores, I'm selling directly to the store and they resell it, or

Speaker  32624:00
people can find your product in a real shop. Okay, who's considering it for the for the future? Okay, great. I hope that at the end of this presentation, more will consider because I strongly believe in that. I'll skip that where to play, how to win, basically, basically, the way to enter retail comes mostly with trade shows. This is a very traditional industry still, whatever vertical you are, is it is it cosmetics? Is it premium beds, whatever, buyers still make their decisions based on if they saw you in trade shows, and then the conversation that starts with that. But those trade shows, they take a long time to to why is it important? Like, what? Because the when they don't see you at the trade shows, it's like you don't exist. Most, yeah, that's the way they think, whatever their category they're in, and so you just need to adapt to that, right? And I saw that because I've done like six trade shows as an exhibitor now, and I've so I've seen the perception changing in the eyes of the buyers. I'm going to explain why. But a trade show, it's like 345, days. But it's not just those five days where you're showing your products in this whole The preparation is, is probably 40% of the total results you're gonna get during the fair. It's 20% and then the follow up is 40% so a basic rule of thumb is 40, 2040, remember that because those 20 I was first really focusing on what I'm doing during the fair, but not enough work before, and not enough work later. So preparation is everything. By failing to prepare, you're actually preparing to fail, right? You know that sentence. So first, which show should you attend? Which show should you exhibit? Really depends on, on what are your objectives. It can be vanity metrics. Like, Oh, I was at the CES Las Vegas. It's usually to please your mother, but are you really doing business there, right? Or do you want to just create awareness to your products? You want to have reorders from clients you already have, or get product feedback from some new launches. Maybe have direct sales, find independent stores, or find big retailers, big chains or distributors in different countries, agents, etc, etc. Then the big difference between trade shows is the B to B ones, where you will have only professional buyers, and the B to C ones, where you get the normal consumers coming and buying your products and how to make your choice. Basically, the easiest, easiest way is to benchmark all your competitors. I'm not just talking about the competitors on Amazon. I'm talking about all the brands that exist in your category, and look what they're doing. And if they're doing that for many years, it's probably for a reason, and you should do the same. So it's super easy to do because they all advertise on it. They all talk about. It on LinkedIn, they all have a page on their website saying, Oh, you can see us at this trade show, this trade show, this trade show, this is your shortlist to check. And then my biggest advice for today, maybe, is go there as a visitor. But like next week, take your backpack with a few samples in your backpack, and spend one day there and check everything, take millions of pictures to break up your mind. Is it a right trade show for you to attend as an exhibitor next year or in six months from now or not? And you'll make up your mind very, very fast. Last week, I was in Dusseldorf for a trade show about corporate gifts like this is a perfect corporate gift, right? But I saw, like, child fake tattoos as corporate gifts. It's not as mainstream as this, but it's still, there's a business. It's not just water bottles and and things that most people will can use, right? So I was there for the full day with my backpack, taking millions of pictures, talking to all the brands I could getting the feedback. Okay, are you happy with the show? Are you happy with where you're located? How do you follow up with with prospects, etc, etc? And you learn a lot. And I had a few follow up calls already with a few brands that helped me, and then I helped them on Amazon or other other topics. And I signed already, and I chose my I chose where I'll be. Cool, cool, cool. Also, not to forget, become friends with the show organizers, because if they like you, you get a lot of benefits that you can't really measure. But placement, especially is it's not super scientific, so you want to have the best placements and save document everything. Save it on your on your drive the current floor plans, etc, etc. And that little device I just discovered, you save a lot of time walking by and and not carrying anything on your back by just having your samples and the few catalogs you'll gather with with this thing in China, I even saw fancier suitcases where people sit on and it's electric, it's for the very lazy buyers. But on the first day I was, I was laughing at them. On the third day I was, I was desperately trying to see if I can buy one. So I'm gonna walk you very quickly of my experience between show one, two years and half ago and show six, that was that is attending happening two weeks from now in Frankfurt. This is the first show I was attending in the past. So you see, it's like Ikea furniture. It looks so it looks decent, but it's not super, super professional. But that was my, my my first experience. And you see the floor map. The entrance is on the bottom, and I was located at the far left corner next to the bathroom. I missed many opportunities just because I had a shitty placement. I couldn't really challenge that as a newcomer, but now I I improved a lot of that. Second Edition was much better. I was almost close to the entrance, so I had much more traffic, and the booth was looking a bit better. And this is edition three and four, and you see that it gets more professionalized, right? The one on the on the right, for example, that was in Germany last year. And it looks, yeah, it looks, it looks decent. And the buyers, they they make up their opinion on your brand, just on how you look, right? It's, it's your listing, but in real life, so and so I shown a lot of things that are fake, and it's okay, because, I mean this okay. It's great. You do a lot of things in half of it does not exist. It's just a mock up. It's but that's, this is what people do. Yeah, yeah, fake, yeah. Show six. So in two weeks from now, I'll be in Frankfurt again, and this is my booth. It's almost the same as last year, but you see, it's, I don't, I don't bother with a lot of lifestyle picture. People want to see products, and so this big shelf here, I could use half of this shelf. I don't need that big shelf. So I double the products. I show the products naked, and I show the products in their packaging. So it looks like twice, twice, big assortment. And people say, Oh, and you have very good packaging. And packaging is actually one of my strengths, because it's now really retail ready. So I do, I show that a lot. We won the Red Dot design award last year on that product. So we, we, we make that big, right, so people can't miss that. We want the Red Dot design award. And it's also a status thing, where it's credibility. So this brand looks, looks good for my stores. And then I show the range, etc. I also show how it can look in a in a carton display, as you see on the right, and you see those two podiums so they are touching where people walk, and that's the goal is to create like a small crowd. It's never 20 people, but it's always two, three people that are checking the product and standing where people are supposed to to. Walk. So it creates attraction. Oh, what's going on on that booth? So people don't, don't enter much into the big shelf, etc. They stay in the way. And that, that's my goal, is that it creates a little mess, and that creates other, other interesting prospects. So the key success factors to that is the format of your booth, right positioning. Of course you need to. You need to study the floor plan, study the streams. Where do people come from? This is the entrance on the right. Where are you located? Is it a logical way where people will pass in front of you, or is it the last option that they'll consider if they have time, if they're not tired? Right? So I always prefer booth at a corner, so have two walls, so you can be seen from two directions, and at least for my products and my podiums, that fits well. So I can demo that. We always mock up the shelf on figma. You can do that on Canva, whatever. Never make a decision on this merchandising on the spot. This is things we planned months in advance to make sure that this really gonna look great. And also think about it, think from how it's gonna look from far. So my team is doing like 3d views from very far. Do we see the logo? Enough? Our brand is called umami, but you see the logo became umami bento box or umami lunch where here? Because I want people to understand that I'm doing lunch where stuff lunch box and now water bottles, right? So I just switched my logo, who cares, so that my message is well understood. And umami bento box, actually, I was some buyers were looking at on the website, on the website of the show, oh, I want to check the bento box brands. And because I had this in my title, I was, I was popping up a number one brand, and they all plan to to come visit this.

Speaker  190442:39
Plans. Plan the desk, the chair, the storage space that will also forget. And then plan how you're going to do it. Are you going to pay a booth maker to do it for you? If you have a budget, that's cool. Are you doing the DIY like I did for the first sessions, or I had, I have a third option that I'll show you. Demo podium, super important. And the most important that you forget when for the first edition, but not for the second, is the light, because those those places are quite dark, and you need a lot of lights on your product to attract people if it's if it's too dark, people one stop. Another option between a DIY and a proper booth maker is these cardboard stands that look actually great, and they cost a fraction of the price I just discovered this. It's a Polish company that I discovered in psi two weeks ago that that booth on the right costs less than 1000 bucks to produce, and you can reuse it, and it's foldable, and the setup is like less than an hour. It's amazing. No, it looks good, so you especially it conveys, like eco friendly values. You can have this in brown cardboard. You can also have this in in in painted, in printed cardboard that looks a bit different based on on your brand identity. Another thing key in your preparation is the logistic because logistic really can kill you during that event if you didn't, if you didn't choose the right hotel, it's too far away. You spend one hour commuting. You don't want that. So what I do is I book my hotels one year in advance, and I book more rooms than I need, just in case I have an extra freelancer or friend coming to help, etc, cancelable, but at least I save the I save the space. I also prefer hotels than Airbnbs. Now, because Airbnb, those host, they can cancel you if they understand that it's a fair in town, and then they want to double the price, and you're fucked. Save time on transportation. You don't want your energy will be your bottleneck during that event. So you want to be fresh and rested and full setup prior to set up at least two person for the full day, and then plan about what you're going to do with your stock, with your samples that you want to give. Where do you stir your stuff? So we usually rent a minivan just acting as our stock, or a mobile warehouse, and it's on the parking and if we need 10 more samples, then someone from the team goes to the parking lot and be back in 10 minutes and avoid the DHL nightmares on the last on the day prior. Plan this in advance. It's you don't want to you don't want to bother with that. There's a few material pieces that you want to prepare before the show. Of course, the branding. How are you going to look people? You want people to understand that you work for the brand, and the brand, and the rest of the team works for the brand. So we have aprons like I shown you, like here, we have green aprons with a logo in big so they understand very clearly that we're we're from the team. You need basic, basic stuff, coffee machine, a fridge to keep your sandwich good, to keep beers fresh until the end, because you're. Need, like on each day people have a drink with the neighbors, with some prospect that stays. So you want booze on your on your booth, and then sales material, the Excel price lists. You need that to be ready before the show, because people are going to ask, send me the price list. You want to send the price list on the same day, not one week later, and the price list should include the price list for the you should have different versions for the retailer, so direct, or for a distributor, with a with a margin calculation I'm going to show afterwards. And then some people will ask, Okay, what's your fob? Prices? FOB, Europe, FOB, China, FOB, us, etc, business cards, leaflets like this example on the right. This is an A five format, so people don't want to carry too much, too much weight, but just a sheet of paper, f4 folded, then they're okay. Everyone takes this and they still have the full presentation of the range. Now we have like QR codes, linking to two videos, demoing the products and and when they come back to their office, they have a pile of catalogs. And you're in that you're not just another brand that they that they met, but you physically have something on their desk that they want to take action from. And include the the keywords in the in the show website, SEO, if your if your if your main category is bento box, make sure that you rank for that exactly like we do on Amazon. Not anymore on the first edition. I was saying, Yeah, look, we have 20,000 reviews on Amazon. And some retailers were scared because they're still very old style, and they consider amazon as the biggest competitor. That is true. That's their biggest competitors, and in my category, they're losing ton of sales because they don't have the right offer. Now what I am telling them say I'm the best seller on Amazon and I'm giving you the same product at the same price, so you can fight back and win back those consumers that left your store. And this selling point is working quite well. So price lists. Have this already? Excel sheets, not too heavy, ready, templated in a email to be sent,

Speaker  275504:00
still just like the rough breakdown from like your price to what you sell to wholesale or distributor.

Speaker  276944:00
So can you read that? So my MSRP, for example, is 30 bucks wholesale to an independent shop, is 15, so coefficient two, and then the key accounts, I sell it to 13.5 key accounts is like a chain. And then the distributor will get it at 10.7 some of them, yeah. So it still needs to work, but I actually make more profit now with this channel than on Amazon, with the rising costs everywhere, it

Speaker  285258:40
makes sense. I mean, on Amazon, the model is like one to four, right? So this is a one to three, if you set it to the key account, then with 10 and the MSRP is 30,

Speaker  287962:40
right. So yeah, in terms of ROI. Do we know your ROI on Amazon versus retail?

Speaker  289824:00
No, and that. So the ROI of a project like this, it's never immediate. On Amazon, you can launch one batch and calculate this very like you've shown on this. It takes six months, 12 months, to get the real full return. You get a return immediate. But then I'm just talking about the selling price, like, what you're selling it for to retailers versus Amazon. Well, you can do that. I'm it's not one of my strengths. And I cannot, I cannot answer 50 to 60%

Speaker  298133:20
discount. So if you sell to 50 Euro, my case, I sell to retailers

Speaker  300026:40
to 50 euros. Okay, sorry if

Speaker  300794:40
you take that Euro, that is an example like his landed cost should be like 10 euros of

Speaker  301962:40
the price. Yeah, I can tell you about my The first product, my best seller that sold at 30 retail price. I sell it to distributors at 10.7 and my landed costs, it's between five and six. So I sell it at 10 and my cost, so it's 40% margin, gross margin.

Speaker  306528:00
How do you control the pricings, and how do you enforce not to

Speaker  309504:00
screw your sales? So you're very I'm very strong with that. Say we are super precise on Amazon, not to be, not to do anything funny on the price, so never do that. Otherwise we'll stop doing business with you. Yeah, either up or down. And they're happy that they're happy to see that you're maintaining your price on Amazon. Because most brands that are on retail, they have many middlemen that do crazy thing, and usually the price is slashed on Amazon, and then they complain. Say, Hey, you told me to sell this bed at 250 in stores, but I see that at 150 on Amazon because it's always on sales, or you have a wholesaler that is, I don't know, doing shit. So he said, No, no, I'm the only seller on that brand. This is our brand. And we're respecting that we have a very strong price policy, and you should also respect that it's enough margin for everyone, not crazy margin, but it's enough, it's decent. And it's a volume game. That's always my tell it's not a value game, because the value game is killing you. You always try to increase the unit margin, and then you're selling nothing, because everyone is shopping on Amazon. So this is a volume game I'm offering you. It's not for everyone. If it's not for you, I understand goodbye and that, that that sentence is actually quite working quite well. Then you need still in the preparation. You need to build your team. It's not necessarily the team you have 30 minutes in and you're on a first point, yeah. Like,

Speaker  330405:20
are getting to the retail like, what were the results? Not just, you know, I'm getting, I'm

Speaker  332394:40
getting that build, build your team. It's not necessarily the team you have at the office. I usually take a model with us on the booth, just to attract it's stupid. It's very old school to say that, but it still works. A good looking woman attracts more people, and then they are not afraid that, okay, this, she's gonna sell me stuff and arrest me. No, they understand that she's not just here for the presentation. And then I'm always behind and then jumping on the on the prospect. And this, I need to give credit to Brian, Brian Williams about that preparation sleep, because you're gonna, you're gonna lose a lot of life points during those days. And also anticipate that during the show, you're not running your Amazon business. During the show, you're at the show so brief the team, so that you're fully dedicated to that you're not multitasking.

Speaker  345157:20
One thing I would like to point out that what you have here is like you have also clothing that stands out, like you stand out from the rest of the where just a student like this way would be, yeah,

Speaker  348458:40
member, or just somebody be coherent

Speaker  349066:40
with your with your branding. I'll pass on the on the budget. We can keep that for the discussion, create traffic. So now we are sending emails to all our prospect base. Okay, you're you're ready, right? You're invited and because we have plenty of tickets to give away, and it's a way to invite people to the booth and and book meetings already with a with a commonly link. How to target relevant distributors if you, if you don't have a database of distributors already, well, Google your competitors name and distributor list and find it on their website, they usually advertise, okay, we in this country, you should contact this distributor, etc, etc. And then also look at all similar brands that are at these distributors, and check with which companies they're working in other countries. Copy paste that. We import all of this on clickup. And then we then we have our B to B marketing strategy that also check on LinkedIn. They are all the connections of those guys, the export managers of those brands, because they're all connected with the distributors, the buyers, and you just add them and add a nice sentence

Speaker  367994:40
as a contact. How

Speaker  368576:00
to find their business emails. Once you know the company name, you don't know who to contact, right? I just put polo, polo, nor your company Franco, and in one second, I found your email and your partner email and all the team's email. The tool is free. It's called apollo.io apollo.io here it's amazing. 95 99% success rate during the show. You need to train the team and retrain your team. It's not just about the product. Of course, knowing to know how to present the product, the USPS and how to demo the product is super important. But also how to log each prospect details and what are the follow up actions afterwards? What's the FAQ? What is, are the common questions that they ask, and how to answer them nicely? What's the stock availability on all the products, especially the fake product that you're that you're showing not to deceive anyone, and then and kind of an escalation pass if they see the buyer of Walmart, and it's the model who's dealing with the buyer of Walmart, she should know, Etienne, please come. She should, she should know exactly how to act. So when a big, a big whale is on the booth, that there's always someone senior from the team that can really handle that right? What to show? Show everything you have, everything you had, everything you will have, everything you can have. Show everything. It doesn't matter the fake it until you make it right. If you have normal Amazon packaging that are not great for retail, fake the packaging. Do the mock up. Do do like a proper retail packaging, just to impress them, because they're gonna they're gonna make up their mind in a few seconds. Is this product gonna be well in my store or in my chain, or in my country or so? If your packaging is too Amazon ish fake it. Do another one, right? Show product snakes. Show power products with packaging and. Have a few units of your best seller to give away to potential big buyers that will ask for that, and then it costs less than shipping afterwards. And then for your best seller, especially, they will ask, what's your difference between you and that big brand? Oh, you know what? We have a little game. We have seven differences between us and our biggest competitor, if you find them in less than one minute, this is, this is the gift I for you. And people like to play. So you play, they pick the five, seven, the seven differences game, and they love it. And you left, you leave them with a card with your strengths, enlightened versus the competitor. Again, logistic can kill you. So plan about each item on your booth before where it should go and after the show where it should go as well to you to your office, to the warehouse, to the booth maker or whatever, and get rid of anything you can on the last day and make some sales. And advertise the sales to your neighbors, because people will like to buy your products for a discount. So it's a nice way also to get rid of that qualified leads. So that's the first screenshot. Is the number of leads I had one year ago, and on the right it's the number of leads I have right now. So you see 80 chains, 250 independent stores, 400 distributors. So my main focus is to focus on distributors. And I just in one by country, right? Or maybe twice two if I have different sales channel, but I don't need more. So I need to know the whole markets, and I'm putting everything on pickup and harassing them to get a deal. I already signed seven of them. There's different profiles of visitors, so the chain head you want to, you want to get your brand listed. It's going to take a long time, but you need to initiate the conversation as soon as you can, to maybe in one year or two years from now, be in their stores. The chain stores get direct orders independent as well. The distributors is to potentially choose the best one for you and be listed there. So compare them, and it's important to go to with the right one online platforms is to go with brand listings. Other brands super important to make your networks with other brands and learn from them, because they probably have more experience than you in retail, and you're gonna fast track your your learning curve by doing that. And there's two, two categories of people that are useless for you at that time, is rich providers and others, like your mom, your friends, be polite, but don't. Don't spend more than five minutes with them. You're here to to really target shops and distributors and retailers, right? Qualified Leads. So we have now on clickup. We have a form where the team on their mobile, they scan the business card and then they say, Okay, this is the sale potential role of that people. This is the key actions the team should take afterwards. And it's all linked to clickup. And then on the next day, we know exactly okay. This is how many catalogs we need to send. This is how many calls we many calls we need to organize, et cetera, and learn everything from, especially if it's the first time you do a trade show. Write somewhere all your learnings like, oh, we should have a stapler. Write it on clickup. Don't tell that to me. Write it on clickup. And then I have, like, last time I had 50 learnings of having a better stupid things like having a stapler, or bigger things like, Okay, send, send that email on the same day, instead of three days later, right? So train your team to also write all the learnings on your system so that you don't forget about it, and six months later, you can apply all the learnings this I can pass next day follow up. This works were very well where i i sense, and this is, this is a an advice from, from, okay, so sorry for the sound. So 3030, seconds video that I shot on the on the day that say, Hey, it was great to meet you. Let's follow up with a call, right? And if they think it's personalized, it's not, I never mentioned there, you can use AI to be a bit more fancy. But even without, they really like it. And they book calls afterwards, and I do that on YouTube and Google, Google Docs, so that it arrives directly in their mailbox, not in the spam folder.

Speaker  470869:20
That's copyright Brian Williams.

Speaker  471893:20
Set up your mini CRM, either you have a very fancy one, like hubstar, HubSpot, Salesforce, or I do it on clickup, and it's fine for now, but have a proper CRM to follow up with those guys, because, again, 40% of your ROI will come from the follow up. Avoid the scams this we can pass and plan for the next edition already so build on your relationships with the show organizer. Never complain, always, always say it was great and people loved us, and people would like to see a bigger booth, and people would like to see us in front line, etc. And book your hotels, and then the night. The next step that is probably going to be another talk, is all the discussions you have with the distributors. It takes a bit of time, so the earlier you do it, the earlier you can get your results, but send the price list organize calls, and the price list I shown you is my initial offer. Of course, everyone tries to get big better deal, but that sets the that's that's the that anchors my position, right? If you don't have this ready, and you're just opening, then they're going to ask for crazy margins, and then follow up, follow up, follow up. That's it for the trade show. Any questions? Yeah, do you align deals on Amazon with deals on

Speaker  491754:40
retail. No, don't make deals at all.

Speaker  492522:40
No, I do deals like Lightning Deals or weekly deals on Amazon, and I don't align. I also don't tell them, and they understand that, okay, it can be on deals one week from time to time.

Speaker  496880:00
What's your like revenue on Amazon versus

Speaker  498192:00
so? So a year ago, it was 100% Amazon zero. The rest now it's 20% retail, and my plan is that retail will be 40 to 50%

Speaker  500768:00
in one year. So do you think that retail is going to be bigger than Amazon

Speaker  501733:20
eventually, yes, more profitable, and it's more profitable, yeah, and it's less work,

Speaker  503845:20
because once you set up or a distributor that just goes on,

Speaker  504773:20
yeah, and then they place the big orders, a few 1000 here and there, and then you don't hear from them. And for them,

Speaker  506629:20
unique stocks ready in

Speaker  508074:40
US or in Europe. Some depends, like the distributor I have in Dubai, they're placing an order right now for May, for China, and they will probably do a full container super for me, the cache wise, it's amazing. Even if I give them 30 or 60 days, it's still better cash cycle than bringing the goods to the US or Europe and then selling it away. Yeah, this

Speaker  514272:00
was my question with the payment terms. You have a payment term from FOB, where you ship the product from China? Yeah. Okay, yeah.

Speaker  516512:00
And if you have for the buyers, for that, want to buy from China. If you have

Speaker  517573:20
stock available in Europe, what are your payment terms? And how do you deal with this? So

Speaker  518677:20
I my my general and I'm very cheap on that. Let's say I don't give too much conditions. It's 30 days net and 1.5% cash. And for the for the first two orders, I always require cash payments. You never know who you deal with if they never pay. Then your script. You could tell how your product is paying. Us on shops. You have merchandisers. I don't have merchandisers, but now we show the we show the that we can do this, this display and like the piece on the in black, and I show also all the POS materials, like the standing Kat monos or little things that we can provide to help. Did you train your E commerce team on retail, or did you go out and hire people? I trained them. Yeah. How many the listing Did you add? How many, what the listing delisting from a chain? They both, again, a chain, zero, independent stores, yes, really depends on their region. But chains No, and last week, a chain that have five skews just increase it to 10. So it's identify proportions in terms of geographies. Where do you in terms of geographies, where do you prioritize? Amazon? Gives you a big sense, right? The size on Amazon is quite correlated with the market size overall. But like Dubai, Amazon Dubai is zero, whereas the market for my products in Dubai and the region is huge. I met them last year in in Frankfurt, and then we signed. Two months later, they place Trial orders, and next order was going to be a full container. Just target for most international What's your

Speaker  548559:59
balance of distributors versus selling? Correct?

Speaker  549487:59
It's 90% distributors, because that's my strategy, because then it's they act like my sales force, my sales team, right? I could also have like sales people trying to do the same job internally, but that's not the choice I made. Would you recommend that that's what we focus on distributed if you if you have enough margins to afford a distributor taking 25, 30% margin, yes, you can scale faster. That's the

Speaker  555594:39
case. Isn't there, like, an easier way than going to the trade shows to find the distributors?

Speaker  556618:40
Yeah. So visiting, if you want to, if you want to start fast, go with a backpack with the samples, and then meet with all those distributors, organize meetings and events. Say, Hey, this is my brand, or don't have a distributor on your. Country, yet I think it's a great fit. And blah, blah, blah, and start the conversation. How would you contact them? You under Contact, oh, you go on the you go on the exhibition website, and you look at all the big booth that look with many brands that don't look like the same company, and those are usually distributors. And you find the names, use Apollo and then contact it's usually you contact the business owner. It's usually the CEO that makes the decision on of listing your brands. It's not the sales people. Apollo.io, this, this tool to get the emails and phone contacts,

Speaker  569989:20
okay, but is the something that you can do beforehand, I mean,

Speaker  571274:40
but to check the list, who are the owners? But like, if it's a distributor, like, just checking from the list, it's hard to tell if it's a distributor. Look

Speaker  573834:40
at the booth and they are to be there, right? No, but don't be because usually on the on the product, on the company page, they will say, Oh, we have this brand, or we have brand, A, B, C, D, E, and let's say, OK, are there in house brands, or are there distributing and then organize the meeting in advance. Those guys, they're happy to have meetings organized in advance because it's also ROI for them. Oh, this guy, it's a new brand. Let's see. We'll spend 10 minutes. And thank you. Applause.
