Hack Contest_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey, let's just start. I'm gonna start bringing on members that present that prepared something on stage. I think Damon demon right. Join us. Hit it.

Speaker  5344:00
We got all right, I got five minutes. I promise you, it's not going to take that long. Good morning, everyone. My name is Damon. Many of you may have seen my presentation yesterday on AI and Tiktok, but for those of you who didn't get the chance to see it, I'm a new member. I joined about six weeks ago, but I'm not new to the space. I've been selling on Amazon since 2015 and on Tiktok shop since 2023 so in keeping with the theme, my hack today is all about using Tiktok as a discovery engine, not for entertaining content, but for competitive content, for super niche content, for non compliant content and AI content, and it's really simple. The way the Tick Tock algorithm works is it draws associations using the time spent on on the video, and that's it. And so the way you turn Tiktok into a content discovery engine for your business is super simple. One, you create a brand new profile. You have to start with a fresh profile that has not yet been trained by your behavior. Two is that you look for a piece of content that's super relevant for whatever it is you're searching for, whether it's a competitor. I use it to discover super niche AI video content or an ingredient, or whatever topic you're interested in. Three is you either click on a relevant video that you sent yourself from another profile, or you search for a word. But I like the video route because a lot of the video and content you'll be discovering is not actually tagged, and so number three is you stay on the most relevant video for as long as possible, oftentimes to the very end. If it's relevant, if it's irrelevant, you swipe as quickly as possible, because what you're doing here is you're correlating your behavior. I'm on screen with the content that's hyper relevant for you, and that's it. You rinse and repeat, you just go through as many videos as possible, and honestly, within six to eight minutes, you're going to have a profile which is hyper tuned to the the content that you're interested in and and that's it. And the content you'll discover doesn't have tags or descriptions. It's purely based on your behavior and the Tiktok discovery algorithms. I hope it helps.

Speaker  45050:40
All right, that's number one. Number two, Wade.

Speaker  46746:40
Hi. My name is Wade. I'm been a member since 2023 won the chapter leads for the Pacific Northwest chapter that's Vancouver in Seattle today, I thought we'd do something a little bit different. This is not a tactical hack. This is strategic hack. How many guys have heard of game theory? Great. I love you. How many actually use game theory in your day to day dealings? Not many. So I used to be a strategy consultant with McKinsey and Company for about half a decade. So one things I love about strategy is it's actually a lot more simple in real life, and you can apply principles to I know it's not that simple of a slide, but you can use the principles quite straightforward in life. So have you heard of Prisoner's Dilemma? That's the most basic concept in game theory. Just a quick overview. Basically, you have two people. The original problem was, you know, you have two prisoners. They both got caught by the cops. You know, they both robbed the bank or something like that. And you know, they have a choice, either turn on the other person or both stay silent. If you both stay silent, then you actually get off with only one year in jail. If you both confess, you know, pretty if you ever get stopped by the border, yeah, they'll always tell you your friend already confessed. They're lying. They tell you both of that, both of you that. But if you both confess, you both get five years. But if you confess and your friend remain silent, they get only one year, and you get eight years if the other way around. So the entire point is, you get a better outcome if you both stay silent or cooperate. The more modern version is, you know, because obviously no one wants to go to jail, and no one here would do anything to, you know, go to jail with the with with the border police, but is, if you both cooperate, you get more money. If one of you cooperates, then the other person gets a little bit of money, but the other person gets a lot. Or if you both, you know, betray each other, none of you gets any money, right? But how do you deal with this in real life? This in real life? So in the 80s, I believe, they did this study. Basically, they gave, they went around the world and asked the top mathematicians, the top strategists, to come up with these algorithms, to play this game theory, just, you know, over and over and over. And ultimately, they, you know, they saw a lot of complicated algorithms, but they. Found out that actually the most successful one was a form of something we call tit for tat, which is basically very simple. You start off and you're both cooperating. If the other player cooperates, because you get to see what the other person does each turn, then you also keep cooperating, and you win. If the other person defects, then you will also defect, and if they continue to defect, you also defect. So tit for tat, basically you match, but if the other person you but here's the that's the original one, and then also you have this concept called forgiveness, which is, you know, if they've defected once, then you wait a turn and you actually cooperate. You give them a chance to come back. So that was the original strategy. The modified version, which is the more optimal one, is actually because there's a lot of noise in real life, for example, right? You send an email to someone, they don't respond. Is it because they're really ignoring you? Do? They just go on vacation, they go into spam. So because of the noise with the modified version, you actually say, I'll actually forgive twice, right? So, you know, if they defect once, then you'll do you'll forgive once, and then that actually becomes a more optimal version. So what does that mean? Well, you can apply this to a lot of things you do, partnerships, you know, reaching out to new vendors, you know, in vendor negotiations. And it really comes down to these four principles, which is, one, be generous, or start with generosity. Don't start off being the asshole, right? Don't hold grudges. Learn to forgive, right? Because important here thing here is, you know, people make mistakes, or you know, it's a crazy world out there. So if you forgive and you're willing to go back, cooperate, even if other people have defected before then you actually get a more optimal outcome. But here's really important, don't be don't be a pushover. You have to fight back. If other people continue to be aggressive, then you have to be able to push back as well. You probably anyone who's been in leadership, you know, right? You can't let B players just get away with stuff. Most importantly, don't focus on small minded goals, right? Focus on long term behavior. Focus on long term optimization. So you're looking to win the game, not just individual matches. So this is a way of just taking a very complex theory, game theory, that you know, people have studied for many years, and just taking some core principles and applying to your day to day, whether it's with your employees, with your partners, doesn't quite work with Amazon, maybe to some some degree, they tend to just go straight to here, one last value add. So there is a theory recently that there's a better version of this called Pavlov, which basically all it says is, whatever the strategy that didn't work, you just switch to the opposite. So if you know defect got you the bad result, just switch the other one. It can work. But the problem in real life is it makes you very inconsistent. How does someone know that I can trust you if you know you're going to change your answer or your decision every every time I see you and you just got optimized. So I wouldn't recommend that one cool that's my hack.

Speaker  127930:40
I'm the admin guy in the business. I take care of Legal Compliance. I have a foot in retail arbitrage, another foot in private label, Bill Pay, cash flow is very up my alley on what I do. Let me give you a scenario. You have a bill to pay for a your Chinese supplier, but you know it's going to come due in about 45 to 60 days. You have two options as a business owner, you have it in a brick and mortar account, or you have it in some online account. Both have their advantages, and there's no reason why you should only pick one. Here's my hack. You have no rail time, no processing time if you decide to use both. This is my obviously. Can I curse? Yeah? All right, everybody, yes. Name, right. Chase Bank. It's there's one on every street corner, every time you decide to feel a little bad about going to a Starbucks and spending $8 on a coffee, there's a chase. And to be honest, there's nothing like an in person interaction. Second ramp. Not everybody thinks of ramp as a bill pay platform. They think of it as sort of like categorizing spend among employees. I don't even know what the hell they do, but they have this specific feature. Number one, it's called an investment account, or something like that. Your money stays completely liquid. And if anybody knows the Treasury rates these days, you're getting 4% per day, and it's completely liquid. That's number one. Number two, your money is not held for a period of time so that you eventually have access to it. You instantly have access to it, unlimited. ACH transfers that actually arrives same day. International and domestic wires originate and get delivered from your ramp account same day. The hack, they actually have same day transfers from Chase. So all you need to do whenever a bill is due, haven't have a same day transfer. Are initiated from Chase to ramp, and then ramp will deliver it to the vendor in almost all cases, same day. Unlimited international wires. You want to pay your factory a deposit, maybe another two or three times, just because they needed more funding or whatever, or what have you. Your mind is not budgeting for five domestic transactions or international transactions. You see that, you see that. You see the data here. Third hack, when you have a domestic bill due, which I do plenty on a Saturday, Sunday or Monday, I just transfer the the money to the ramp account before the weekend, because by default, your net terms actually land to be on that Monday, another four days of interest that I can take on. And I'm not sure what most of you use. And I'm sorry for putting it on the bottom. I had no idea the screen looked this way. Mercury, high beam Live Oak are all high yield banks online, online, high yield banks for businesses, all of them have account minimums, transaction maximums,

Speaker  178144:00
not for MDS, mercury,

Speaker  178672:00
I don't know, but that's my that's no minimums at all.

Speaker  180112:00
Well, you have enough to get the credit card, but you can open up a Mercury count. We have a thing. Oh, again, you can

Speaker  181488:00
open up a Mercury account as much as you want, as as far as I check to the public, not to not to MDS. You had to have a certain amount in there. To have free wires. You have to have at least half a million sitting,

Speaker  184805:20
believe them, yes, one gives you it free, right? What's no minimum. No minimum. Yeah, and they get 250 bucks for every county. So if you have, if you have multiple businesses, let me yeah, this will be part of Charles attack. If you have multiple businesses, there is a link. And we, actually, I don't, maybe we get paid on, I don't know, maybe we got some money, but you get 250 bucks for every single Mercury count you open with that link. So if you want, like, you might have six or seven businesses, or eight businesses, you can just get 252 5250, and you don't have to do anything and just take that money out and go for a walk. Okay?

Speaker  192816:00
And I'm pretty sure I did this like last week, and I'm pretty sure that takes you to a hack that or an email that puts all this together for you. I'll let you know. All right. Says, Thank you,

Speaker  196672:00
Hans. Is that the way Hans or Han Hannes? Hannes, all right now, I know and Ted, if you can prepare right there for your next Ted. Where are you Ted? There you go. Thank you.

Speaker  200117:20
Hi everyone. I have a hack about product testing, so we're going with game brand into the US market, and when you do card or board games, the challenge is really you have to test it up to 100 times, because if you change a little thing, it might change the whole game. And we made the experience. We went to fairs, which was expensive. You had to prepare a lot, not the right people showing up, not the right age to test the game. And after this, we tried it with some game coffees. And also, there we we offered free pizzas, free drinks, but we had no show up, or two less people showing up, or the wrong age showing up. So we faced these problems, and we found the possibility to just put a put a job offer in Upwork and asking for people with kids aged six to 12, two kids and to play our game. So we just sent them a piece of our game, some cards, and then we tested how these rules of our game feel for the for the audience, and we got proper feedback back from from the freelancer. It was $20 we offered for this. They printed out everything by themselves, and the next day, we got very good feedback. So this was really a game changer for us to develop these games quickly and to have things done in a proper way. So even then, when we adjusted the rules, we retested with the same family again and asked, Hey, how do you like it now? And we got proper feedback. And by this, we optimized our games quite quickly. Maybe this is also a hack for you guys. If you have products that can be, that can be tested by some audience, you can really be, be specific of your demographics, who you want to test with on Upwork. Yeah, that's basically the hack. Thank you so much.

Speaker  233237:20
I have a couple questions. Who likes paying taxes? No wait, who? Who wants to save on needs to save more on taxes with the IRS. Okay, so, and I have a question also, does anyone in here? Does your company or own a current insurance company, a separate company? Does anybody? Yeah, okay, this is one right here, so you probably know how this works. So I'm going to talk about why you got. Should have captive insurance. It's called 830 1b it is regulated by the IRS. It was passed in 1986 by Congress. And it's interesting, because when I talk to a lot of people in this space, especially e com sellers and other business owners, I have to say, hey, you know, do you need more deductions? What are you doing? And they and when I explained it to them, they're like, Oh, it sounds so complex. And I just say, Look, you don't need to know how the engine works to drive the car, right? And that's what this is going to be. You guys can use chat, GBT and AI to investigate on your own. It does work if you're a foreigner, it's USA tax code, okay? And this is how I pay pretty much zero I've had some years where, you know, we're making millions of dollars in revenue, and I've paid zero taxes because of this. Okay, so basically, how the rule works is you can take 15% of your top line revenue. So if you make a million bucks, you take 150,000 you don't want to go above that, because it sets off red flags the IRS, and you move the money over to a captive insurance plan that you own your company. It's a separate company that you set up, and there's administrators that do this for you. It costs, you know? And I'll break down how it works here. So I basically this, and this example, I'll go over in a minute, but basically the rule is, for 2025, you can put up to $2.94 million in this insurance plan that you individually own. It's your money, okay? You can invest it. You can do it. Okay? You can defer it. It's just basically taking your money that you would sit in the bank, making the 4% four to five, moving it over here, but saving your 37% in accelerated income tax. Okay, that's how it works. So you're just shifting the money over to a separate business. It's an insurance company, so you're self insuring some things. Okay, so you can go if you make over 19 point 6 million, you can't do any more. So 19 point 6,000,015% is 2.94 so hopefully that math makes work. So as long as you're not making more than 9.6 million a year, you can take advantage of up to 2.9 4 million. If you make more than that, you don't want to go above the 2.9 4 million a year. Okay, so you keep premiums in your company, you control the cash, and it's better than having to send it to other outside insurers. You basically, you're self funding your own insurance for your company. Okay? It grows tax deferred. It's similar to a 401 K on steroids. Okay? It's just think of it like a 401 Kra when you put your money in a traditional IRA, you get a tax deduction, right? But there's rules around that. To borrow again state, you have to pay high interest rate. You have to pay it back in certain amount of time. You can't touch the money until you retire. Well, this is the same type of thing, but you, you, you can actually withdraw money anytime, okay, and then just pay cap gains on it. So basically, coverage can be customized for unique business risks, okay? So I basically, every year, I just go through with my ministry and say, hey, I want all the money split this way. And, you know, people do put claims in there, and you can too, like, if someone employee steals from your company, you can file a claim, right? If someone sues you and it's not covered, everything's not covered by your liability insurance. With Amazon, this has coverage to protect you, right?

Speaker  288272:00
You've ever been, can you just do a river bend? Account suspension? Is that covering

Speaker  289328:00
for what? I mean, it could? Yeah, no. It does have, like, supplier losses. It has, you know, something in supply chain. These are good

Speaker  291216:00
hackers here. Get hacked, like, Ivan, does that cover that?

Speaker  292047:59
Um, it could, yeah. Because this, these are the categories, um, business interruption, political and regular risk. So I take a percent, I take 100% say I want take 100% say I want 25% here 10 and so, yeah, it covers everything. You know, I might have to do a claim, because I bought some franchise rights to a cookie business that's like, now it's tanked, right? And they're kind of, they want, they take $75,000 loss, right? Well, I might file a claim for that and get based on my percentage, yeah, I did a, you know, investment to buy franchise. I bought franchise rights, but then they terminated because of economy. And I could, I could basically do a claim and get half of it back, or most of it back. It's not like a million dollar plan, right? If I put $400,000 in it, usually I get, if, let's have 400,000 in my fund. It usually pays about double. That is what I found. It's not like a it's, it's not a huge thing, but you're at least getting one for one, or, you know, 50% or one for one. Okay, so, so you can customize your plan. You create additional profit center, so you basically what, what happens is, you move the money over and you invest it. You can put it, it's just got to be a financial manager. So I have mine with the Trading Company, just like your guy that's doing your stocks and mutual funds, and they're making me seven to 8% I'm conservative. So there's an 8% fee. You know, when you move the money over, like 100,000 8000 goes out. That's gone, okay? That's for the people setting it up and managing it for you and making sure your IRS compliant, and then, but I'd move the money immediately to my money manager, and then he basically invests it in the market, and he's he basically recoups most of that for me. So it's almost a wash with you. Do it? Okay? So you can take cap gains distribution when you need the money, or you can borrow against it. Okay? So I'll cover an example. This is actually a real life example, and it's actually very similar to what my results, but mine's a little bit higher. I put in more than 400,000 a year. But foreign, foreign owners and entities, you just basically have to have a US selling entity, or you can create a US company where it's a US tax code. So if you're moving all your stuff to Hong Kong and paying Hong Kong income taxes probably not going to work for you, but I know Canada and other countries might have similar things. You just need to do your research. Use chat GBT. He's your friend, right? So, so that's the rule, right? If you're foreign, if you're for an owner, if you live for in a foreign country, but you have a US company, it can work, right? So here's an example. This is, you know, let's similar to my account balance, but this is a few years old. Now, I put in 600,000 a year, and so I get a $600,000 deduction off my books. That's a pretty big amount. So if my profit was 500,000 and then I take that 600,000 I'm paying zero now, okay, and I own the money. So if you So, this example is a five year comparison. Take five years making 2.13 9 million in your let's say just that's what you mean. Your Amazon business or E Comm, you made $2 million in revenue. 2.1 okay, I'm putting $400,000 a year my cash into this account before the end of the year. I can do it all at once at the end of the year, I don't have to spread it out. You want, but I do it one time a year after Christmas, when you get all our money, and then basically, I basically have to pay 8% to the company that's managing it for me, making sure I'm IRS compliant. Okay? I put a 5% interest rate. So when I've moved the money over a million, you know, if I move 400,000 over, I'm getting 320,000 right, or whatever they take the 8% they take the 8% and I'm investing that immediately, okay, for a year? Okay, I have to season it for a year because you're trying to convert, you're trying to divert your income taxes to Kat gains. Does that make sense, right? You're instead of paying 30% and pouring on my income tax, I get the write off just like an IRA. And then I'm basically taking, if I want the money in a year, I can say, hey, write me a check for 100 grand, and then I'll pay 15% cap gains on that, or 20% right, whatever it is in that texture. So, but that's a pretty big gap. Instead of paying 40% income taxes, I'm only paying 15 to 20% cap gains. So basically, I've saved a 20 I got a 20% increase in cash because I moved the money in my insurance company. I have some coverages that I can use if I need to. And then basically I'm, I have a 1.721 balance instead of 1.347 so if you didn't do this strategy and you had extra income and you just paid the IRS, you're what, three, $400,000 difference, right? So I'm keeping that money. It's my money. My company owns it. If I die, I can leave it to my heirs. Okay, it's just like an IRA, but it's got a little more flexibility. And there are fees, but you have to think it of the gap, the gap between your income taxes and your fees, and that's how it works. And I just recommend everyone does it. And if you need help setting it up, I'm happy to help you. I've got really great contacts, not trying to pitch them or anything. But the vetting process is the big thing. Make sure you find a good administrator and company that knows this stuff. But you should all be doing it, because I know you can take any of these categories and have additional insurance, and you can keep your money and take the tax write off, and that's how I pay pretty much zero taxes, making 5, $6 million a year in revenue. So there you go,

Speaker  374981:20
Tracy and Mo. Mo, how did you know that you were gonna be next? You just knew, like, it's like you're this magician that knows everything. Well, I wonder what you're gonna talk about. Mo, could it be logistics or a W, D, Tracy, come on up.

Speaker  379754:40
Hi everyone. My name is Tracy Lynn. I'm from Boston, Massachusetts, also one of the council members. So today I'm just going to

Speaker  381722:40
talk new member council.

Speaker  382794:40
Just talk about a small hack. Claw back is a very familiar term in sala bore in Amazon. It's called reimbursement reversal. That means any reimbursement Amazon issue for you previously for inventory loss or customer returns, if they find the units later, they're going to add the units back to inventory, but then take the reimbursement away. So we actually ran a reimbursement report on Amazon. If you look at it, usually this column, quantity reimburse cash means the reimbursement they take away, so it's minus one, and the quantity reimburse inventory is the units that they add back to inventory. So usually it's plus one. These two numbers should cancel out each other. However, if you filter the quantity reimbursed inventory column so you actually find blank spaces, that means that there are reimbursements that they take back, but the unit, the units actually have not been returned to your inventory. Okay, so we actually opened, we just did a test. We opened some cases for these and the results that we have got so far, about 30% of the cases, they actually acknowledge the units have not been returned. They actually give us a reimbursement back 30% of the cases they send to, like internal further investigations, the other 40% they still decline. So honestly, there's no guarantee that the confirmed reimbursements, they are not going to take back later, for some reason. But for the test that we did, our VA spent like half an hour open 1015, cases, we got like 100 $150 back. So I guess it's a pretty ROI on time. That's it.

Speaker  412874:40
Hello, everyone. So my hack is the variation X ray. Do not try to trademark it, because I already filed a trademark last night. I'm just joking. Does anyone use the variation wizard or heard of like, did you come across that one before? No, okay, there's a small hand there. I know you. I know you

Speaker  419328:00
do. Joe nachos, like, yeah.

Speaker  419952:00
Okay, so I if you ever open a case and you want to try to merge ASINs to have them variate it to create a parent asin, they gonna say, use the variation wizard. It does not work. It's glitchy. Most of us probably use flat files, yeah. But there's another good way to use the very variation wizard to by the way, it works in any Asin. That's, that's the cool thing. You can input in any asin you want, even your compiler ASINs. So there are so many ways on how about to use it. The first one would be to see your parent Asin. For example, if you expand from USA to Canada, you suddenly see a parent asin that's not yours. And then the problem is you can't do any updates, and then you would have to open a case to orphan The Shard ASINs. And then you create your own asin, the most important one, the inactive or zombie ASINs. Maybe you compete in a niche, and then suddenly you see, next day, your compiler has another 1000 reviews. The question is, how do you report that compiler, if you don't know which asin was added, because on the product detail page, you won't see anything. And yeah, and then it helps to see the variation theme. You can troubleshoot. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show some screenshots now. So basically, yeah, that's one. I want to show this here. So basically, if you see this asin, you can see here that we have 13 variations, right? Can we move to the next slide? So now the way how you do it, you click on, manage all inventory, add the variation, and then you input any asin here. It doesn't matter. It doesn't have to be your Asin. And then look here, we got about 15 variation. This is the parent. This is all the child ASINs. And if you do accounts, it's 15. So there are two extra ASINs that we don't see. Now, they could be out of stock, but they could be zombie ASINs that they're keeping for the reviews. And now you're gonna ask me, what do we do? Basically, you're gonna analyze all these ASINs, and then you're going to find out if there is any anything wrong with them. But now you can ask, How do I know if they are correct? So what you could do next? You could go to brand registry. You could file a report. You know, with the when you file a report on brand registry, you can input any Asin. They can show you all the images. Say, if it's black and you see something yellow, that's, that's like, that's a good case for you to open a case. Say, by the way, these are the ASINs. They have extra three, four ASINs. They don't match. And then that's sort of, you know, I'm not sure if Amazon will listen to you or not, but I find it very useful. And that's the direct link for the variations wizard. Hopefully you find it helpful.

Speaker  465424:00
So if you do that, let's say you're selling in the USA, and you have 20 variations, and then you try to expand to Canada and create a parent, but you only want to sell five of your variations. Can you do the zombie thing and like, create a flat file for Canada? And like, combine all the ASINs that you don't plan to sell in Canada, that you are selling the US in order to get combined reviews. So would you use the variation wizard for that, or would you just take data from your us?

Speaker  471845:19
So basically, when you expand into Canada, you need to create a new parent. Your us parent will not work. The only thing I don't know if you've seen Antonio bindi post yesterday in the MDS group. You need to have them all active. You don't have them all active, then you get hijackers, and then it's sort of mess up everything.

Speaker  477482:40
So you have to have, you can't use zombie ASINs from the US to combine them in Canada.

Speaker  478650:39
I mean, if they're your own ASINs,

Speaker  479098:40
right? Inactive, inactive, fine. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah, it's fine, yeah? Like, create an FBM offer and then like, quantity one or something to make works under percent. Yeah. Okay, thank you.

Speaker  482208:00
All right, GM, to those the GM. So a lot of us know about like the GL item type feed, product type feed, and there's a lot of good content in the group on that. One interesting thing I've found on some listings is that you'll have data augmenter internally at Amazon make edits to your listing. Once that happens, it overrides all your contributions and their contributions. You know, take seniority over yours, even if you are the brand owner, have brand registry, you're never going to be able to find this out unless you track down an actual Amazon employee. They log in through VPN and they use whatever internal tool they have. I don't know what it's called, but this is the only way that you'll find that out, right? So if you have a listing that you've tried to make changes to, you've uploaded a flat file. No matter what you do, you can't get the changes to take you've created cases, etc. I use this flow to submit a case you want to submit it through Seller Central, not brand registry, and this is the body of the text of what you would say. You know, I'm the brand owner for this. Asin, yada yada yada. Amazon has made contributions to my listing, I need you to remove them and override them. Generally, the flow will take five escalations before you get to a point where they will forward it to a senior catalog rep that can override this contribution. So yeah, if you have issues with your listing, you can't get the changes to take use this flow. Worst case, you escalated five times, and then you can normally get the changes done. That's it.

Speaker  510250:40
All right. We're now done with the prep tax. I'm gonna, no, no, yeah. I'm gonna start calling on people be done. You look wonderful today. Come on, pop, give us a hack. Come on up. You're already so close and you're already Wow.

Speaker  514144:00
A improvising here. Okay, so we all like to do a split testings. And I actually talked about it with some a other MDS members yesterday. So usually, most of the split testings we do are, I think members are doing for existing product pages. What I like to do, obviously, is also to do it for product pages I'm about to launch. And one of the things that we can do now with AI is to generate the conceptual main image before we actually developed our product. And I'm using it as a way to create my differentiated product when I'm about to launch a new product into a new niche. So now I can, for example, find a niche I want to compete with, take the best sellers, main images, upload them to chatgpt, ask it to create different types of differentiations that are actually new main images, or also give it to my graphic designers, the renderers, however you want to do it, you can also, like also use prompts, but you actually create your fine potential final main image, and then you split test it against the current Main images to see how strong is your differentiation before you actually manufacture or launch the product. Now it's very efficient. I do it because now it's very cheap and very easy to create those potential differentiations. Now let's say you did some iterations. You found the main image or differentiation that works best. You don't know exactly if you can compete with the price. So the next step is to understand how much it costs to manufacture, how much it would sell for, potentially, then you can speed test again with the price, and if it's still you're doing very well, and now you're going and you actually decided to launch the product, you'll be more likely to succeed. You can do it with big fluid in Tel Aviv. I do it with Google Form and with my audience, but it's all the same. That's it. It's like on top of my head, what I could think of, any questions,

Speaker  548816:00
pretty easy, right? Good job, gentlemen. Top of your head, Stan, you're up join us. Thank you.

Speaker  550405:20
Okay, gonna be a travel hack today. So who here have Amex Small Business Gold Card? Many of you now who has Chase Inc preferred like two thirds of Amex. Gold now who has new cards? Sapphire, by am, Chase, okay, maybe half of who has Chase and preferred so that new card is fantastic. And you know about, like business flights with AmEx, all of that we wrote a lot. Is in MDS about that, but why it is so good on top of the two old cards. So you can fly business with Amex gold, you can fly business with Chase Inc, but now you can and or you can transfer chasing points to Hyatt. That is good for hotels. But now there is a new program for a chase supplier, not a new program, but basically, you can use points, pre X, points that you made with a supplier card via Chase travel. It's on travel portal, and there is a feature point called Point boost, and basically how it works. Let's say hotel in Milan is like 500 euros a night and but basically, with Chase point boost for selected hotels, you can buy it for half a price for points. So it's only 25,000 points instead of 50,000 so you have a huge value, not just flying business for your points now, but for staying in really cool hotels around the world. And it is money, and it's not just Hyatt. So good, great value for for travel and staying in high end hotels around the world for little, little, everyone else.

Speaker  582837:20
Okay, so I've got some quick hacks on making the best of your MDS membership. Get off. You guys coming to, coming to the main event, top of the list. So congratulations for congratulations for that. Never miss, never miss a main event. If you miss a call and you go to the recording, there's actually like an AI notes, so you can just quickly have a look and work out if it's worth you going on the recording, or you might be able to pull out a couple of things if you don't have time to listen to the recording before you sign before you sign up to anything, go to the partners page on MDS and just check if they're an MDS partner, because all those 10, 20% off that you can get will really add up, because there's quite a lot, quite a lot of companies that you wouldn't expect are actually MDS partners. Like you might not have suspected that Chase is an MDS partner, for example, yeah, if you've got a problem, say, for example, with supply chain, or you've got a problem with SEO, and you really want to get mo or Alex Turu on SEO to answer it. Then if you put it in the chat, then you're guaranteed to basically get a response from somebody that really knows what they're talking about. So for some of those channels are quite good to sort of directly get a response from a big hitter and maybe a couple of other people that are really knowledgeable on that subject as well. Oh, if you meet up with a member for lunch, you can still get, you can get MBs to pay. Is that one still live 50

Speaker  605354:40
bucks tops per person? Yeah,

Speaker  606138:40
not, not, not, not used very widely. But you know, why not? Why not get you get your value after up to two times. Take a photo, take, a photo, post it as well. So some MDS members might have sent you Facebook friend requests, and they might just be sitting there sadly, and they might think it's because you don't like them. So if you just go on the Facebook group, if you go to the Members section, you can just quickly go through and you might see some friend requests sitting there, and you can reassure those people that you do actually like them and you do want to be friends on Facebook. Be friends on Facebook. So check that, but yeah, so if you're not taking part in a chapter, in a Chapter, you're kind of missing out on a lot of the value of MDS, because, you know, chapters have budgets. They spend it on a lot of fun stuff. So you know, if you're not going you're missing out. If you you're not really close to a Chapter, you know, you can form your own and get get those kind of, those kind of close personal relationships that you can get from people that live near to you, that you can see in person regularly. You can go even further, join a squad, or do what do do, what I did, which is kind of form your own, just find some people nearby you, who you think are cool, and inform our own squad that's got a similar, a similar time zone to yourself, where it's kind of easier to meet in person once a year as well. Now I've got some money saving tips. Now, I think about six months ago, we did a software Kat, but then my wife Kaylee was really out for blood and made us go back through the software. So I'm like, You're not going to find any savings. We found about $1,000 in savings. So a couple of top tips. Here we have, we now have a Google Sheet, and it has every single software, and every software has to have the name of a person in the company that is saying, this is definitely worth the money. So ideally that person shouldn't be you. Ideally it should be a member of staff. You might as a business owner. You might be a bit too, a bit too generous with what, what's worth it and what's not. If you're on the fence, you know, you can always just sign up again. And also for a lot of, for a lot of tools you might have signed up on, like a higher tier than what really necessary. And you might be able to go down, you might be able to go down a tier on a few things as well. So. Um, some softwares will also let you pause as well. And then you can just see, you know, let's see, six months without helium, 10. We'll see. We'll see if I miss it in six months time. But in the meantime, I'm not paying and I haven't had to make, like, the final decision on it as well. You can also haggle with some people, particularly if you are genuinely struggling. You can just contact people and go, Look, I've got to make cuts. You know, well, what's the what's the best you could do? And you find they might be willing to accommodate you. So if you forget to cancel a software just, just hit them up on support right. We're giving people refunds left, right and center for for no reason. Now it's our turn. It's our turn to be the pushy customer, will probably back down eventually, right? And annual software now you might get a couple of months free, but I'm not sure that it's actually worth doing annual software costs, because you think you're going to need it, but then another software you're already paying for will start offering the same service, and you're not feeling that pain every month, and you might just miss it that year. So if you are doing annual software, make sure that it's really, really worth it, and make sure that you have that date that it's coming coming up. But I would suggest probably monthly is better, because you're feeling that pain every month and you're keeping it top of mind. Thanks, guys. All right.

Speaker  661616:00
Hey, so I forgot something really important. So with the Captive Insurance, it is a medium liquid account, so I borrow against mine all the time. So instead of, you know, let's say you want to buy real estate, I closed on my property last year. I had a million bucks in that account, right? Well, I didn't want to use my cash, or I even used it to pay a supplier. I basically just send an email, fill out a form, and they have a form to fill out promissory note. I give a loan to myself, my insurance company, and you have to pay the federal standard index rate, right? It's like one, two points plus one plus one, so it's like 5% so you you basically it's liquid, right? The insurance company, I own it, I have coverage, and I borrow against it, and I even pay my whole life insurance premium with it. So every year I'll take year I'll take a withdrawal, and I'll just pay my whole life and I have that running and this running, and I can borrow against both of them equally. So just want to make sure that's important. It is a liquid account. You get the tax write off, and you can borrow against it and pay yourself back, and you keep all the interest in your account, so it's like you're getting free money. That's really important point.

Speaker  677135:59
So how much does that cost to set up?

Speaker  678309:20
8% or whatever. You put in no every year. So they're they're going to charge you 8% right? But you're saving your income tax rate. And then I just immediately start investing it, like with a trader, or I can put it in real estate or whatever. I just keep it in the account. I don't have to withdraw the money. You can just build and build and build and build. And I take all the interest that goes back in the account. You only pay cap gains when you want to take money out and keep it and not put it back in. And so it's 8% is what I pay of I'm putting $600,000 a year in right now. And then I but I make that back in a year. And then I get the third I don't pay the 30% 37% of the

Speaker  688618:40
IRS, Ted's hack. Here was he came back up on stage to include improve his chances. Christopher, are you in the room? Chris, yes, you are here coming off to say something.

Speaker  692272:00
Thank you. A little bit unprepared, but yeah, I would say one thing that could be really nice to look into. I'm not sure if it's really a hack, but about hiring, hiring a developer, I don't think many people are actually thinking so much about it, but we did a decision to hire a developer earlier this year, and because what I found out was that you have a lot of different tasks, right? You have recurring tasks, and you have project based tasks, and the recurring tasks stands for the majority of the time you're spending in the company, like if you see all of employees, so and the recurring tasks can be automated. So what we did was we just listed all our recurring tasks, which was like 160 different tasks. We sorted them by the most time consuming tasks. First, we hired a developer and said, like, Okay, start from the top and then go down. And after two days, he had automated the first task, which was like around 200 hours. So in two days, he was paying him himself, right? His salary was paid already after two days, and now I think he has a couple of months later, he has saved us like five or 600 hours per month. So, yeah, definitely look into it.

Speaker  716278:24
Cool. John, thank you. I appreciate you.

Speaker  717781:20
Okay, so I have two. The first one's not so groundbreaking, but a lot of you struggle with the Buy Box being suppressed and struggling to find where or what. Happening a lot of times. Amazon's actually wrong, and what they've done is they've sort of pinned your product against an incorrect product. So if you go into your help or request support, some of you have access, there's a blue bar, and it looks like it's an advertising bar, almost, but it's basically like premium support. And if you click that blue bar. You can tell them that you believe the product is mismatched, and nine out of 10 times, we've done it half a dozen times in the last month, and they have remapped our product to the correct product. Most of the time. It's Walmart, but they've remapped it to the correct product. And our Buy Box goes back within 24 hours or so. And so instead of having to drop your price and keep playing that game, like, Where the hell is the problem? They will remap it for you. So that's that one's useful. The second one is cooler. And I thought everyone kind of knew this. We Walmart is such low volume for us that we have decided that we use it for another hack, basically to sell more on Amazon. And so there were a bunch of hacks for strike through pricing before, but now we use it on 80% of our listing. So if you go into your FBA inventory, and you go to the preferences column and you make sure that you're viewing competitive price on the list, it'll show all of your ASINs, and you can see if there's a competitive price for the product. If there's a competitive price, that means they have pinned the product against most likely Walmart, but it can be other stores, and then it'll show you that competitive price. And essentially that means you can mark that as your list price, and you can get a slash through from there. So we went to Walmart. So 80% of our listings are matched. We have a competitive price. So we go to Walmart, we mark everything up, 234, $5 we you wait a day or so, you'll see the competitive price change to that price. You then go into Seller Central, you make your list price, that same number that you did there, and then you put your price down to what you actually want to sell it on on Amazon, and we have a slash through and a price the red line, and it stays for months and months. We've had some for years without having to actually ever sell it on Amazon for that price. And so we now use Walmart solely as a slash through maker for all of our listings,

Speaker  759573:20
Stan, come and come and try and beat

Speaker  760373:20
I've noticed not many people have American Express and chase cards, so it's pretty hard to open it for non US citizens. And last year I met a guy who helped me with that. So I already, like, I'm not from us, but basically what you need to do is to obtain ITIN number, and then he helps, like, he helps with obtaining the number as well. So I have Amex Chase Capital One like, any, any credit card. He has connections in all, in all US banks, and he helps to do that. If anybody interested in his contact details, I'm sending it to the chat right now. And yes, I mean,

Speaker  771312:00
so what happens when you don't pay the credit card? Who gets dinged? No, you still have to have you still have

Speaker  773056:00
to have money.

Speaker  773824:00
So raise your hand if you sell a product that is ineligible for returns. Great. So this is exactly for that. So there's something called an OEM Support link that you can set up in Seller Central. Basically, you can set up a support form on your own website that you can link to within Seller Central. The thing is, is it's not the it's not immediately available to customers, but what you can do is you can provide an insert within all of your product packaging that gives like one or two step directions to find this support link so that people that have complaints regarding your product can reach out to you immediately before leaving a bad review to help boost your ratings. I can provide the it's a little hard to find Seller Central. I can provide the link in Seller Central to find the setting after this. All right,

Speaker  792933:20
I guess you have the insurance thing. But there's also another option, which you can do where your company makes money. You open a trading account for your company. You self manage that account, or you can do it through a broker as well, but you invest your own money, and you control the investment. Yes, you paid, you paid the taxes on the profit that your company made, but you did not take the money personally to your name, and you're not paying on that. You're. Essentially letting that money compound within the company and within the trading account. And the banks will actually loan you money against the trading account of the company to you personally, and you can do with that amount whatever you choose to do and invest it other ways. But also you're able to create another income stream for the company, where whatever happens to your business, you still have either dividends or other growth opportunities throughout the market for that money that compounds within that account prior to you reducing that amount by taking money to your personal name and paying taxes.

Speaker  809269:19
So thank you very much. You.
