MDS Mogul Call with Northbound
Date: February 19, 2025

Speaker  6373:20
Hey, Jamie, sorry for the delay.

Speaker  8853:20
I cannot hear you.

Speaker  9797:20
I don't know in my view, there we go. Okay, how

Speaker  10373:20
about now? Yeah, sometimes the red light just starts

Speaker  11109:20
flashing on my mic and I have to and I have

Speaker  11578:40
to press it

Speaker  12682:40
to a few posts let people know. Can you do the SMS and I'll do the yes, okay, do the WhatsApp group? Do great.

Speaker  19664:00
Hey, Jamie, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear Scott, yeah. There we go. Hello. How's everybody doing?

Speaker  21024:00
Yeah, doing good, man, doing good. All right,

Speaker  22357:20
got the audio up. Let's see. Get the video going. I managed

Speaker  23093:20
to get a photo of you from the MDS summit to use for the post, because, like, the there's only like one,

Speaker  25765:20
which is like your headshot from like, 20 years. Okay,

Speaker  26901:19
you didn't, man, I

Speaker  27354:40
got talking at the MDS,

Speaker  28922:40
you know, I in my I've got a PowerPoint deck, you know, just with a few slides to go over the recent transactions. But I am using that photo from 20 years ago. So there I Yeah, that's a little bit of an inside running joke with some of my friends in the industry. So because they all say when they when I get up on stage, they think that I was maybe a different speaker.

Speaker  37600:00
I use the new photo too in the in the deck that I'm gonna show in the beginning, he doesn't look like that.

Speaker  43189:20
Yeah, who is

Speaker  43466:40
that guy? That's the guy that you know had to work in the insurance industry and put a suit and tie on every day. Yeah? So I think Jamie just a couple of questions in my mind, you know, what do you think is sort of the read of the, you know, of what people are going to be interested in hearing, and just kind of what you know, what you're thinking about, you know, as a seller, would be, you know, to hear your take what I'm

Speaker  50688:00
getting told, and I'm guessing most people are being told, is, like, don't sell, don't sell at the moment, unless you really have to. So would like to hear like, you know, if that's true. And you know, does that apply to everyone? You know, what, if someone's not in a rush, what should they be thinking about, right? How long? What sort of time horizon should they be thinking of? And then, if someone does really want to, then what would be the best way of going about it? And like, hear about transit, what sort of

Speaker  60922:40
at the moment, Yep, got it. Because

Speaker  62138:40
we've not really had a call on it, I don't think since we last had you on. So it'd be good to be good to cover it. Yeah, I guess we do have interest rates coming down a bit now there is

Speaker  65424:00
maybe yes. Well, at least, what I would say is stabilizing, Yep, yeah. Go ahead, Bill, no, I just

Speaker  66672:00
definitely getting better than it was, you know, a year or two years ago, for sure,

Speaker  67727:59
absolutely, yep. So we've got three transactions that we've done within the last 90 days that we're going to walk through. And I think that'll be good, because it'll that the reason why we wanted to do only things from the last 30 days is so or 90 days so that people can go, Okay, this wasn't a deal from four years ago. This is a deal that, you know, closed recently and and there'll be lessons and learnings from each one of them. So, so I think that'll be that'll spark some good conversation with people.

Speaker  77434:40
But then is the Kat AI note taker. Is that an MDS one? Yes. Okay, so we've got two MDS notes takers. That's fine. I'm

Speaker  79722:40
gonna kick up mine.

Speaker  81536:00
So Scott, are you going to inspire?

Speaker  82176:00
Yes, yep, both Bill and I will be there,

Speaker  83344:00
Zach as well from our team and Zach, yep. How about yourself? Will you make it over? I'm not

Speaker  84656:00
going to make inspire, but I will make Madrid. Milan, sorry. Milan, sorry. Milan, sorry, I

Speaker  86021:20
was gonna say, make sure that'd be very long.

Speaker  87269:20
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I think I'm going to make my Milan as well.

Speaker  89189:20
I tried to talk

Speaker  89733:20
Julie into coming with me because it's her birthday, but she's got something already planned, unfortunately. So, so we just myself,

Speaker  92282:40
yeah, it's good. I'm going to see that I haven't. MDS

Speaker  94666:40
is a it's good because I'm quite often getting to visit places I wouldn't, wouldn't have got to seen otherwise. So Mexico City was a good one, yeah, so that was stops that was fun to visit. Yeah,

Speaker  98272:00
that was your first time there, too, right? Bill,

Speaker  99168:00
yeah, I think that's my second while I went to Mexico by art. I think that was the year before, okay, Mexico City was interesting with the earthquake and a lot of stuff going on out there while we were there. So I know you guys

Speaker  102773:20
started offering some extra services and consulting on some other stuff. So what, what sort of percentage of your time is now spent on advising people, on partnerships, finance, supply chain, that kind of stuff, and what? What percentage of time are you just doing the regular exit still,

Speaker  107082:40
8020 80% on exits.

Speaker  108170:40
20% on, you know, joint ventures,

Speaker  109530:40
divestitures,

Speaker  110842:40
on helping people prepare more in advance for exits and maximizing their value before they go to market. And so we've been doing quite a bit of what we call value enablement work, and so that's still in that 20% but there's a lot of people that they have good companies, they're trying to get to private equity or whatever it is, and there's just gaps that they're missing, and we're helping them strategically think through how to fill in the gaps. So it might be team it might be product concentration, risk, you know, those types of things. So in essence, build them out a full data room in advance, and then they go, this is what you don't have. And then work with them to say, hey, let's get this thing shaped up. Maybe it's lack of growth, lack of pipeline, lack of profitability, so we've been doing a decent amount of that as well. Oh, great.

Speaker  125162:40
So do you let everybody in here at the top of the archive?

Speaker  129904:00
Okay, now's the peak time.

Speaker  130944:00
Oh, I see, yeah, okay, perfect. But 10 minutes,

Speaker  131456:00
10 minutes is enough time to allow for like, you know, Zoom not working properly, and audio problems or whatever. Yeah,

Speaker  133072:00
exactly. And Can I do one thing on that side, if I was going to share my screen, just

Speaker  135685:20
want to make sure that mine works up.

Speaker  139157:20
Is that's all good in a minute. Scott as well, we'll go through some, some MDS slides, just a couple, and then, and then we'll go on to,

Speaker  142250:40
then we'll go on to, onto yours.

Speaker  142762:40
Okay, great.

Speaker  143786:40
Oh, hey, Annika. Daniel, how's it going?

Speaker  148192:00
Yeah, so people are people typically getting in touch for you about six months out, or you now be now talking to more people one or two years now, yeah,

Speaker  150149:20
I'd say, would you say Bill more 12 to 18 months? Now, is that kind

Speaker  151077:20
of Yeah, it's all over the board, for sure. Some come to us and say, We want to go to market month. But ideally, you know, it's a year, a year to 18 and probably there's been more, you know, year out or so.

Speaker  153909:20
Mm, hmm, yeah. I think the ones that, that we've got that are shorter than that, are people that we've known for a while, and kind of, you know, been watching them, and then now they've said, Okay, now is my you know, Now is my time. I think the big changes is that you don't get people that say, Hey, it's January. I'd like to exit in three to four months, you know, with an aggregator. You know, that market just isn't really there anymore. So it's more strategic conversations and strategic buyers, you know, then sort of, you know, put a listing out and hope I get a bunch of buyers.

Speaker  164416:00
It was up Ben Leonard buying back his brand from Frasier. Oh, yes. So he got in touch with Frasier, and they said, We're not really selling single brands. So he found someone else to come and buy like 1020 brands of fracio, including his, and then they let him take back his from there's a quite, quite creative thinking, but a very long, long way of going about it. Yeah, exactly. I know Fauci were actually offering it off some brands to MDS. I'm not sure if anyone actually ended up buying them, but I know they were offering it some stage, so maybe some people picked up some bargains there. All right, let's go on to the MDS slides. Now. I Yeah.

Speaker  177536:00
So, yeah, we just want to give you guys a quick recap of some MDS resources you may or may not be using. So

Speaker  179200:00
I'm always here every week.

Speaker  180256:00
Next up, please.

Speaker  181472:00
So next one is going to be about the app so you can get there is different chats for different topics. There's one on Tiktok. There's one for the Mogul calls. There is, I think it's an m&a one, actually, if anyone else is, I'm not actually on that one, but just a good resource to catch up on the recordings. You can some podcast style in the car as well. If you find yourself as in the podcast, you might as well listen to these calls, because that's exclusive content for you. All right. Next up. Okay, so MDS extras. If you joined MDS more recently, then you probably are getting these included with your membership. So you want to make sure you're taking advantage of them. MDS earlier, they may not be included. So you can pay extra. If you go to this bit of the app, you can find out what 30 day trials you can do to test stuff out for free.

Speaker  195135:59
Next up, it's

Speaker  197184:00
going to be a great chance to go to an awesome event. There'll be you can bring your non MDS friends as well, and as a spa and relax the next day, you can go and party with all your friends and prosper afterwards. So highly recommend that. I'm sure that's gonna be great fun. Main Summit, Milan. So I'm really looking forward to this one. Never been to Milan before. The MDS main events are always awesome fun with great content, so you're not going to want to miss that one. Okay, yes. So you can get join the WhatsApp broadcast group, so if you are missing reminders for these calls, please join that. Maybe

Speaker  207738:40
us. You can also get SMS

Speaker  208736:00
chat as well.

Speaker  209296:00
So MDS passport, of course, not bound. So I know a lot of people from MDS have

Speaker  212976:00
found they're all

Speaker  213360:00
very Happy

Speaker  217557:20
on a few other areas.

Speaker  219205:20
All right, next up.

Speaker  221098:40
So I think the next Slide

Speaker  222346:40
got Here we go.

Speaker  235850:40
I and

Speaker  242672:00
joke. This was the before I

Speaker  244400:00
found, I guess I look a little bit

Speaker  245584:00
that the E commerce people have gotten a hold of me,

Speaker  246533:19
but first, MDs, event, Costa Rica, 2019

Speaker  250117:20
transactions, more than 175

Speaker  250901:20
MDS. Exits as mentioned. I

Speaker  264645:20
maybe form bad partnerships and need to get out of them.

Speaker  265877:20
We call them invest people with Kat

Speaker  269770:40
on is there's a start to your journey, there's a scaling

Speaker  270522:40
part of your journey, there's an exit part of your journey, and then the way that our brains think in terms of exit, your exit isn't done when we first get a deal for you. It's when you last get paid. So we regularly stay on with clients, just to be an advisor to them if anything comes up, you know, after the transaction. And that's really the passion that Bill and I have, is we were in our first entrepreneurial venture. Actually started working together in 19 software background, and When we did our first

Speaker  286570:40
and today is really focusing on transactions,

Speaker  290287:59
so Jamie can moderate future.

Speaker  294325:20
A individual situation, you know, I want to exit, but maybe I'm not that profitable either.

Speaker  296709:20
Position. Our relationship with

Speaker  298245:20
MDS provides you access to us, so just hit that Scott

Speaker  299674:39
northbound group

Speaker  300570:40
and regularly monitor that email so you have something that you want a little bit more confidential, or if you want to follow up Regarding your individual situation and Understand

Speaker  303290:39
what your options are.

Speaker  313061:20
About a transaction, you know, four years ago is, you know, it's literally ancient days, even talking about things two years ago when things were at their worst, is kind of ancient. So, so what we did is we said, okay, let's talk about some recent transactions. So we're going to bring up three transactions that we've completed at northbound within the last three months. So that way you can go, Okay, this is something that's really going on out there in the market. In the course of doing that, we'll talk about things like market conditions. We'll talk

Speaker  323776:00
and we do about 60% of our business is physical goods transactions, which is primarily the people on this call, about 40% of what we do is tech. Tech enabled service transactions in and around e commerce as well. So we're really only focusing on things that we think are most relevant to MDS.

Speaker  329013:19
The one

Speaker  329365:19
thing I want to state from the outset is that no deal that we're going to show up is going to look exactly like you, right? So we're going to bring up something, and it might be in the health and wellness niche, and you're going to go, oh, well, I'm in Home and Kitchen. Does this apply to me? The answer is, we tried to pick some different representative transactions out of our group of transactions. And the key point that I want you to think about is really listen to what are the dynamics and the levers that are going on in the transaction? And then you can think about, how do I apply that to my own particular situation? So try to pick a range of EBITDA, a little bit of a range of different business models, those types of things. But it's really the lessons learned that I really want to focus everybody in on and happy to answer questions regarding that. And then I think we need to really think about this always in the concept of what I call skate to where the puck is going. You need to think about this in how you might maximize your valuation before you go to exit, how you might prepare for an exit. Or in some cases, you might have found that you've got a nice, profitable company, but it's not really very exitable, and it's just going to be one of those things that you're going to run and continue to milk the cash flow from. And that's certainly, you know, an entrepreneurial option for you. We're going to focus more on people that you know do at some point want to exit because we know that, you know, most people don't want to be in the same business for, quote, unquote, the rest of their lives. So, so let's go dive into the transactions. After we're done with that time permit, we're going to talk a little bit about how you can think about enabling your company, what we call a value enablement strategy, to get yourself prepared for exit. So we'll leave, you, know, a little bit of time at that to discuss that, and then obviously any questions along the way. Okay, so recent transaction number one, so we've got a e commerce company there. Think of them as in the home and garden niche. It's 100% Amazon business, good margins and a good percentage of revenue from repeat buyers. The buyer was a strategic buyer, and the multiple that they paid was 3.5 and it was a 60% cash down 40% rolled equity transaction. And what that essentially means, if you haven't done a lot of transactions, I want to talk a little bit about that many people have heard of something called earn outs. And usually, earn outs were a good word 19, and by the time of the end of the aggregator debacle, earn outs became a four letter word, because most people sold their company on the hope that they would hit an earn out. A lot of the businesses they sold to didn't know how to run the company, and therefore they missed out on their earn out. So they thought they were getting a 6x multiple for their deal. They missed out on the earn out, so they ended up only getting a 4x multiple on their particular transactions. So a safer way to have some contingency and some upside in the deal is to do what's called a rolled equity transaction. And in essence, what that means is that in this situation, if you, if you think about the, you know, kind of the rough math, if I got a million dollars of profit, 3.5 means it's a $3.5 million transaction. If they were going to buy 100% of the company, the buyer only bought 60% of the company. So in essence, three

Speaker  388895:59
six is 2.1 million. So they bought cash 60% and then the other 40% the seller stayed on and is going to continue to grow the company with the buyer for a period of time. And what will happen is, at a future point in time, the second 40% will be sold to the buyer as well. And there's a number of different ways that can be structured, which is maybe a bit of the beyond the scope here, but essentially, why we do more of these transactions is because, first of all, a lot of buyers are saying, I want my seller to stay on. I'm not going to give you 100% cash up front. The second thing is, is if you have an earn out, earn outs tend to be all or none. So I either stabilize the business at 1 million and I got all of my earn out, or if something happened to the business, I get $0 and the way a rolled equity transaction happens is that in two years or three years, or whatever is negotiated, we're going to revalue the business, and then you're going to sell that second 40% to the same buyer. So essentially, what happens in this deal is if I take 3.5 times 1 million, that's 3.5 million, 2.1 million in cash, and if I take that same amount, then 1.3 million is sitting in stock in the new company, and I continue to grow the company, and then I get a chance for what's called a second exit. So the reason why this deal got done is that it has a really good strategic fit. The buyer was in a similar category. They had good synergy. The buyer had the cash so they didn't need to go to external financing. And as we were talking with Jamie on before, at the beginning of the call here, interest rates while stabilizing and even come and so if a buyer has to buy or borrow debt in order to finance a deal, the typical rate that they're paying right now, which might surprise some of you, is a buyer is usually having to pay somewhere around 14 to 15% sometimes as high As 17% interest rates on money that they're financing. Now, if you sell to a much larger buyer, like a large private equity company, they're probably getting it a little bit cheaper, but a smaller buyer in the regular markets right now, debt financing is quite expensive, and so that money that they have to pay to interest is less money that they can pay you.

Speaker  431962:39
It's wiping out. It's wiping out a lot of them wiping out a lot of their margin, right?

Speaker  433023:59
Yeah, exactly. So I'll give you a very easy way to think about this. If I had a $1 million deal, and so I can do very simple math, if I had

Speaker  436751:59
and I paid 4x multiply so that

Speaker  439157:19
I had to come with $4 million of cash and borrow $4 million of cash at 15% my annual interest costs are $600,000 a year, and I've only got A million dollars worth of EBITDA in the whole company. So over 60% you know, of my money that's not making the principal payment on that $4 million that's just literally the annual interest payment. So it ends up eating up all of the profitability of the business. So when people are are wondering about why multiples aren't going back up to higher levels. A very key component of this has to do with macro environments around interest rate and the one of the examples we'll show after this is what neutralizes high interest rates is growth. Because if I buy this business that's doing a million dollars this year, but growing at 30% two years, I'll have $1.6 million or a little bit more of EBITDA, and therefore my effective multiple goes down. So if you want to write down a little bit of, so to speak, lessons learned, one of the lessons learned is an expectation that you stay on after the transaction is more required now than what it was back in the aggregator days. And if you want to get a higher multiple, buyers are paying up for growth right now. They need to see profitability, but they also really need to see growth, because many of these buyers that are out there are struggling with growth and maybe other things that they've bought, and if you can bring more growth to the table, you're valued more. And then there was some strong IP and as we said, the owner staying on board. So, so essentially, if you said, Hey, what is a good company, or, you know, a premium company that is still 100% Amazon. Can I get an exit for it? This is a recent example of a deal that got done that is a win for the seller, because, you know, they're, they're making a million dollars a year, and they got more than $2 million off the table, but they still have a second bite at the apple. The goal in this business is to double the earnings over a three year period. And if they can achieve that, and on 2 million, 2 million times 3.5 is 7 million. If you take 7 million times point four, that's 2.8 million. So they might literally collect a check for 2.1 million today, a check in a few years for 2.8 million. So that would be, effectively, this 3.5 multiple would become a 4.9 multiple, because they'd end up with 4.9 million in cash over the life of the two transactions. So a lot of people are quite concerned about rolled equity deals, and specifically, when you're rolling this much, and that's very legitimate, the higher the equity, the more confident you have to feel in the particular buyer. Okay, so if you think about that, if they've been successful and they're in your category, and you know that they know how to operate, and you know that you're sticking around, that could lead you to rolling more equity. The more you want to leave, turn over the business to them, and if they don't have previous experience, then the more your rolled equity position is going to be at risk. Okay, so a lot of people have heard that you can only get two to three multiples for Amazon businesses today, in some instances, that's true, but there is a market for a little bit higher multiples, not the, you know, the multiples of three years ago. And this was, we thought, a good example of something that got done within the last 90 days in that sort of three and a half multiple range. Cool. So I've

Speaker  501605:20
got some questions on this one. If anyone else has got any questions, put them in the chat or put your hands up. So like E commerce strategic, they're just a

Speaker  504277:19
bigger e commerce company that's bought it.

Speaker  505109:20
Yeah, think of it if I had to say to you, sort of a capital backed, not necessarily an aggregator, but a capital backed e commerce company that has expertise in a specific category. So, you know, think of it as you know, you know, if it's a smaller PE that has done a few transactions, but, you know, really focused on the E commerce niche specifically, okay,

Speaker  512250:40
so it'd be like the equivalent of one of those huge pet e commerce company buying, like a smaller one in a,

Speaker  514128:00
yeah, except for, I wouldn't say on the huge, I think of it as more, you know, kind of a what's referred to oftentimes as lower middle markets, or lower middle market, you know, smaller company buying up, you Know, because one thing I want to really, really highlight here, you raised another comment I want to make, and a million dollars of EBITDA, a large private equity company or strategic buyer, probably doesn't get down to a million of EBITDA. They probably want to see north of 2 million in EBITDA. So think of this as a smaller e commerce strategic buyer.

Speaker  523610:39
So if this business hadn't been properly marketed and they just tried to go for Max cash up front, what do you think would have been a typical multiple if, if that had happened? Yeah,

Speaker  526922:40
so

Speaker  527626:39
the direct way to answer that is that most lenders are lending at around two and a half times EBITDA at a maximum. So you know, if you if you think about this on a multiple basis, 3.5 times, point six is 2.1

Speaker  533440:00
Okay, so they got a 2.1

Speaker  534517:20
and then they got the other

Speaker  535125:20
point

Speaker  537045:20
in in equity. If it was going to be 100% cash, it probably would have tapped out at around a two and a half multiple,

Speaker  539818:39
right? So they ended up getting, they ended up getting almost the same amount of cash, just a little bit less the same amount of cash they would have got a 60% Yep. In

Speaker  542698:39
essence, point Yeah, they lost point 4x multiple in exchange for getting another multiple on top. So more importantly, probably is that most people think that there's actually an all cash deal that's out there, and that's in very rare situations. And the reason is because it drives the buyers risk up so much this particular buyer knows that this seller is going to be motivated to do a smooth handoff to make sure that it goes well, etc, etc. So most of your all cash buyers are, you know, bottom feeding, and they're pricing into the deal the lowest amount of risk possible. And they're really looking for sellers that, what I'll call sort of have to sell rather than want to sell. So I don't even really want to set the expectation out there that there is a lot of all cash buyers out there. Now, could we have done this deal and had 20% rolled equity rather than 40? Yeah, possibly. But 100% cash deal most of the time, you think that you're giving up cash to get to take on risk. And while that's true to a certain extent, I would bet that this buyer 2.5 would have been the peak, and they might have even tried to offer a little bit low. So you're really not giving up that much cash in this market, because most of your all cash buyers are trying to, you know, they're comparing a great business here with things that they can buy out on the street that are struggling businesses, you know, for one and a half to two times earnings

Speaker  567877:20
with the new entity,

Speaker  569653:19
existing team

Speaker  570245:20
in This particular situation. You know that that is the case, that the leadership is staying on. I would say in most of them, it's usually a combination. Leadership is staying on, maybe one or two key people, but then eventually the buyers trying to get synergies on the back end. And so there might be some people that at the seller that are redundant to the people that are at the buyer. So I am, you know, I would say leadership is expected to usually stay on and grow the business. You know, new products, new brands, you know, those types of things strategically, new channels. And then operations is usually at some level, getting consolidated.

Speaker  581840:00
And then for deals like this, for the 40% would there typically be in agreements about how that's going to be valued in three years time, or is that subject to negotiation in three years time?

Speaker  584549:20
Yeah, two ways that it's done. One of them

Speaker  586213:20
is that it's just going to be fair market value at the time, so you don't have a fixed valuation. The other one is you set up what's called puts and calls, which essentially fixes the valuation and allows both sides to have a second exit button. So I'll give you one example. Here. It's 40% rolled equity. We're going to exit at some point in the future together, and it's just going to be, could be two years from now, could be five years from now, and we all win or lose together, right? The second one would be, is we're going to cash out this 40% at the end of year three, and we're going to give you a 3.5 multiple on whatever the EBITDA is at that time, and we as the buyer get a call, right? We get the right to call that stock in and buy you out, so that if we want to go get an on the upside and sell our platform for, you know, 7x we can do that. But you on the sell side get what's called a put option, which means that you can put the stock back to the buyer at that you know, take the earnings at three years, times the multiple, times the percentage. And so there usually are two different types of options. And usually the way we do it at northbound is we've got a huge amount of experience enrolled equity transactions. I think I can say we've done almost every possible variation of rolled equity by this point. So we usually work with the sellers to say, what do you want to accomplish first, but then we also interview and due diligence the buyer, because the type of deal you want to do depends on the quality of how you feel about that specific buyer. So there's a couple of considerations on that, but you can do it anything from no guard rails to very, very strict rules, all right, well,

Speaker  618789:20
questions, but unless anyone else has any more than we will, I know Tony's got a question about bigger trans bigger transactions, but I think that's bill says it's going to

Speaker  621210:40
be covered. Okay, larger transactions. Okay, yep. So this is a second one in the smaller one, and then the last one that we're going to do is a $5 million EBITDA transactions. So, so this was a e commerce company. Think of them in promotional products, if you'll notice this one, it's 100% D to C, okay, still a million dollars of EBITDA, 20% margin, still about 30% of revenue from repeat buyers. The buyer was again a PE firm focused on E commerce. Look at the difference in the multiples. Okay, 6x multiple. A little bit more than that actually, 5.7 million cash, 1 million rolled equity the buyer. Liked the financial profile, they liked the business model. They liked the fact that, because it was direct e commerce, they felt like they could control it, and they had really good cash flow efficiency, because they didn't have to stock a whole bunch of things at Amazon. They could be much more efficient from a networking inventory turn perspective, and you'll hear again the theme the management team is staying on post transaction for up to a year minimum. But you'll notice this one has much more in cash and much less enrolled equity and a significantly higher multiple. So I wanted to bring this one up so that you might I don't want anybody on the call to come away with. Well, thanks, Scott. I'm an Amazon business. It doesn't do me any good to show me a D to C business. The reason I want to show this is that if you're asking to skate where the puck is going, like I mentioned before, a blend of business around other than just 100% amazon.com is going to give you the best chance to be able to get some multiple lift. And it might not be going 100% D to C. It might not be D to C at all, but it might be I need to diversify into Tiktok. I need to diversify into Europe. I need to diversify into Canada. I need to diversify into more SKUs so that I have more constant, less concentration risk. The key point that I wanted to mention here is that the there is a premium that is going to be given to people that have established, I'll call it a real brand and a real business and a track record, not just subject to the whims of, you know, amazon.com, level of competitiveness so but if you look At these companies, they're very similar, size wise, just

Speaker  666805:20
in to me. Well,

Speaker  668122:40
Scott, if I'm an Amazon business today, should I, you know, go omni channel and go D to C. Now I'm going to tell you that that's not easy to do. So I can't tell you, as an operator or not, you should do that. What I can tell you is the payoff that is out there in the marketplace if you're positioned as not just an Amazon business, but as a differentiated brand business, and then it would be up for you to determine, do I just continue to run my Amazon company? Because I know it's going to only get me a two and a half to three multiple someday, but I like the cash flow from it to start up another venture that could be an option. Or do I want to exit that company and maybe not get the valuation that I want to get into, you know, a business idea that I have, that might have a different exit? Or do I want to, you know,

Speaker  683066:40
just recognize that

Speaker  684698:40
I want to run my business and continue to grow it, and I want to get to a particular level of scale that even if I don't get a premium multiple, maybe I only get a 3x multiple for my business, but if I can get it up to $3 million of profitability, and get a 3x multiple on it, then I can still get my lifestyle needs met. So there's multiple strategies. And at the beginning of the call, we were talking again with Jamie and the team. You know, we're doing a lot more of these advisements, because we have a different marketplace than three years ago, and so you have to really think through, is this business exitable or not, and at what valuation range, and what would it need to look like in order to exit it so that you can make the best, you know, lifestyle decision for yourself as an entrepreneur. Okay,

Speaker  696821:20
so let me try and put myself in a position of the buyer, and you let me know if this is roughly what the buyer is thinking, because it seems like a very big multiple to pay for you know, a $1 million EBITDA company, they're looking at this, and they're seeing, again,

Speaker  700906:40
up into the right so they're seeing fast growth.

Speaker  702154:40
They're seeing maybe, does the company own its own printing stuff? Does it own its own machinery? So does that mean it can, it'll be easy to scale.

Speaker  704762:40
You Yeah, it's got the ability to do its own scale. The key part, if I was to you know, so you're right on the up into the right, you're right on the scaling. Let me add one key thing in here, just so that you're really hearing it out loud, because it's got very fast cycle of order to to revenue, it can scale without increasing the need for more and more networking capital. Okay, okay, so they

Speaker  712005:20
won't. They won't. Then have to keep fun, yeah. Okay, yeah. So if

Speaker  712677:20
you're an Amazon business, and I gotta get it from China, and I gotta get it over on a boat, and I gotta have 60 days worth there, no matter what, I've got 90 to 120 days of networking capital. So if I want to get from $1 million to $5 million of EBITDA, let's just say this business, in very simple terms, it's a 20% margin business on 1 million so it's doing 5 million of revenue. Okay? If you have 15% of your of your revenue that is tied up in your networking capital. That's around 750,000 of networking company. We normally see 10 to 15% and the easiest way for you to think about what networking capital is is, it's, if I'm my product costs are, you know, 25% of my business, and I turn my inventory, you know, a few times a year, then it's going to be 10 to 12% okay. If I want to get this business from a million dollars to three or 4 million, I don't need that much networking capital to drive it. But in a pure Amazon business, where I got it, a China sourcing chain, I would have to take 750,000 of networking capital in order to get it to 5 million. I'm going to need three additional capital on top, because I got to go up to 3.5 million of networking capital. And that's a lot of cash that I've got to put into the business, therefore I can't put it into the owner's pocket, whereas in this business, what I'm able to do, because I've got a short inventory turn cycle, is I know that once I put this money into the buyer and maybe a little bit to grow the company, I can scale this EBITDA, and I don't have a bottleneck on cash. Yeah,

Speaker  741088:00
sounds good. And I guess also, as a result, there's probably competing buyers, right? So to get to get top dollar, there's got to be for a buyer. I've got to be thinking, Oh, I've got to pay top dollar, otherwise someone else is going to steal, is going to take a steal off me.

Speaker  745301:20
Yeah, absolutely. And it's unique in that. So the lesson for people on here is, think about your Omni channel, you know strategy, your diversification strategy, in some fashion. But then also think about if I've got an ability to show turns which or I've got an ability the other way you can do that. We do a lot of supplier negotiating discussions. If I can get my suppliers to bear the cost of my networking capital, by their terms, that literally comes back into my pocket in affecting my multiple Okay, so you know, you know, most people have a very good understanding of what their profit is over the last year. They have somewhat of an understanding of their balance sheet over the last year, but do they really understand the networking capital required to grow the business? And I don't want to talk above or below people, but if you really want to, if you say, Hey, I just don't get networking capital. And I'm not an accounting geek like you are. Scott, just, you know at that Scott at northbound group, we're happy to help you understand what your networking capital is today, if you want to kind of walk through a calculation, but it's a huge thing. It's essentially how much cash do I need business based on how much do I have cash out in the system. Before it comes back to me, this company had very little networking capital need, therefore it was more scalable.

Speaker  769808:00
Great. Well, yeah, great. Great news for them. And were they, would they be sick? Would they? Did they stick around?

Speaker  771808:00
Yep, this one had a one year commitment to us, to stick around, yep. Oh, and on that note, though, it was a one year commitment, but it wasn't full time. So I want to, this is a very important point. Most people don't want to, you know, if I'm thinking of, you know, I've been to enough MDS events, if I said, you know, I want to sell you to a buyer, and then you're going to have a boss and a job, right? That doesn't quite fit the culture, right? Yeah. Think of your job post transaction as very different than the CEO wearing all hats in the business. A lot of the operations are getting handed off in this transaction and other ones. But what's happening is that you're being asked to focus on more strategic upside wins, channel rollouts, and in this scenario, the seller is staying on, but only 10 to 15 hours a week. So they're on for a year. They're going to stay on, they're going to be a strategic advisor to the business, but they're starting to already get ready for their next thing in life, and and we negotiated that they would spend, you know, roughly that amount of time for that year to be there for the knowledge transfer and for the growth strategy, but not to be in the operations of the business. It was 60 days full time to help with the handoff, and then 10 to 15 hours a week after that.

Speaker  792709:19
Okay, thanks, Scott. Let's take a look at number three. Yep. So

Speaker  793493:20
yeah, number three is larger business, lower margin, so 5 million EBITDA, 17% margin, high growth business. Think of it as in personal care,

Speaker  797722:40
and essentially 5x multiple

Speaker  799002:40
with significant amount of equity in a two tier scenario. So think of the buyer as a private equity company that is going to allow rolled equity at the brand level, and then also another level, at what's called the topco level. So think of it as a holding company that has multiple businesses coming underneath it within a sector. And then, in addition to that, it's a two year earn out. And literally, think of it as for every dollar that the EBITDA increases, there's another 75 cents to $1 that is paid to the seller and and that, given the growth rate, is going to drive it to somewhere between a six and a 7x multiple. So the reason that this made sense is buyer wanted to get more D to C, get away from Amazon. Buyer wanted to get an advertising platform that they could leverage across other brands. It wasn't a software, it was just a relationship and a methodology that they had, that they knew how to scale advertising, and they had excellent, you know, product call quality that's in there from that side. Here's why I bring this one up, is, I think it's a very important one. If you notice, it's bigger, but the multiple is actually lower than the previous one. Okay, many people think that you have a larger EBITDA leads to a larger multiple. And the answer is not so fast. This business requires more cash to grow. It has some unique features in terms of the amount of, you know, rolled equity, it's got a platform, topco level of rolled equity, and it's got an earn out. So what we negotiated in this situation was multiple ways that the seller could get paid over time. We were estimating that the total multiple, when you're all said and done, is probably going to be between seven and nine, and you know that has some assumption on where does the rolled equity go, but it is a larger transaction. But the multiples aren't always reflective compared to a 6x multiple, because I literally have no working capital need, you know, in the in the business, and the buyer here, you know, had a feeling that they could triple the business or more within a year or two. It's much harder to triple a business that's already at 5 million of EBITDA. So here's where the concept of yield is really, really important, and then we'll take questions on it. If I buy something for 5x okay, and it stays flat. So let's just say I bought something for 5 million of EBITDA. I paid 25 million. It doesn't do anything else. Then deliver that 5 million of EBITDA. Every year, I'm getting a 20% return on my money. So if, if you think about it this way, and I go back to that million dollar business, if I bought the million dollar business here for $5 million and it makes a million a year, I paid 5 million for a stock, and it gives me a $1 million dividend every year. So I take the 1 million divided by the five, and I get 20% return on my money. If I grow the business. The growth in the business is what changes the yield curve. So that if I buy something that has 5 million of EBITDA, and it doubles to 10 million of EBITDA. What happens in that situation is that instead of making 20% return on my money, I will make what's called a higher internal rate of return, or what's called an IRR and I don't want to go into the calculation of that, except, need to be making about 35 to 40% return on their money because of the interest rate that they're going to have to pay on the debt. And so if you want a 3x multiple and you're a flat company, you're going to be giving them a 33% return. But their fear is going to be that it's not going to stay flat. It's going to decline. So you have to think about exiting your company when it's growing, which means you have to be able to be profitable while you're launching new products in order to get a reasonable multiple if you pull back on product launches, and then you start to see that EBITDA flatten out your multiple that you're going to get on that company is probably going to drop down to about two at most, because the buyer is going to feel like there's a risk of it declining so so it's a very important dynamic in today's market. And the fact of the matter is, is that bigger companies are harder to double or triple the EBITDA. So when you're planning your exit, and again, we do a lot of valuation planning, you need to plan on the fact that you want to sell while you're growing. Um, but also, you know, when the growth might slow, you want to sell before the growth slows, otherwise you might end up with more EBITDA, but lower value because of a lower multiple. It's a very critical concept to get right, and it makes timing and exit, which is why we often work with people you know, 12 to 18 months in advance, because the timing on the exits is even more important now than it's ever been, and you need to be able to time it right so that it's a win for you and a win for the buyer.

Speaker  890133:20
So what sort of interest would the buyer be paying if they were borrowing money to plug this company?

Speaker  891978:40
Yeah, I would say, think of it as 14 to 15%

Speaker  893498:40
it's still expensive, even if it's something that's even if it's

Speaker  894394:40
a larger deal, maybe they could get it down, you know, because if you think about it right now, even almost 8% you know, you know, and I got real estate, and I got all of that. You got the bond market that's out there. You got, you know, if I was a, you know, you know, a super large, you know, equity company, I might get 80 10% money. But this is still e commerce. It's still what happens if your ad cost goes up? You know, what happens if your Amazon costs go up? So you think about it this way, the reason the debt is higher is because the buyer is trying to isolate this debt and not have it, you know, poison other deals that they may have done. And the just nature of an E commerce deal is that a lender knows that if this you know, if this company, you know, gets, you know, shut down by Amazon, or in this case, you know, if it goes to no profitability, because you know, something happens to its ad strategy, it's going to be hard for them to get their money out. Now they'll have parent guarantee with the buyer, but the buyer is going to go to specific lenders that give them the right covenants and flexibility, so you're still going to be paying double digit interest

Speaker  915856:00
rates. Yeah, so

Speaker  916784:00
I know, I guess if I'm putting myself in a buyer seat again, risk, risk reduction is such a big concern, right? Because you really need that growth and that success for these for these deals to work and to actually make a good profit. So is that why there's more buyers for companies with no Amazon or less Amazon than there are kind of all Amazon

Speaker  923141:20
or and, you know, we've only used three examples, so it's, you know, I don't want to give the impression that the only buyers out there for off Amazon. I what I want to do is get to the point that you mentioned. Let me do this. Let me go to the last slide here, because I think this is very important. Most people think that the way that they get more value is by showing the growth of the company. And back to your point, when we work with people to plan for their exit, the number one thing we focus is, how do I de risk the business? Okay, so how do we create product diversification or brand diversification. How do we make it a cleaner company? Is there any Moats? Is there any good you know, do you have good supplier terms? What do I have that makes this business appear less risky? Then what I do is I look at, how can I apply capital so that I can grow more? Then we look at, how do I scale efficiently, and then we look at new growth opportunities, and we'll literally develop a plan for a particular buyer that says, hey, if you want to take this from an entrepreneurial bottleneck organization to an institutional, scaled organization, here is what we call The value enabled plan for this business, and it all starts with risk. The biggest way that we can increase your multiple is not by convincing them how high the building can get built. It's by convincing them how firm the bedrock is underneath the building, no matter how high it eventually goes to and that's a huge part that most sellers aren't focused on right now, and then they want to go to market. And then there are these inherent risks that are in the business. We haven't developed a plan to address those risks. And therefore, what ends up happening is you, you don't get the multiple that you think. We've got a very large business that you know, we've taken out the market. They have risks inside the business, and it's very difficult, even though it's very successful, because they've got SKU concentration issues that we're trying to deal with. If we could advise the seller to rewind a year, we'd say, Hey, you actually need to broaden your SKU count, not just drive up your revenue.

Speaker  960570:40
Because we

Speaker  961552:00
factor out of the business if we want to get you a higher multiple um, and then I'll take last questions. But essentially, if you said, what's the process of doing that? Again, this is out of scope. But essentially, what you want to build is what we call a value enablement plan, which says what's my business objectives and what's my desired exit and then what's my strategic plan, my growth plan and my financial plan that helps me move through this process efficiently. Most people have some idea of like attraction EOS business plan down here, but they haven't linked it to what you want to get done as an owner and what capital you need to grow. And so there's a separate topic on now, how do I plan for my exit, knowing that you know these are the types of transactions that are going to be out there in the marketplace.

Speaker  975658:39
Good things for any but good things for

Speaker  976384:00
any business. Let's just do

Speaker  978096:00
example one, and then we can address Tony's question. So for a for mostly Amazon or Amazon company, we've obviously talked about the other drivers, the cash flow, the risk, etc, the other drivers of the multiple.

Speaker  983957:20
How much does the just the increase in EBITDA,

Speaker  985077:20
assuming the margins are the same, how much does that change the multiple? So you know, he was saying, What about 2 million or 5 million? How much does just the, how much does just the the increase in EBITDA affect the multiple?

Speaker  988218:40
Yeah, so two potential upsides, if you're larger Tony, if you get north of 2 million, and particularly if you get north of 3 million, you actually open up a different buyer category. And what it opens up is a large private equity

Speaker  995456:00
themselves are trading at a higher multiple, okay, so the key lift that we look at when we deal with people that are north of, you know, certainly 2 million, but definitely north of 3 million is we're actually and, you know, Bill at northbound heads up a lot of our buyer outreach, but we're actually targeting different types of buyers. And we're targeting buyers that themselves are platforms that might trade at 10 to 12 times earnings, so they can afford to pay more for a company that's actually got real scale. Okay? So there's a positive to that side of things, in terms of growth rates and profitability, no matter what your EBITDA is, a buyer is not going to be that attracted in a company that's not growing at a minimum of 20% a year, so you've got to be thinking about a minimum of 20% growth. And 20% growth on a bigger number is more lifting. So you can have a product pipeline and a plan, or a channel expansion plan, that can deliver on that level of growth, and then in terms of margins, if you said to me, you know, I'm a bigger company, I've got 20% growth, and I've got somewhere around 18 to 20% EBITDA margins. Now you're opening up in a company that this same company, if I had 20, let's say 20% margin, $3 million of EBITDA and 25% growth, or 20 to 25% growth, because you're bigger, probably opens up this multiple another half a point, maybe as high as a full point, if I go and can convince a private equity buyer or a strategic buyer that this is a meaningful amount of scale going into their company, and that always goes back to the rule, it's not what the seller is selling, it's what's the buyer really buying. If I'm buying a small company like this, I'm buying the fact that I have to bring the growth, okay, if I'm already at 3 million of E, but I'm buying something that already has growth that I need to be able to scale. That's usually worth, you know, certainly I could see that, you know, a half a point to a point higher,

Speaker  1031653:19
right? Any more questions, please put them in the chat. So, for example, on this 120 4% margin, I'm guessing that's after AD backs. Now, I know back in the day, we were being, everyone was being pretty aggressive with ADD backs. There was, you know, so you're adding your cash back from your cut from your credit cards, you're adding back in. You may be saying, Oh, you won't need all these staff, you know. Maybe saying, Oh, we made a mistake here with this inventory. That won't happen again. Oh, just negotiated a discount on this. So that needs to be add back. What kind of add backs can you realistically negotiate now? What can't you

Speaker  1041312:00
Yeah, I would say the process is exactly the same. We start out aggressive and ask for all of them, and then we find out where they're at within the context of the deal. Right? There's no reason not to do that. We've got another transaction, you know, that has a significant amount of add backs because of various investments and things that they've been doing. So, you know, think of it as, you know, 3 million of EBITDA and another full 1.5 million of add backs, you know. So I don't want to give anybody the impression that you don't go out there and and ask for them, the limiting factor on them right now is most people think that your your add backs are things that I'm not going to need, or the buyer is not going to need going forward. And what they need to get thinking about is that if you really look at it from the buyer perspective, some of those are going to be needed. So the famous one that I always think about is, you know, failed product launches and inventory stock,

Speaker  1061600:00
you're essentially saying to the buyer that they're not going to have any stock outs, and that's a very different deal than I've got three owners in the business, and two of them are going to not be needed, and I'm going to pick up the salary, you know, benefit from that. Things like credit card points usually don't fly anymore, because most buyers aren't going to it's not that they wouldn't give it to you. It's that most buyers aren't using credit card points to buy things they're using. They have to have tighter purchasing controls, so they're just literally not going to get that benefit. And so the logic that I want you to think about is, we're happy to list all of them. We negotiate them pretty aggressively, but most of them that sellers maybe thought that a buyer should continue to do buyers actually don't, and so they're not going to get that particular benefit. That's where, like the credit card point one, you know, only if they're going to stick and continue using it are they going to do it, but if they have to shift over to a different vendor payable system, they're just literally and you can't convince them to say, oh, keep putting everything on a credit card, because they've got bigger issues that they're focused on. So I would say the add back story is, start aggressive, but you're going to have to demonstrate a little bit more flexibility. When it was the height of the market, everybody was in a feeding frenzy, so buyers knew that the Add backs were in somewhat. I'll use the play term BS, but they didn't care, because they felt they had to get a deal done that doesn't exist anymore.

Speaker  1086202:40
Another question from me, so Is now a good time? Are you seeing more like sellers, like typical MDs, sellers going to start buying, buying companies. That is, that is that strong opportunity for this year? Would you say?

Speaker  1091119:59
Yeah? So

Speaker  1091647:59
yes, we are seeing not just, you know, I call it MDS mentors, but I'll just more broadly say, are recognizing that they might be able to get more scale by being buyers. So, so that is a dynamic that's out there. You can almost look at it as sort of, you know, we're going from aggregator private equity back people to aggregator operators, right? I think that's good for the industry, because I would certainly rather, you know, you know, put my stock in with people that are, you know, and I'm sure some of the people on this call know, some of the people that are doing it, an MDS member that's got a seven year track record, that's made a lot of money, that's doing well, rather than in the hands of a bunch of 27 year old MBA types that have never met the industry. So, so you're going to, I think you're going to continue to see that if you want to be a buyer yourself, the key part that I would really focus people on, we do buy side advisement as well, is you got to have a thesis in mind before you do your acquisitions. So and if you have a buyer that is an operator buyer, the ones that you want to be careful of is the ones that can't present to you a rationale. It's called an investment thesis, you know, because those are the ones that get too opportunistic and get spread too thin. So if you know, I worry about if people do that as the buyer, because it's hard to be the expert at all things. But also, if you get approached by somebody and they haven't bought a bunch of things before, they tend to think it's too easy, and they tend to be too opportunistic, you know, I'll buy an automotive company and a supplement company and, you know, and a printing press. And if you don't believe in that thesis from the outset, then that probably is not the ideal buyer for you. I think over the next two years, there's going to be more and more successful operators that say, Hey, it's not a good time to sell. But I can find deals to be had on the buy side, and if they stick to their knitting and stick to their niche, I think it's a great way to grow.

Speaker  1126869:20
Want to go to the last page again for the contact details. Yep, there we go. So yeah, Scott at North group.com, nice, easy email address to remember. So if we could just put the Can we put the air table feedback form link on, please. Belen, so we're just going to put a link in so you can give feedback on the call. Just give us a rating. That's all you need to do. If you can give us some feedback as well, then really appreciate. It helps me to make these calls as good as possible. But yeah, I think potentially, from some of the other slides we could do, another call just about what people can do with businesses that can't really be sold, that maybe don't have the margins or the growth, and looking at what the opportunities are, because it looks like the kind of things that buyers need to be thinking about is the same thing that you know you can you can look at your business afresh as a buyer, some of those ideas on your I could see some of the things that I've been thinking about for my business. You know, dropping SKUs, trying to get new ideas, working on a lot of the processes at the moment. So I've been opening a lot of clickup, recurring costs, and working out, okay, does this need to be done? Does this need to be done? Just want to

Speaker  1147626:40
harness one. Yeah, happy

Speaker  1147978:40
to do a part two on that. That I think that could be a very good conversation.

Speaker  1148986:40
Awesome guys. So the links there for your feedback. If you could put the WhatsApp link as well, that would be great. Yeah, thanks, Scott. Thanks Bill. So you guys can also catch up with Scott and Bill at Inspire. So I hope that some of you guys are going to be able to make that also look forward to seeing some of you guys in Milan as well. But yeah, thanks. I've got lots of exciting calls lined up, so I will get them posted later on. And do you know, keep an eye on the Mogul messenger channel

Speaker  1157760:00
on the app.
