Constantine Kirillov_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey, all right,

Speaker  2080:00
not sure if I'm excited. No, I'm scared. That's what it is. I'm scared. So when Eugene came up to me and said, Hey, you want to talk about this, I thought that he was nuts, because we were very early in the process. It was still beginning of the summer, I think, and the effort was there, the plan was there, the kind of strategy going in, but I could not evaluate the results as super successful. But then I thought that at many MDS events that I've gone to, there would be a thing that would hear that I may have heard for the 10th or 20th time but never acted on before, and just hearing something in the right place and the right time from the right people when you are ready to absorb the information and start acting sometimes it works. So I hope for one or two or three or more of you, something like that will work out. My name is Constantine. I like figuring out how people think. Have three kids, two dogs, four fish, and I'm grateful to MDs, because a great group of people and I learned a lot from this. I made great relationships. I'm very happy to be here. My business partner, Yuri, who's sitting right there in a previous life. We spent a lot of time together, and a lot of it was in the car, and one day we were driving, and he was telling me about this amazing book he listened to by Tim Ferriss for a week, and how there is this Pirelli principle 8020 and you can skip on a lot of bullshit in life, and as long as you concentrate on important things, you're going to do great. And I went, dude, I've been telling you exactly that thing for the past 10 years, and this just proves my point that sometimes you know something, you heard something, but it's just the right time, the right place, and the right person telling you that triggers the effect. In the fall last year, I happened to sit with garland. Max is his business partner, yeah, Garland is not here today, and I heard this amazing idea. The idea is that you go online to Facebook, you find a Facebook group in your niche that is very specific to you, and you kind of infiltrate it, and you may approach it, owners, so it means, and a lot of time it's not monetized in any way. So there's no monetary value to the owners. And then you can approach them and say, hey, I want to buy it. So in a case of garland, they purchased a they were starting out their dental product, which is a fluoride free toothpaste. And they found the book. I a group of 30,000 dental professionals, which is hygienists and doctors and so all US based and ended up purchasing it for something like $3,000 and the idea in my head was, this is an amazing idea, because you have a group of people where you can discuss the product before you launch it, get ideas, send out samples, build an affiliate network. There's like, the sky's the limit, and the cost of it is, like, how much money we're spending every day for advertising, right? And I thought it was a great idea. So the idea is to build trust, to provide value, to go in there and eventually have an ability to pitch your product, to launch a product, and to have affiliates in a network, but it has to be a niche that is very directly relevant to you. So these are some details about the group. The problem that they faced was some people think that fluoride is amazing, and some people think that fluoride is from hell and sent by lizard people to control our minds. And the idea that you get out of it is that you have to do some research, and you need to make sure that your group is very aligned with what you're doing. In Garland's case, he mentioned that it's very difficult to get people who are been preaching that fluoride is amazing for their life suddenly go with fluoride free toothpaste. But there's still reality to it. Joel sitting over there. So in preparation for this presentation, I spoke to a few people, and Joel was one of them, and as a matter of fact, he should be, fact, he should be on the stage right now, because over 200 groups that he utilized infiltrated purchased in different niches over time. And the strategy is that you have to join. You have to provide value, you have to be there. You have. To be an active actively asking questions in a group, actively answering of finding solutions and so on. Pricing on a group, or something like that, that usually varies from 10 to 50 cents per member, kind of like a ballpark figure. But in some cases, it's a lot cheaper because there is no monetary value to the owners, and they're simply kind of running it part time. The key pitch is that you never present your product directly. You never talk about selling. People hate to be sold to, and therefore a lot of monetization, or any kind of sales tactics are not direct. So it is more likely that you will have several profiles, for instance, and one profile will ask a question or do it anonymously, and another one will pitch your product as a response. And for those of you who think it's maybe unethical, I have to break it to you that when Tom Cruise is wearing Oakley glasses, it's probably a product placement too. So there is that.

Speaker  99152:00
That's something I just spoke about. So I'll skip it. Where to find a group or page for sale,

Speaker  101552:00
something that Joel and garland were doing is that you literally go on Facebook, you put in the keywords you see. In our case, we started a pet supplement brand in the spring, earlier this year, so you would go in and type in nutrition for dogs, right? And you figure these out, make sure that you are graphically Correct. Usually, groups tell you where a majority of their members are. You kind of go look in that, and you approach them, you infiltrate them, you you spend some time in there. And eventually, if you think that you have enough rapport to go to the owners and at mints, and that's what the shock. That's how you do it. There are sites like theme swap, swapped. I also visited black hot world and Reddit. Black hot world sounds bad, but it's not. It's just a chat forum where people are discussing selling profiles. There's a lot of hacking going on, but not more than what we do around here. I would say my experience was that it was complete crap, as in, there are people who building specifically communities to be sold, and when you go in there, you realize there's no real members. It's mostly bots. It's not really relevant. In the best case scenario, there'll be people who like pretty pictures of kittens, and there's no value to because it's not narrow enough for your niche. So I spent a couple of months looking through a lot of offers, speaking to people, and realized it was not the thing. The way that it worked for us is I went on Flippa, where we bought and sold properties before and especially right now, with tariffs and economy slightly being on a downslope aging. Thanks for getting me to do this. Let's say you have a drop ship website, right? You have a drop ship websites. They've been selling whatever it is, dock car seats for the past two or three years, and over the time, they built a profile, they built social following. They have a Facebook group, they have an email list, they have all the stuff. They have an Instagram account, but the profit is nothing. So when you purchase a dropship website, it's probably based on profitability, and when you take nothing and you multiply it by three, you get roughly nothing. So you can get, actually a website with all these other domains attached to it as properties where, where the price is pretty small. There's a rental alternative to this, if you don't want to spend money up front. And something I may have done it if I thought about it earlier, is, instead of putting money up front and purchasing a Facebook group, you could probably make an arrangement with one of the admins that, hey, you need monetization. How about you know, we're legit. We're not selling something people hate. Give me an opportunity to post twice, three times a week, and I'll be paying X dollars per month, because we were starting a Amazon brand for dog treats and supplements. We found a page that was related to dog rescue. It had 110,000, active members. There was a lot of comments. It was real. Engagement was there. There's people are talking. It was a page, not a group. Another mistake. It came with a Clavia account with 62,000 emails, which sounded amazing, great value. The only thing is. That the previous owners never used the Clavia account, so it was very stale, and eventually we had to take some action to rejuvenate it. But we did end up saving 25,000 emails from that, and there's a small IG account and Tiktok and so on, which added value, but not really valuable to us, and we got it for a grand I difference between a Facebook page and a Facebook group. A page is, you know, Michael Jackson fans, or it's like a person that you know that you're following. It's your old high school buddy. And the difference between a page and a group is that you would normally not go on the page. Specifically, depending on engagement that a post on the page will get, it will show up more or less in your feed. So if a page posts something and people start reacting it or commenting, or some sort of engagement is happening, then it is most likely going to show up on other people's pages. The advantage is you can advertise to a page so and it's very inexpensive, because your audience is small, it's targeted and already like and follow your page. And therefore an ad that goes to to a page is very inexpensive. You cannot advertise on a group, but a group is more relevant, and one mistake that I did was getting getting a page versus a group. MDS is a group. It's more than a group, but on the Facebook, content that somebody posts generates a lot of engagement. People will like, comment, respond, there'll be heated discussion and so on. So it's more valuable to Facebook as far as signals to the algorithm. So it is great for discussion. And what you want for your brand is discussion. You want to be able to come in and say, you know, my dog is sick and has diarrhea, and I don't know what to do. I'm concerned. What do you guys do when something like that happens? Somebody else comes in and says, Well, you should need some probiotics, you know, or fiber and so on. And there's a discussion of that, and it's really valid to use a brand you this post here, one of our first posts generated something like 18,000 likes, and it would have been probably 2000 likes, had I not spent 60 $69 on advertising. So what's important is that if you have a message or post that you want to reach a higher audience on the page that is yours, you can boost it with ads, and it's very inexpensive. So you can see that it's 0.003 per engagement cost, and that if you're talking about a top funnel advertising where you're generally trying to get your brand awareness, then getting 429, impressions, with 240,000 reach is pretty inexpensive. For $69 you cannot get that sort of money online. Um, some of you may disagree with this, because it's uh, varies a lot. But if you were to ask chatgpt what the average CPM cost on cold Facebook ads are it will be anywhere from 15 to $30 per per 1000. So CPM, on your own page, the cost will be about eight cents. So I can very easily take a post, promote it, and have all 110,000 or more, because it's not only shown to the people who are following the page, but maybe they're friends and so on so forth, and it's very inexpensive, where we initially failed was not understanding who the audience is, because the person who clicks on a sad picture of an old dog that needs a home is Not necessarily a person who's going to spend money, so empathy doesn't convert into dollars. What we wanted was dog lovers who were responsible, who really liked their pets, who were thinking about their health and demographics seem to work in that. In the end, what we started finding out with time is that a lot of these people are old on fixed income. They can't afford it. Maybe they're a little bit too old for the generation of supplements. And a better way to not repeat the mistake would be have a deeper dig into who these people are, what they're talking about, what's interesting them and so on. The idea of garland, semi success was that, are they dental professionals? Yes. Do you have a dental product? Yes. But what do they think about fluoride? Can you. Find a group that's more aligned with your interest. So if you're doing something like that, make sure you understand who these people are and how your messaging your brand, and where you're going with this is going to align in the end. And something I already mentioned here is that empathy doesn't mean sales. A post like this, which says, if the treat you choose for my pup help the local dog shelter, would I buy him? And you get, you get people saying, yes, absolutely would. And then we go ahead and we find an actual shelter in Florida, and we make a deal with them, and we make sure that we are legitimate and everything is great. And we're telling the same people who reacted to this post, great if you have a dog and you're already buying supplements or treats for them, why don't you buy ours? Because when you do, we're going to send all this free product and free money to the specific shelter. You get crickets. Nobody cares.

Speaker  256074:40
So we kicked the ball around for a couple of months.

Speaker  257280:00
And what does work? I created this pretty cool idea I

Speaker  259696:00
was talking to Nate about it last night, where we have a video say I generated. It's just a gif from beginning of the video where the lady says, Hey, do you love your dog? Do you know what they're eating? Your the food that you're feeding your dog may not be good enough. Let us have a free nutrition checkup, and we'll let you know if there's any gaps in the nutrition. We created a form where people are telling us everything about their dog, how old they are, what breed they are, we get their email, all the owners, email, name, and then they ask a few other related questions to their nutrition, if there's any kind of health issues that they have. And then they take a snapshot of the actual nutrition facts of the food they currently eat whatever it is, in my case, feeding Kirkland Signature kibble you take a picture of that, we feed it to through a semi sophisticated system to chat GPT that generates an email and sends an email out to them and tells them, you know, you really did well here, and this is amazing, And based on your breed this, they should be getting but they should have a little bit more fiber, or like probiotics, we recommend some probiotics, and you should do this and this and this. And if you don't have time to cook, here's a supplement. It could help your dog. And then that's all feeds into a series of six emails, depending on the issue that the doc has. So if doc has digestion issues, they get one type of email set if they're getting if they're old and have hip and join mobility issues, then there's a different kind of set of emails they're getting. We only started it a couple of months ago, but there's over 1000 people who submitted the form, and they're getting our emails and our results. You we are running ads on Facebook, but we also posting it as post on our page, so we don't have to run ads for it initially, because we're getting the traffic all the time, another way to get results when results are very scarce is to use many chat, or do it via VA. And we're doing it via VA with the help of many chat is so to generate engagement, engaging content, because if people are going to go and comment on the post. You can respond to the comment or you send in a message. So this is a post that generated 45,000 likes last week, and it received 900 comments. So our VA goes and messages people and I offer, for example, they can, we can. We can say, hey, seems like you love your dog. Thank you for commenting. Here's a link for a free nutrition checkup, and that gets us their email address, the breed of the dog when they were born, if there's any issues with it, and so forth. So

Speaker  310469:20
another way is to get your ranking through good old fashioned rebate. We don't frame it as rebate, but any person who commented or was engaged with one of our posts, we can approach them in a manual way through VA, who's who's on it all the time, and say, we're working with a brand, and we can see that you are US based dog owner who really cares about the dogs. We're working with a brand who would like your valuable feedback. We're going to give you opportunity to purchase a product for free. We. Give them money up front, or we rebate them, and the only thing we want from you is to fill out the simple form. How easy was it to find the product? What were the ingredients that were important to you, and things like that? But in the end, this is a form of search, find, buy, which gives us some ranking, and also it definitely, on average, gets you more reviews and so on. When I spoke to Joel, we talked about attribution, meaning that, how do you measure results? And measuring results is very difficult, because when you're doing it organically, naturally, nobody's putting an attribution link. It's usually a normal Amazon slash DP or whatever it is. So it's very hard to point out that action A went to result B. But first of all, we understand on any kind of marketing, you need multiple touch points with the same customer, and people who are following your page or who are in your group are going to be hearing constantly about this product that will be recommended from different points. And referral has strength and something that Joel said that while there is no clear indication of where the traffic came, he can definitely tell that the launches were done through a group that much more successfully than the ones who did it. The key takeaways is you have to have to have a clear understanding what the group is. You have to make sure that the audience, demographically and otherwise, is aligned with what you're doing. Definitely try to find a group versus a page. Don't try doing it too quickly. Something we're doing right now is that in our team gave marching orders to select a group of dog related, dog nutrition related groups, join them all provide value consistently as a part of a homework, and plug in the product where it's important, and that didn't require Any kind of money up front if you're providing value, just like in MDS, you're building relationships with people, you get an insight into what customers want. I found that after joining several dog nutrition groups, I got an insight that otherwise wouldn't. I can see what top down, what people are talking about, what's bothering them, what kind of price point is expensive, what brands they recommend, what do they like about my competition, and you can extract that information. It's very valuable. That would be all. Thank you.

Speaker  368026:40
Anybody have

Speaker  368944:00
who's got a question? All

Speaker  369328:00
right, thank you. I know we talked about this for like, half an hour last night already, but it's two hours. It was a while, but I'm still curious. It's an interesting strategy. I like the idea of, it's kind of like short cutting, like the brand growth with it, if part of the strategy is like having multiple accounts in the group, kind of like, seeding questions and seeding answers. Can you get a lot of the value without even needing to buy the group? And then is buying the group is like, the real benefit there? Just like, you can, like, like, put ads in the group and stuff like, what's like the benefit of buying the group, you can just kind of control the conversation.

Speaker  378021:20
I think it's possible to simply have a team that joins multiple groups and has discussions, and there's value to that, but if you own the traffic, you the rules in every group. Many of these groups are owned or started by other brands. You cannot direct a narrative if you were going to just dip in and suddenly start pitching your product in there, so you're just not going to have the full control of it. That's all

Speaker  386384:00
so early on. When I first started my brand, like, I was just in, I have a RAM rebel and so I was like, just in a RAM rebel group, fifth Gen rams, like, for my truck, just to see, like, what other lift kits, other stuff like that. And when I first launched my product, I like, I was just like, hey, like, me personally, I was just like, hey. I like, I'm selling these dog seat covers, if anyone's interested. It's like, designed to fit our same trucks. And then I get tons of people. And even now, I'll see sometimes when people are like, Oh, I just got a dog. What fits other people in the group are like, Oh, I bought this rough liner. And so I just, you know, being naturally, just myself, I feel like, and And then sometimes, every once while, in other groups, someone will be like, Hey, I just got a dog. Anyone got a car seat cover? And I just, I don't even say it's mine. I'm just like, oh, I bought this one for my truck. They're like, Oh, I love it, or whatever. So I do think that the group thing works just as being. Like an engaging person of yourself. You know you could create a persona too, or just be just your genuine

Speaker  401952:00
self? Well, I'm doing it myself. I just understand that I have 24 hours in the day. I'm not going to be sufficiently scalable to this, right? So if you have several conversations, if you have a team member, like 10 team members, and all of them are generating this kind of conversation, but you're targeting very specifically in your niche. They're definitely your customers. You know where they live, as in, this is a geographic like, This Is Us customers. These are dog owners. And then over time, you you generating this real brand presence that normally happens organically, right? Yeah. People are talking about something saying, Yeah, I tried this product.

Speaker  412154:40
Is great. Have you tried any discount codes? So one thing I did for the group is I was just like, here's a code, like, just for the group. And so is, like, that way, like, the admins wouldn't pull it, because I'm, like, adding value to the group, like everybody in the group, anyone that wants to go buy, you

Speaker  415850:39
know, here's, I think every group is different, and some are very militant about who posts and what, and some are very flexible. So you have to figure out where you can do that.

Speaker  418047:59
Yeah, did you talk about buying, like, complimentary brand that's less profitable and just selling supplements instead of some other dog shit? I mean, dog stuff,

Speaker  421248:00
I don't think that's for sale. There's no market for this.

Speaker  422229:20
No, I mean some other dog accessories that are maybe much more, much less profitable than your product. And just acquiring the whole email base and everything,

Speaker  424565:20
what I noticed specifically to dog niche and supplements and all, there's not a lot of brands for sale, simply because it's a parts of the market that does really well. There will be a lot of stuff for sale that that's not doing well, but normally, at niche is growing, so it's very difficult to find something that's that's out there. I've been looking to buy a brand specifically that is very directly relevant to us, but I haven't been able to find anything. Able to find anything yet. So if one of you is interesting in figuring out our AI nutrition checkup, or any kind of version of it where you're trying to get people to fill out a form and get an automatic response to your email and build this, I know exactly how to do it, because I made it myself. And I also have a not a VA but an upward guy who helped me perfect it. I'll explain to you how I did it, what technology I used, and I'll give you a referral to the upward guy who do it for you. And then last slide is, the second one is, maybe Joel will be useful to you. Is, I found this app called Debbie, and what it is, it automates half of what I just discussed in a very easy way. Basically, you log in using your or whoever's Facebook profile, you join the groups, you tell the app which groups you want to monitor for which keywords, and then it has a dashboard where it tells you this is a group, and this is the post that mentioned this keyword. So probiotic for dogs was mentioned here. You can go respond. You can automate it with AI to respond for you. I haven't tried doing that. I don't know how valuable will be or how genuine it will sound, but the VA that's working for us, who's on this project, it's a tool. I forget how much it costs. I'm like, 60 bucks, I think, which is not cheap. But instead, you could be in 200 groups, and your VA will be aware of which posts are relevant to your subject, to your comment, to where you can go and you.
