Women of MDS Monthly Call
Date: October 30, 2025

Speaker  00:00
The theme of the conference in September, doing

Speaker  912:00
with it

Speaker  1184:00
was 25 years, you know, and that was what the CEO talked about, was the how they made the decision 25 years ago to allow third party sellers. So that's kind of

Speaker  5104:00
the the whole deal.

Speaker  5845:20
I mean, we're gonna do all the things I asked us to do, but I wonder what, what the point of it will be. Do you have any idea? No,

Speaker  7877:20
I actually really haven't had a chance to dig into it. It's on my to do list. I was too busy worried about everything else.

Speaker  10997:19
Yeah, I got I got that. How's everybody else doing? Everyone's muted and and off camera?

Speaker  13178:40
Yeah, that's kind of weird. So Amy, there's Sharon. Hello, there's Lisa. Okay, all right, cool. Hi.

Speaker  16112:00
I'm new to the group, so hi, nice to meet you guys.

Speaker  17136:00
Welcome Lisa. I'm

Speaker  17584:00
also eating lunch while we're on okay call. So I apologize. I have

Speaker  18400:00
my I have my lunch in front of me too. I kind of like 10 minutes goes like I'm starving. I have to grab something.

Speaker  20208:00
Lisa, where are you? I'm in Scottsdale, Arizona. I have two businesses that I am, right? So I have a weird situation, not like all of you. I work for a company called card on ventures, and card on ventures owns multiple businesses, so I'm running two of the brands. One is a beauty brand, and one is called Cardo Max, and it has, it's like, electrolytes and energy pre workout packets. So I sit in the owner seat, but I'm not actually the owner. That's okay.

Speaker  31306:40
Welcome. Glad you're here. Thanks.

Speaker  31914:40
I'm happy to hear. Yeah, I bet

Speaker  32416:00
you have a different, different perspective or interesting information that you could also share with us, just because your situation is unique.

Speaker  34735:59
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I hope what I've been doing for them is just helping business owners grow their business from a business like operational perspective for the last five years, but now I'm in the weeds on this e commerce business that I've never done e commerce before, so that's new, but I know how to run a business.

Speaker  40597:19
That's good. That's real good. Okay, so agenda was Jennifer, if I remember, what do we want to talk about first fourth quarter plans, or what do you want to do whenever everybody kind of go through and introduce themselves real quick and talk about what we're doing in the fourth quarter, or any issues with getting ready for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, or anything they observe for our deal days? I think we lost Jennifer. Okay, so why don't we do that? What are the Why don't we go around real quick and have everybody just introduce themselves and talk about what they're getting ready for here in the next, you know, six weeks. Does that work for everybody? Okay, all right, okay, why don't you what, Lisa, why don't you go ahead, since you started us off, why don't you go ahead? So

Speaker  56613:19
what I'm doing in the next six weeks, yeah, just

Speaker  57333:20
what are you doing for Black Friday, Cyber Monday? Is there any issues you want to make sure we discuss on the call? Anything you're saying, that was deal days, etc.

Speaker  59802:40
So we one of my brand is on Amazon and Tiktok and Shopify. So I think for the car, for carto Max, we're probably going to do like, 20% site wide discount. We just acquired this business. So I am a little nervous, because last year, the owner did 50% off, which is way too much, and there's no way I'm going to do 50% off site wide, so I'm just going to do 20% but I'm I'm hoping that my current customer base doesn't get like angry because they're expecting something that they've been grandfathered into 10 so Tiktok will probably we increased the prices on our sales and then did a 40% off. So it's 40% off on Tiktok, and then the other brand, we're going to do a 20% off sitewide also. But I'm wondering if that's going to be like kind of industry standard. Or if other companies do 30% off or do they like, what are the percentages off site wide that people usually do? And is 20% enough because it's

Speaker  77530:40
specifically for Amazon? Is 20%

Speaker  78474:40
enough specifically for the website? So if we do paid media, and we do organic media, and we promote with 20% off site wide, not necessarily Amazon. Amazon will probably do we'll probably do 20% off Amazon too, but I feel like if we do more than that, it cuts into our profitability. And so 20% is a good number, but is it good enough for Black Friday?

Speaker  84688:00
Anybody have an opinion? I have an opinion? I have an opinion, but I don't want to jump in. Anybody have an opinion on that?

Speaker  86965:20
Do you all? Do you have any deals, Lisa, or just, you just like coupon and discounts?

Speaker  88261:20
So our body on the great question. So the two of two brands, one is the body. I mean, the the cosmetic beauty brand, that one, I'm going to do 50% off all body product. Part of that is because I want to get rid of the body product and not sell it anymore. So that one will have a bigger like discount. The other one, I don't have anything. I was just thinking 20% site wide. But I'm open to ideas, because we haven't actually solidified anything yet. So hmm,

Speaker  97136:00
anybody else? Any thoughts on that? I mean

Speaker  98176:00
to me, um, it depends on, like, what your goal is like, for my brand is a consumables brand, and so, like, we're skincare as well, and people buy from us every month, like, regularly, and so for us, offering more than 20% off really never makes sense, because people will just buy six months worth of product and then not write back to us again, like, yeah. Like, I don't know. To me, I'd have to know more about, like, what your goal is to know, like, what kind of discount makes sense? You know,

Speaker  107418:40
ideally the goal is really to get new buyers, in which I know starts before Black Friday, like I know that starts now with advertising and with our paid and our organic content. So ideally, we're getting people in the door as new, but we also, I don't know why I lowered I raised my hand. We also have a subscription program for one of our products. It's energy packets. So really getting people to sign up on a subscription program could also be a really good goal for Black Friday for the hartomax brand. So sorry,

Speaker  118469:20
so that you're so then you'd like 40 off if you got the subscription.

Speaker  119557:20
Yeah, it would be a higher percentage off, like subscription if you sign up. Yeah. Do you have

Speaker  121941:20
any actual Do you have any deals running, like a de, like a deal

Speaker  122629:19
day? No. Should I?

Speaker  123914:40
Well, I guess it depends on, is it too late Dana or that depends on what you will

Speaker  125066:40
qualify. If you want to talk about Amazon specific, there's a couple things depending on your brands. One is, I would just caution you, just because I do kind of know you're new to this stuff, you you're regarding your Amazon deals, you cannot have everything else substantially lower, same exact product, substantially lower on Tiktok and your GDC site than Amazon or Amazon will take your listings down on Amazon. Though

Speaker  132144:00
they're all the same price. The discounting is different because the MSRP is different, but the actual like sale price is the same.

Speaker  133605:20
No, I understand. But during discount times your discounts, you can't have something discounted to $10 on your DTC site, and it'd be $15 on Amazon, they'll take your listing down. Gotcha remember that it can be different items. It can be different bundles, but if it's apples to apples pricing, if the algorithm goes out and sees it, it'll take it down. Just so you know, if

Speaker  139738:40
it's not Apple dapples pricing, they'll take it it's not

Speaker  140410:40
Apples App, if it's, if it's an exact item in the omni channel strategy of E commerce and Amazon is more expensive, yeah, and they find cheaper prices elsewhere, they'll take the Amazon listing down.

Speaker  144656:00
Got it,

Speaker  145008:00
without questions until equalize the price. If it's different stuff, like if you have a two pack on Amazon, but you have a one pack somewhere else, so you have a different combination, it doesn't matter. Does that make sense? Got

Speaker  148400:00
it? Yeah, totally.

Speaker  148752:00
So the way deal days work is, if you qualify for deal days, you can still sign up for them. So the deal days for everybody probably knows this, but Amazon, Black Friday, Cyber Monday is starting November 20. It's starting exactly a week before Thanksgiving, and it's going from November 20 to December 1. It's going to be 11 days. And the only way you can be a part of deal days on Amazon is if you sign up. Deal days are all 11 days, and you have to be a minimum of 25% off. So it's $1,000 and that's kind of the deal. And you can still sign up if you qualify, but you have to go in and look to see if you qualify for them or not. The only thing we noticed differently in October deal days versus before, is Amazon made a screaming red label on your Eisen that said deal days on it to differentiate the people who paid the $1,000 and have 25% off. So that was top of search everywhere and massive amount of traffic, massive amount of sales if you did that, for the other people who didn't do that, or who did coupons or whatever, did not fare as well. So it's very clear that they're going to favor the deal days and the screaming. 25% off red box for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Do you have

Speaker  171050:40
an average of how much better they did than the other brands? Like, did they do on average, 25% better, 50% better? Like, do we have any statistics on

Speaker  173194:40
that? Not specifically. No. I mean, they're not going to share that with everybody. Yeah, yeah. Okay. But the other thing that we noticed in deal days, I don't know if anybody else noticed was that there was a lot of traffic. The things that had good deals of 25% or above, we noticed a lot of purchasing. But it was, it was, there was no big, big, big ticket purchases unless there were deep discounts. People were going in and canceling, subscribe and saves if the discounts made the things better and bought them. And then it's interesting, the behavior we're noticing. I don't know if anybody else is noticing this, which is we're putting, we put special Add to Cart promos and all of our clients accounts at right after deal days to see if people were just browsing and putting things in carts. And what we kind of observed statistically is that there's Matt a lot of our brands have massive people searching specifically for branded search and specifically for our brands products. And going up substantially, but then they're not purchasing it. So we can kind of extrapolate that what they're doing is they're loading the carts and they're waiting for black they're waiting for November 20. So we can see that across the board. But, yeah, it was really interesting. But like, literally, we did more in the abandoned cart for a couple clients in like six days last week than we did running it for like five days before deal days during deal days and after deal deals, like for 12 days during that whole deal day thing, we ran abandoned cart. We did more in six days in abandoned cart than we did in those 12 days in October. So people definitely do not want to buy unless there's a discount.

Speaker  204538:40
What did you do for abandoned carts? When you say you did something for abandoned carts, what does that mean? What did you do? Did you email them and tell them,

Speaker  206538:40
Oh, no, you can't email them. You have to. It goes into the you put a coupon in the banded cart, that when it goes in their cart, they get, like, a discount if they, like, go buy it. Got it? Yeah. So, yeah. So it's, it's really kind of interesting, what's going on. Everybody's kind of waiting. And the other thing we've done recently, I don't know we'll let someone else talk, is we went and looked at the demographics in Amazon of who are the in order to anticipate the possible impact when the military doesn't get paid and the food stamps don't get paid. You know, all these people now don't have money to eat, and quite frankly, all the people who do have money to eat. A lot of people go volunteer and do stuff and do stuff and reallocate money and donate money. What will how they impact shopping on Amazon? What we did to counter, that was not used to counter, but to kind of anticipate what may happen is we went in and everybody's Ad Council has the demographics of the people who buy your product. You have it by age and by household income. So you can go in and your product and see, like, what's the average household income of the people who buy your product? And quite frankly, if they're above a certain threshold, there's kind of almost like two classes right now, people who have money and don't seem to be affected by anything that's going on, and then people who don't have money. And so if it's above a certain threshold of annual income, we re targeted. We asked people to re our clients, to re target social media posts and email posts, and driving into it and doing a bunch of stuff to target, you know, the people who have money to be able to shop on Amazon versus where they normally would target more middle class and above, like, if they're a particular client, we have their average household income of their products, and that's a beauty It's a beauty product as well as, like, 150,000 or above. So I basically told them, like, up the quality. Stop making your posts like middle class and above. Target it as a more target your post as a more elegant, like this beautiful gift box you can buy this beautiful gift cart, you know, this kit you can buy with, with the with an Amazon link and whatever else, to make a more elegant or more like a beautiful gift kind of thing like to cater to the 150 or above versus the middle class and about like they normally do.

Speaker  246309:20
Oh, that's really good advice. You're right. Dana, it's haves and haves, nots. That's where we're at, correct.

Speaker  247893:20
Yeah, yeah, interesting. And if your product is something everybody needs, you know, and it's less price, you know, like your products. Jennifer, I mean, your prices aren't, you know, like, hundreds of dollars. I mean, if it's something everybody needs, or something that's could be more than stocking stuffer and some of that. So people are gonna be looking for like, gifts $20 and below $10 and below. Like, just think about like, what happens when people start to go like, you know, food becomes tighter, rent becomes tighter, whatever. I mean, think of all the military families. I mean, you know, think of 43 million people who are, you know, have food stamps and whatever. But 70% of those people are working class people. So 70% of the people who get additional food benefits are working people, who are single mothers, disability, elderly people, and 50% of that's children. So if they're if that money is going to be reallocated, you know? Yeah, so it's just, you just got to think about, like, what's going to happen if the worst case scenario happens, who's buying on Amazon and what are they buying? So depending on what products you sell now, it's kind of depressing, but

Speaker  267066:40
that's that uplifting question. My God, all right. Well, I mean, it

Speaker  268266:40
kind of sounds callous to look at it that way, but you know, you got to kind of go like, yeah, what are we going to sell? And what's the demographic of who you're selling to? And quite frankly, if you're selling products to people, you know, who have money, then there shouldn't be an interruption, but people are definitely gonna be looking for deals. What I would say, and I would warn everybody, is, if you don't have deals going on, and I mean substantial deals going on, you will not be having a great time in sales, because people are going to be more motivated than ever on what the discount amount is and looking at the competitor next to you, and they're not going to care that you're a higher quality product, or that you you're better ingredients, or whatever the hell it is, it differentiates you. They're not going to care if it's a $5 difference and it's the same apples to apples, and you both have good reviews. And this has 25% off, and you have 20 or you don't, whatever they're going to buy, the less expensive thing, they just are that this is a unique time from that perspective.

Speaker  288170:40
Casey, what are you doing for q4

Speaker  289282:40
are you asking me? Yeah, well, we, I we, as far as the best deal, Lightning Deals, we're very, very active on a normal day. We have Lightning Deals every week we have, we'll pick one product, you know, they change the fee is make it easier for us. We just, you know, we run it. And for Black Friday, we have, we secured a couple with Q to four products on best deals. But, you know, it's quite expensive. Probably we're just going to choose two to run it in a q4 I'm introducing new products. It's not the best time is the products gonna be here mid December, and Chinese New Year, you know, is February. If it goes well, I don't have time to buy it. Reorder. So, but, but it is what it is, right? So we are, that's one thing, new products. And I also think I want to tap into Shopify the I mean, we are, you know, you know our group, we're often talking about the challenge, but I just have to do it, to test it, to understand it was the what's the formula for me? And we go from there, very low. I didn't even set the sales goals, you know, maybe 1% the first, first phase. But understanding what should look like, what apps should I get where the traffic has come from and testing, you know, I haven't maybe test a little on a meta ad or something, and we can go from there. Yeah, I we do have a small amount of traffic from tick tock, Reddit, I had a conversation with Chad. Chad GDP are saying, this is where I am. Do you think I'm ready? And you know, this is how large my newsletter. Do you think I'm ready? If I have realistic goal, just testing out make a baby step we go from there,

Speaker  326405:20
are you running any deals?

Speaker  327653:20
Yes, on the we are running deals every week, at the October 7, you know, 878, those. We can put on lighting deals or best deals. We just do price discount 20 or 25% we did, we did two. We did, I think 2.5 times, you know, on those two dates, I don't know that's normal.

Speaker  337040:00
Casey, what's your, what's your, can you share with a group? For those of you don't know, you what your what your brands are, what you sell on Amazon?

Speaker  338640:00
I'm in art and I'm in arts and craft. I'm Nepal, so arts and crafts, yeah.

Speaker  341600:00
So, hmm, you know, you reminded me with your newsletter, Casey, one of the things we were we drafted a bunch of different types of letters for everybody. And one of the things we're doing is, so you know, when you when you send traffic to Amazon, off Amazon and Amazon, you get 10% Amazon page, you back 10% right? So what we did is we drafted a bunch of emails for a bunch of a bunch of our clients, targeted emails that said, because everything's starting now, people are starting stuff now, like people all over everybody starting to kind of feed the monster for the holidays, and so to send out a letter that's to your if you have a big email list, to people on your email list that haven't ever bought from you on your DTC site, or your DTC site or wherever else, like your newsletter, like if you if you know you have a like a list that people haven't bought from you before or haven't bought from me the last year, or whatever. However you sort that email list, you send an email out now, and that says, like, next week, that says, hey, get a jump on your holiday shopping because, like, everybody's advertising holiday shopping now, even before Halloween, and because you know you subscribe to our newsletter, or because you, you know, you've, you've, you know, been interested in our brand in the past hit, we'd like to thank you, you know, like a custom email, here's a 20% discount link for Amazon. And so basically, all you're giving up is 10% because when they click on that, they go into Amazon, you'll be able to track the attribution link, but you'll only pay 10 and Amazon's gonna pay back 10% and to do that now and then a follow up email in two to three weeks. It says, Oh my gosh, thanks again. You know, for your ongoing support, whatever, whatever, if you took advantage of our last email discount, please remember to go leave a review and let us know what you think it really helps other people. This particular case, it was a product line where parents would make decisions really helps other parents keep informed on how to buy our product and what to think you really are helping out other parents and the commute parent community. Please leave a review. And then, you know, if you didn't get a chance to take advantage of the last email, here's the link again. And so to do that, you know, like this, like this coming week, two weeks later, and then you're going to go into Black Friday, Cyber Monday. There's just something we're doing with everybody to try to get everybody rolling and to try to capture people. So just remember, you think you're given 20, but you're not. You're only given 10. Yeah.

Speaker  388496:00
So how does Amazon know that you're giving them. How do they know to give you 10% off for that traffic.

Speaker  390421:20
You create attribution links with inside Amazon. You create them in your Amazon account, and it's just, it's per social media. So you create a special attribution link for an email, then you put that embed that email, but you have specialized attribution links for everything, Tiktok, Instagram, email, whatever.

Speaker  395930:40
Can I ask a question to the group? Because my like, my brand, like I said, is skin care products, but there were really mostly for acne, and like, people do not give each other acne treatment as a holiday gift. It's, like, insulting, you know, if you're like, here, I thought you could use this, it's just not. We don't have a lot of holiday sales. We always offer sales to try to, like, capitalize on just that, like buying people just get into buying stuff, you know? And they and sorry, my dog, of course. So anyways, I'm wondering if any of you, you guys are also have a brand that is not like q4 is not a big quarter for us, actually cute. This summer is the biggest time of the year for us, because people want to show their skin and not have acne. Like, what do you do? Any of you guys have brands that aren't big on q4 sales. And what do you do for offering sales? What do you do to try to keep things going?

Speaker  412378:40
Adult acne? Or what kind of acne? Kids? Acne, adult teen.

Speaker  413306:40
Most of our price point is around $30 so it's like a little expensive for teens. Usually our custom our customers are between 25 and 45 so yeah, adult acne. We are wondering if anybody, oh, sorry, I

Speaker  418656:00
have a bunion care product. It still, surprisingly makes stuffing stocker or stocking stuffer lists. People still buy it. I don't know if it's like our branding, our positioning. It's supposed to be more like fun and wellness than just like, here's this thing that's wrong with you. So I don't know. Maybe trying to position it as a stocking stuffer.

Speaker  425029:20
How do you position I'm so curious, like a bunion product as a stocking stuffer.

Speaker  426709:19
We do a lot of photography of like, it in actual stockings. Amazon also like helps us out a little bit by we rank for those keywords. We like bid on those keywords, like women's stocking stuffer type of stuff. And they've given some good traction for us.

Speaker  431578:40
Yeah, totally. Like, I put toothbrushes in everybody's stockings. And I would buy my husband bunions, like I would always do, like, stuff, healthy stuff in stockings.

Speaker  434000:00
I mean, you run out at a certain point, you can't just do candy and like, right? I don't know jewelry. You have to do something that says that they're a unique individual.

Speaker  436272:00
That is true. I'll put, like, socks in my kids stock, like I always do practical stuff in my kids refills

Speaker  438165:20
of stuff they already have. Yeah,

Speaker  438789:20
stocking stuffers is a good angle, as opposed to just like a gift, which is that would be a little weird. You have

Speaker  440517:20
like a trial size, or like a little trial kit, or a travel kit, or something like that that you can make, like a stocking stuffer.

Speaker  442037:20
No, we don't have trial sizes right now. I'm thinking about it isn't, I'm surprised, Sarah, isn't the cost per click pretty expensive for like, stocking stuffer. That surprises me that you'd be able to that wouldn't be super expensive.

Speaker  446554:40
It's not terrible. We do like women stocking stuffer, so we do target it a little bit, not just talking software.

Speaker  448864:00
Generally, the keywords right now, we saw a huge shift this week. So all the keywords shifted. We tracked them last week to this week. Across the board, they they went from being very specific like girls this, or women's this, boys this, men's this to gift for, like, the gift, all the gift terms lit up last week, like people started searching last week.

Speaker  456693:20
Yeah, I'm looking at your stuff right now. Leslie, this stuff looks good. Like, this is a great stocking stuffer. It's probably not a gift, but it is like a solid like, the packaging is pretty and, yeah,

Speaker  460058:39
Leslie, she reminds you. Thank you. Sarah, I put in patches in my kids talking stuffers last year as a stocking stuffer. It just came to my brain. I did it too. So me too.

Speaker  463082:40
What's your brand name? Leslie,

Speaker  463482:40
almond clear. Yeah.

Speaker  464560:00
I mean, I'm a teenager. I put acne stuff. She's 16. I put acne stuff in her stock. Yeah.

Speaker  465744:00
I mean, the easiest that we have, a 30% of our sales come from Shopify, so that's easy to activate there, and I'll look into search terms for stocking stuffers. And yeah, I guess we need to change up our creative

Speaker  470597:20
I would just tell you, too. I know you said it's for teens, but I would tell you that we have a high end, high end household, 150,000 above household, high end teen skincare products, and part of it's acne, and it's you wouldn't believe what we do in November and December.

Speaker  476426:40
Yeah, huge.

Speaker  476890:40
So I don't know the big key keyword term for that is we just, I just, I just looked at it yesterday. Is teen? It was, I can, I can go back and look, but under actually, let me see if I can look. I'm on the call. Let me look where someone else chats, because I just pulled keywords yesterday. Leslie,

Speaker  482432:00
are you on Tiktok? Yes, we

Speaker  483072:00
are. Do you

Speaker  483472:00
target teens on Tiktok specifically with like before and afters?

Speaker  484768:00
I mean, we post tons of before and afters on Tiktok, but I don't, I wouldn't say that we are, like targeting teens in particular.

Speaker  486981:20
When you said your persona is a little higher aged. I mean,

Speaker  488021:20
right now, we're just working with a Tiktok agency that, like we do like 250 free samples per month in exchange for content, and then run ads off of the best performing content. It's funny. It's so funny the niches that pop up that people also use the products for ingrown hairs and, like, right now we have, like, literally, a stripper that's talking about how amazing the product is that's really popping off. Not so much the teen category, but no, yeah, we haven't targeted teens specifically. I'd have, I wonder how, like, what we would do to do that, I guess have younger people in the before and after photos.

Speaker  499168:00
Yeah, older teens, you know, 1617, 18, you know, whatever. Yeah, get that. Some thought, the biggest, the biggest keywords. This was yesterday, actually Tuesday, under gift, the biggest that we were looking for. We're looking for this kind of teen boy. Girl category is gifts for Teen Girls, gifts for teen boys. That was the biggest one under gifts as an example. And then it was like, best gifts for teen boys. Teen boy Christmas gifts. And then, literally, that's what we've targeted for this acne products. To give you just perspective, under stocking stuffers, it was teen boy stocking stuffer, teen boy stocking stuffer. Let's see stocking stuffers for teens. Then under Christmas was teen boy Christmas gifts. Christmas gifts for teen boys. Teen boy Christmas gift. The particular product started with being a boy product. So it's mostly was geared towards boys but, but those are the example of the long tail keywords that are the top trending keywords under already. Those are like, the ones that are like top but still reasonably priced.

Speaker  519269:20
Thank you. That's so helpful. No problem.

Speaker  520453:20
Sharon, what are you doing for q4

Speaker  521077:20
Well, right now I'm trying to get rid of the debt inventory, because the long term storage is killing me. So the last few weeks, we've been running buy one, give one free for 50% off. We just end it today and reduce it to only 20% and for Q, for Black Friday, we have only the PED 20% off on the debt inventory, the good sellers will also run it, but if we're low in inventory, we don't do it. And my question is, if the Black Friday event starts like on the 20th, if we do it earlier, it'll be starting now last year we took Dana's advice. We started early. Oh, we did so well. But this year, if you start early, that's, that's like a 10 days from now. Yeah,

Speaker  537093:20
you can't, you know, you're so funny. You said that last year, we all started early. We were talking about that. Then everybody started early, even though Black Friday, Cyber Monday on Amazon was Thursday to Monday, we all started that week earlier. Remember, we all started that Friday before. I think Amazon caught on Sharon to our trick, so they started themselves early.

Speaker  541978:40
So we can't do it anymore, because

Speaker  542954:40
our way of doing it early was those emails I told you about. That's how. Okay, yeah,

Speaker  544112:00
yeah, yeah.

Speaker  545120:00
What's going to be weird is, who the hell knows how it goes. But like, the weekend before Thanksgiving, who the hell is thinking about shopping? Right? Everybody's traveling to go to where they're going to go for Thanksgiving. Everybody's trying to figure out how to cook. Everybody's trying to figure out what, like, you know, it's, it's more people get together for Thanksgiving than Christmas, historically in the United States. So, like, everybody travels, so that weekend before, like, if you think it starts on the 20th, which is that Thursday, you know, people are be shopping for their last minute Thanksgiving things, right? Oh, I forgot this. Or I forgot, you know what I'm saying, like, whatever they forgot. But then it's like, you don't like, mentally, you don't start to think, like, maybe that week, you start to think, yeah, okay, some shopping. But then I don't know, it's gonna be really interesting to see what the behavior is going to be. Should

Speaker  558970:39
we make it the PD or go away when people are not busy shopping, just you can't set the price so it disappear,

Speaker  562048:00
right? You can, yeah, you can. You know, yeah, I don't. We're not. I'm not saying that's right or wrong, but we're not at anybody's stuff. We're doing, whether it's deal days or peds or special coupons, when we don't, when we're not doing deal days, or when we're doing, like, gradual peds, like we're doing, like, maybe it's only on that Thursday, it's 15% and then, or 10% and then leading up then, then for like, the busier time, you know that Thursday to Monday to 25 or 20% You know that's what some people are doing, but it really depends on the brand and your traffic.

Speaker  573866:40
Now, to your point, Sharon, pretty soon it'll be, it'll be Black Friday, Cyber Monday month. We'll

Speaker  575066:40
just talk in December 1 Exactly.

Speaker  575690:40
It's so stupid weird. It

Speaker  575994:40
is weird. It is weird because pretty much statistically, What's so weird is people did in in four days in Prime Day, making Prime Day four days in July versus two days. They did the same amount of money in the four days they did in the two days. So that was a waste. Deal days being two days. The only thing difference we saw with deal days is deal days, for some brands, was actually better. So they actually did do pretty good both days, but it was only two days, so people kind of got to jump on a lot of like everyday items. It was mostly a lot of everyday items. It wasn't a lot of Christmas stuff. It was like everyday item stuff. So it'll be fascinating to watch. What the hell's gonna happen. A lot of us can be fascinating watch. Fascinating to watch how what's gonna happen with the economy the next week is gonna impact things too.

Speaker  589114:40
Does anybody do any special Christmas drops, like things just for Christmas?

Speaker  591962:40
I have, I end up with dead inventory.

Speaker  593520:00
We do a few seasonal prints on products to try and stay just like products that are variations, to try and drive traffic that keeps our main product on top of like best seller categories. So we have a sock that is traditionally like number one or number two in the category, and so we do variations on that that are Christmas themed and designed to sell through before the end of the holiday.

Speaker  600565:20
Yeah. Okay. What's

Speaker  600837:20
the name of your brand? Sorry. Jennifer zentos, z, E, N, T, O, E, S, okay, cool. I'm gonna go buy some things.

Speaker  604154:40
Yeah, no kidding. Like we all should support each other, so I'm curious. So like, you, you you under order, right? To make sure you run out, right? Yeah, okay, cool. And do you find that people will buy the sock and then, then you'll upsell them to something else. Is that? How that is that the purpose of that funnel

Speaker  609648:00
we haven't really looked at if they buy something else, it's more like we want them to buy. They may buy another stock later in the year, but we just want that traffic from that variation that would otherwise go to competitors to be folded into ours to keep that best seller tag. Yeah, got it.

Speaker  614101:19
Okay, yeah. And we do, Jennifer, you know, I think I told you, we do a bunch of specific bundles and kits sell really well. Kits, bundle sets, that's not virtual, actual in the fourth quarter with a bunch of clients, so that, because that sells, people love the idea they can buy a box. It's already in a box, and it's a gift set. And, yeah,

Speaker  620458:40
well, to you to that point, we are doing four bundles, because it, because of you, because you said, do it, and we're trying it. So I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping for the best.

Speaker  623258:40
Yeah, you need to go put another thing too. Is make sure everybody goes and puts bows on everything, right? Yep. So make sure you go put like on the brand store page, put like gift giving, you know, and then put like, a little bow. Or then, like, you can't put a bow on the main hero image because it's against policy. But what you do is we add an alt image underneath. That's the hero image with a bow on it.

Speaker  629456:00
Okay, so we put that at the last slide. You should, that should be the second

Speaker  630373:20
image. It should be the second because, like, it's like, the first image you have to keep clean. You add the second, exact same image, but you put the bow, or you, like, you know, like, for and then gift giving, because the second image you can write stuff on right? So giving, put a bow on it, make the second alt image the gift one, because you can't make the main one. And then on the brand store, make sure you put, we put a gift, we put a gift, like a gifts tag, like a gifts, gift sets or gifts on the brand store, so that it's there. And then the brand store title itself. You put like a bow on it, or you put like a box with gifts on it, you know, and then on the gift set bag. So we did it on the sets, sets a CTS, if you have sets of things, the sets one, and then the gift giving one, you know, is like, holiday with the red bow. You know, you don't want, you want to be like, buy a lot of stuff too. So you don't want to be specifically Christmas, but,

Speaker  645973:20
yeah, got it okay? Because

Speaker  646405:20
Christmas Hanukkah, it's all the holidays, right?

Speaker  646997:20
Yeah, right. Just give, just gift giving, gift tags, yeah, uh huh. Got it, okay, yeah.

Speaker  649493:20
And everybody's starting to do that now, literally, we're gonna start. We normally would never put that up before? Like, November 20, like you said, Sharon, like, we wouldn't put it up until, like, the week before. We're literally, we've already put up some of them, and we're going to put the rest of them up next week. Like, literally, I cannot believe we're going to put the gift boxes and the gift bows and everything on Amazon next week, but we are,

Speaker  655642:40
yeah, I was somewhere Oh, anthropology over the weekend, Friday, I think it was all the holiday stuff is out. I'm like, oh my god, it's not even, not even Thanksgiving. Yeah, that's crazy town.

Speaker  659360:00
Tis the season. Well, what you have to remember is Thanksgiving is literally a week later. So normally, Thanksgiving happens and then you have a full week of November before you go into December. So there's normally four full four and a half weeks before Thanksgiving and Christmas, normally and this year, because of the way the calendar falls, Thanksgiving is the Monday after Thanksgiving is December 1. So retailers are losing a week that they would normally have. This happens like every whatever number of years. So that's why Black Friday, Cyber Monday starting November 20, because historically, you know, Thanksgiving would be a week earlier. So that's why retailers are jumping that's why everybody's jumping early, too. The other thing that may fuel Amazon, just as an observation, is retail shelves are pretty bare. Observation the way things are normally loaded up, they're not my observation at targets, Nordstrom Rack, we went into TJ Maxx and a home goods. I was just, I was on a mission to go see what retail was doing. And, you know, went to see where people would go, you know, like a lot of the, I mean, the big retail stores have, you know, the big name brands, high end ones have stuff, but the ones that a lot of people go to to pick up, like stocking stuffers and knick knacks and that stuff, if they think, you know, money's tight, I'll just run to home goods, or I want to TJ Maxx, or I'll run to Nordstrom Rack or whatever. Especially target shelves are pretty damn bare target, and they are not loaded up for Christmas yet, which is really unusual. And, yeah, inventory extremely light. We went in for a holiday dress for my daughter to TJ Maxx, because, you know, they have, they have dance like, every five minutes. And I'm not going to go spend a million dollars on dresses they wear one time, and they had nothing. Billy, no holiday dresses yet. Wow, which was really weird. So that might actually help Amazon. So people go to retail to try to buy stuff, right? And they can't find stuff. It may help Amazon. I don't know. That's just my own little economic test.

Speaker  697477:20
I'm curious too, with what's everybody doing regarding your advertising spend over this? I don't know, 180 days like the Black Friday, Cyber Monday set. Are you reeling back your ads because there's so much traffic? Are you? Are you gonna Pump? Pump it?

Speaker  702826:40
I've gone really conservative on advertising. I didn't introduce any product, this new product this year. So growth, you know, I didn't have any growth. I think I come to believe that, you know, I reached the mark, what they call a marginal efficiency advertising help me. Sales may get me all some orders here and there, but the profit gonna be gone. So with the with the agency, we have a goal on tacos that go by. They manage everything go on there. On holidays, I can get sales. But, you know, early this year I had a good, you know, 15% top my taco is a high. So 15% last month went up 18 because, you know, the agency make money on the sales, on the advertising sales. They cannot say, oh, yeah, we need to expand our campaign structures were optimized. That 3% more on advertising Didn't get me 3% of sales. So I go back to them saying, you tried it, you didn't work. So I want to go back to 15. I want to be and also, I think for me, is I invest so much on new products. I need profit. I need to pay somebody. There's beyond me. There's I need to pay to the team. And right now I have a more ever in my Amazon business, I have a more team members in America, which is expensive.

Speaker  729365:20
That's interesting is that, is that new for you? Casey, more US team members. Is there a reason for that?

Speaker  731562:40
Yeah, because we're, we're doing a lot of content, video content that they need someone speak the English, and you need someone understand the product, you know, is, you know, the back, you know, the tech people, is all you know, overseas, the marketing, you know, they need to understand crafts. They need to understand my product. Yeah. So more than ever, yeah.

Speaker  739648:00
So, Sarah, what are you doing for your PPC over the holidays?

Speaker  741104:00
Um, I'm not sure. I know we are making a big profitability push right now. So we've rained in our PPC, and that's, I mean, that's just kind of the state of things. There's so much uncertainty that we don't want to spend more cash than we need to.

Speaker  746229:20
Are you sales stables? Are they? What are you saying with that push

Speaker  747210:40
slightly year over year? We did launch some innovation this year that failed, so that's a drag on on profitability overall. But sales are up. Sales in our we're in Walmart target CVS, those are doing really, really well. We're beating our forecast there. We're like, 60% right now in comparison to Amazon, which is, we're missing our forecast there by a few percentage points every month. How

Speaker  753872:00
are you does your in store retail lean into Amazon? Or does Amazon help you with your retail? Like, are you seeing it? You're seeing the benefit of both. I think

Speaker  756656:00
there's benefit to both. I mean, especially when we're competing with, like, the factories that are selling so much cheaper than us, I think there's some credibility in being in brick and mortar.

Speaker  759797:20
Yeah, are you also on tick tock? You said

Speaker  760421:20
we are our tick tock isn't doing that well, though,

Speaker  761285:20
same. I

Speaker  761621:20
can't tell if it's like, we turned off our ads because it was just bleeding money. Yeah, I can't tell if our social media person, just like, isn't connecting with the trends, or if it's really that hard out there right now. Like, we have foot care products, and people talk about feet a lot on Tiktok, maybe not, like, in ways that are helpful to people actually buying foot care products, but like, the keywords are out there, like people are talking about feet, we just can't seem to connect on Tiktok. And I see all these stories of people selling a ton via Tiktok, but that has not been our experience

Speaker  771024:00
yet. Yeah, we are just now breaking even, and it's just, it's incredible expenditure of time and money. And I and a friend of mine goes, Oh, break even is great. Most he has, most people actually lose money. I'm like, is that true? Because I see you hear the same story as you're hearing,

Speaker  774917:20
yeah, no, we were losing like $10 for everyone we were bringing in. So we finally paused the ads.

Speaker  776421:20
Break Even is a good MDs, Tiktok, you know, there's a, you know, web thing about a 20 people in that group. Nobody's profitable. They use tick tock as a brand exposure. Yeah, nothing is okay, that that's sure should be our goal. But they use this for brand exposure. And then the traffic go to Amazon, the overflowing go into Amazon, that that's their play.

Speaker  784448:00
You know, it does seem to be true. It's interesting to have an 18 year old son and he bought some things. I'm like, I'm like, I said, You're not shopping off tick tock guy. He goes, he goes, Oh no. He goes, I go to Amazon. So he goes, he doesn't have a trust on tick tock. So he's like, just like, oh. So that seems to be true. Then, like, that was thought very interesting, and he's like the Tiktok age, right? Yeah,

Speaker  790933:20
too. Dana, didn't they just connect Amazon to Tiktok? So now, if you're on Tiktok, you can buy through Amazon on the Tiktok platform. I've been seeing something like that. You

Speaker  794133:20
can't buy through Amazon. Amazon can back and fulfill Tiktok for you and ship in three days. But what happens is you can, if you're just doing brand awareness on Tiktok, you put, again, an attribution link on your Tiktok, and it sends you to Amazon. So that's what the you know, that's what I'm seeing more and more profitability wise, is what people are doing is using Tiktok as brand exposure, and stick the attribution link on Tiktok, and then make their 10% from Amazon by sending all the traffic to Amazon. Interesting, though. Jennifer, same thing, my 16 year old, all they watch all that Tiktok stuff. And then she comes to me and says, Mom, I want to buy these things on Amazon. It's trending on Tiktok. Yeah, to buy it on Tiktok, they, they, and that's this Gen Z that these are the ones that are, you know, looking all that stuff. And they're, they go and buy it on Amazon as a trusted source, but they get the trend from Tiktok. So really, from, if you look financially, if you have a tikt presence, and you can, you could just do content on Tiktok, pay some advertising, because you got to get some advertising, but then put constantly put attribution links into Amazon to buy it. It should make money faster and actually make money, because you can track how much, if you put the links is going from Tiktok to Amazon, you could see what Amazon pays you back and what you buy. So you could literally see, like, Okay, I spent this much on Tiktok advertising, but it got me this much on Amazon sales. Don't they

Speaker  818672:00
kick you off of Tiktok if you put a link to like, have them buy off the platform. Like, don't they frown upon that? No,

Speaker  820656:00
not if you don't have a Tiktok store.

Speaker  821424:00
Oh yeah, but if you have a tick tock shop, you probably couldn't do that.

Speaker  822517:20
Yeah, I don't. I'm not known enough to know the rules of that.

Speaker  823893:20
The reason you know, if you're working with a creator that they want to be that older transaction on tick tock, because they get commission if somebody offer tick tock, they can't track their sales, right? That's why they want they want transaction on Tiktok. I changed my approach a little bit right now, I don't know my role really a success. What's the map should be? Roadmap for me, we work with a lot of the creators, some working, some not working. And I'm building up on my own store page, nitpile.com, if you want to take a look. So we constantly produce a content. Yeah, one word. So we constantly create a content, so hopefully that we get a following we're doing Tiktok live, then we will build that momentum. So if it is a creator that brand awareness is that creator, they sort of remember the product and name. They don't always remember. They remember they fall in that creator. So I want them to follow Nick pal, then I can try. I can direct them, you know, to my website, to Shopify, to Amazon, whatever I want to direct. What you're doing

Speaker  846922:40
is brilliant. That's what everybody should do. And you're creating your own community first, which is the that's the be, all, end, all, right, if you look at every successful company creating your community, which is what you're doing, so that you're the brand and you drive, that's, that's, it takes a long time, but that's the, that's the golden egg, right? Thank you.

Speaker  851936:00
It's expensive. Jennifer, did you find me on Tiktok? Or were you looking

Speaker  853728:00
No, I was, I was just, I was, I'm just somebody asking, because, like, we, like, I said, we are, we are just starting to break even. And it's interesting. And I just, as someone said, Oh, to keep at it. So I really, he goes, Yeah, that's if you just get to break even. Then, then it all splashes over. I'm like, Okay, I guess

Speaker  858549:20
are you to track on the on Amazon side, see if you have a more brand searches. That's weird.

Speaker  861002:40
I want we have not compared. I will look that at that. I so I just, I think tick tock is a whole I saw. I want my I put my head in the sand, to be honest, because I just, like, I don't want to, I don't want to learn that too.

Speaker  865280:00
No, I think what you're saying, like, as if, since you had your Tiktok awareness has your, has your brand search increased on Amazon. Because, yeah,

Speaker  867776:00
I don't know. I think, thank you, Casey. I will, I will ask, I was the appropriate people to look at that. It's again, head in the sand, everything else there is to do, and that's not the thing I focus on.

Speaker  870821:20
One thing regarding influencers, everybody should be taken care of, or taking being aware of and doing is, is everybody doing creator connectors on Amazon? Because that's Amazon created their own. Has a director their own, Amazon influencers. So, you know, the people who like they go and publish on their top 20 things to buy for stocking stuffers. But then they're like an Amazon creator so their plate, they'll put their like, you know, they'll put one of your products, and then it goes back to Amazon. So creator connection. The only bad thing about it is you have to manually run it, and you have to have someone who really knows what they're doing like about your brand, Casey. So what they do is like your marketing people all the what we find is that if we put it at 15% like, I think the minimum is 10, you can offer them. If you put it at 15, you get a higher quality level. And so we've done that as a test lately, and what's happened is, you go in and you look at who's wanting to whatever, and you just you can you can say, Yes, you everybody's gonna ask for a sample. We don't send samples to everybody. Only select people do we send samples to. You have to go, when they apply on Amazon, you have to go vet them yourself, go look at all their social media stuff. And then if you say yes, then they just become part of it. And if they go and sell, then you pay them. If they don't sell, you don't pay anything. But what happened was, because we put one at 15% we had this one awesome creator that had 4 million followers actually say contact and say contact outside of Amazon for 300 bucks, they would go post for the holiday season, and they have 4 million followers. I was like, Yeah, that's a no brainer. So she happened to be like, a really good one, but you'll get those, and then if they want, they allow you to contact them off Amazon. Is even better, because they can deal directly with you in the brand, and you can talk to them about stuff and maybe make a deal too. So I definitely recommend it. Did you

Speaker  902261:20
not feel that was weird that you did it? No. So is that becoming more normal?

Speaker  903877:20
It's normal for them. It's normal for the bigger ones to actually say in the thing, here's what, here's who we are, here's where our things are. We have 4 million followers. We love your particular brand. We'd like to feature it in our holiday thing. It would cost you three cost you $300 if you want to contact us outside of Amazon, here's your thing, because you can't contact any of them unless they give you their information. That's how Amazon set it up. But they allow, Amazon allows them to give you their information.

Speaker  911370:40
Oh, great. Okay, all right, cool. Like, you could,

Speaker  912240:00
like, if she just was there, but didn't, didn't give her contact. We couldn't reach out to her. Got it, okay, but because she, she gave us the ability to reach out to her. So that's their control. The influencer, cool,

Speaker  916128:00
okay, that's good to know, yeah, because, yeah, don't, I mean, isn't, isn't the whole deal is we want someone posting all the time. So we want these creators doing it, yeah, for a month, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  918565:20
And some of them sign up and do nothing, yeah, no. Like, you know, we could get 100 and we might send samples to two of them. Like, you know, you got to vet them all, right? It's all manual. There's no way to do it other than manual. Assign people to do it.

Speaker  923162:40
We have two minutes left. I thought this was really useful. Is there any lingering questions that anybody has

Speaker  925594:40
no my Walmart account, most of the products are in error state. It's a compliance issue, and Walmart just don't reply. And I heard other people also has the same issue that that this nothing we can do. They're a nightmare. Our sales all of a sudden picked up, and everything's going down. And for PPC, we the TOS worked well for us, so we increased the TOS proportion and try to lower the PDP and the rest of the page. It's working pretty well.

Speaker  937893:20
Okay, cool. Well, thank you, Dana, for all your wisdom and knowledge, as always girl, you always show up with so much information. And I really appreciate everybody being here again. We are really getting back on our monthly calls. This is I find it so useful, and I like to see everyone's faces and keep building our community. So we're gonna do this in November,

Speaker  943226:40
right? Like a week before we originally said November 20, which is the day of the kickoff. Do we want to leave it November 20?

Speaker  944794:40
November 20? I don't know. I do the week before. I think it should be the week before. Yeah, the 14th, right. Okay, yeah, I'll change it. So everyone put this on your calendar that we're gonna do the 14th. I think that makes the most sense. Okay?

Speaker  950069:20
Yeah, it'd be the 13th. Actually, 13th, great, before the week before the 11 days of curiosity. What happens

Speaker  952565:20
curiosity? I like the days of curiosity. Dana, let's just call it that. It's amazing. That's what's gonna be amazing. All right, thank you all very

Speaker  955194:40
Take care. Bye, thank you. Bye.
