4. Lindsay McCormick
Date: November 27, 2025

Speaker  1360:00
Kat, okay, cool. So I just joined MDS. I'm really excited. I have. I started my company in 2018 to make sustainable. Oops, oh no, it's all good. Oops. Sustainability easy and look good. I started in my living room with $6,000 in savings. We're bootstrapped, and we started from a viral video on Facebook back in the day when Facebook was the platform. We're primarily subscription. We'll do just under 9 million and just recharge subscription, recurring, right? That's not one time. Purchase is not Amazon, it's not fair, it's not Air One. It's none of that. It's just that that's my business. But that has really also put me into a pigeonhole, which we'll talk about, because I'm really protective of my subscribers, and it meant I didn't go on Amazon, I didn't go on Tiktok, because I thought I would cannibalize My background is TV. I was a surf instructor. That's what got me really I've always been interested in sustainability, but then I got into TV producer. I wanted to make nature documentaries. I ended up doing branded segments and shows. So if you watch House Hunters or House Hunters renovation, sometimes they'd be a little branded segment in there. I would shoot that, so they're using Sherwood Williams paint or something like that in the episode. That's what I was doing. Then I started my company. We went viral. Recently moved to Miami from LA. So anybody there, please, let's hang out. And I love all things in the ocean, and I have been traveling more the past year because I was working too hard the past six so so early wins that were free, and this is on Tiktok, so I kind of I hadn't included that in my presentation, but from yesterday and today, kind of talking to everybody, I realized that that was very different. Where different. Where I'm coming from a DTC background, and kind of trying to get into the space that you guys are all already experts in. And so when people are asking about Amazon or PPC, I have zero idea. But then you want to talk about like Kat LTV. I understand that. So we started posting in 2020 because we're, we're, you know, visual we make toothpaste tablets, so that's our product. We were on Shark Tank for it as well, and we got on it really early. We had 1.3 million views, but no sales. So we saw the opportunity, and we were if you look back at our Tiktok, our early videos did way better, and they were all very weird, really, in the niche of what we were doing. We, like, kind of looked at Tiktok to have fun, and we saw meta as serious. And so we grew our propeller account really fast to almost 70k It was actually over 70k we've we've lost some as we have not been posting. But that was, and that was just my internal team, and like, just screwing around, like, just trying to have fun. So in April 2021 we sold out of whitening gel. We have a whitening gel on our on our website. We have no idea why that happened. We were all trying to figure out what happened. Oh, shoot, I have it. Her name is Paige. Paige. She had organically posted this video of her. I did, and I didn't put it in there, but I can tell you who it is, but she's not. She's a true organic affiliate. This was before there were affiliates. She posted it literally sitting in her car, just being like, this is the one whitening gel that worked for me. It sold our entire stock out. And this was back in 2021 so you would think that that means I would double down on Tiktok, but I didn't. Meadow was the main driver for our business. As I said, we're subscription and then iOS 14 happened. I don't know if you guys are super familiar with it, but that sucked, and Tiktok was still unpredictable. So I decided to focus all of our time in figuring out meta, and we totally just went dark on Tiktok. We no longer were posting fun stuff. It was just exactly what was coming from meta onto Tiktok, and Tiktok really just stayed very stagnant. And that's from 2022 to 2024 that's what we continue to do. We were still focusing on our subscription customers, which is honestly still our bread and butter. It's what's keeping us afloat, and what's the base of my business, and growing highly targeted specialty retail, so on fair and everything, but this is a really hard product to sell on retail. When you're next to cheap toothpaste, it's just it's just weird, it's different. So online is way better, but we do have a retail presence. And so then in 2024 Tiktok shop launches, and we decided to re enter the platform, and we didn't know up from down, so we started throwing money at it. My entire team was meta. Like that was our whole thing. They knew meta. They were very highly paid. Well, not very they were highly paid. And we just kept throwing more and more money at different agencies, at different ways to do it. We were spending, like, hundreds of 1000s. I got the numbers like $147,000 on, like, Tiktok ads, and we had like $6,000 in sales. It was insane, but we kept doing it because I was like, you want to crack it and so and so just the 100k is just on agency fees. That's not even on the advertising that we were spending. Um. Um, so that's on the agency fees. Two different agencies, they got us 475 videos over the course of eight months, and we had 7000 sales. It's like impossible. I don't even know how it was so bad, and we have a viral product. So I don't, I truly don't understand why that was happening. And then what we got wrong. So agencies didn't understand our customer, our mission, or how do I speak to our brand? So we've all kind of talked about this. You talked a lot about this in your thing, and I had actually tactically learned it. They were doing this spray and pray. Pray like Mega blast. We are sending out so many, sorry, samples. No one was posting, and then it wasn't resonating, like we just spent a ton of money because we're a shark tank brand. So we were, like, getting all these shark tank creators, but none of them were converting. Like, I know the neuro gum guys. It kills it for them. Our customers different. We're a woman, like, our customer is a woman and so, but we just kept on doubling down on these bad choices. And it's honestly, it's because I wasn't paying attention. I was just kind of, like being like, I don't know this space. I'm gonna let these guys know what they're doing. Like, they must know more than me. And I think, like, now, stepping back, and especially after this weekend, I was like, Man, my intuition on most of the stuff was right. I should have just done what I thought the whole time. So spent a lot of money. But luckily, none of it's fatal. Okay, so another note, so there's, like, some edits. I was I did this on the way back from Japan. I was very jet lagged. So right now, we have 52 affiliates in the discord channel. We actually have, that's, I've switched this. That's what I was telling you guys about. We're switching that to WhatsApp, which is way better. I wish we were started on WhatsApp. We've now had this little like in like, some people are on Discord and some people are on WhatsApp, and luckily, we're smaller. Luckily, we're small enough that it doesn't really matter, but I wish I would have started from WhatsApp from the very beginning, we have 447 videos that we got out, and we already are at 13 GMV in sales, which I know is not impressive, but at least we have a formula that's slowly growing, and that's what's important to me. So that's kind of what we're trying to do. Our whole strategy now, is kind of what everybody's saying is going after really targeted demos on Yuka, or more targeted demos, and really cultivate that, that affiliate group. And here's what didn't work for us, outsourcing creative external agencies who knew Tiktok, but not our customer. That was like, create a PHY and then highly produced videos. There is, if you go back on our Tiktok, you'll see these videos. We shot them. I, like, made a whole set in my my house. We were doing, if you guys know the brand, cheers. They're another MDS brand. Love them. Love Brooks. We were Brooks was like, very helpful. Me trying to make these videos as well. They did not work for our customer at all. Right, so, but we wanted to test these different things of so then another thing that we're testing is a podcast style. I set up. I set up like a podcast thing, and literally, I'm going to interview Pilates instructors. I don't care who it is, I just need someone across for me on a mic that we're making ads from and we're making content from. So I set that up, and I like, literally, it's in my in home office, and we rented an office space in Miami, specifically just for the esthetics. It looks really nice, and I want to have it as like a character in our videos

Speaker  130319:59
on that. Do you is that to post short form content of the because someone was saying it was a hack somewhere where they said, All you need is a studio. You don't even really need to be interviewing someone. You just have clips of you then, then back to B roll of you talking about your business, making it feel like a podcast, legitimizes it.

Speaker  134821:19
We tried, we tried. It looks a little fake. Oh, work.

Speaker  135589:19
For some reason, is like when it's just one person, it doesn't work when it's two guys or two girls. It sometimes would work. It almost always works when it's a guy and a girl, for some reason, so cool.

Speaker  139114:39
That's great. And like, the way the who we're targeting for this is, originally, we were like, Let's target people with big audiences. What you just seen a warm body in the room responding to you. That's it. And so if you have, like, a Pilates, local Pilates instructor who will sit down and talk to you, you can be like this, if you know, because we're in clean living, you know, what is it like to be this, this, this, and then gets the questions that you want use that cut that up. Now I'm going to try with a guy that's a great idea. And then random affiliates. Even with high GMV, we paid, we did the thing where we paid a lot of affiliates, and it was not it was so bad. And then my internal team with a meta only background, I was really, really, really hoping that they would adapt. But honestly, meta at one point was just so so efficient, and people were paid so much. And trying to get that team to pivot into something new and to think about things in different ways, I spent a lot of money trying to upskill them, and it unfortunately didn't work. So then what's working for us, the hybrid agency internal model with generalists. So that's my new way of looking at things, any higher than I make which I'm going to be using. That the corp thing that you said, making creative in house. The biggest thing that I've been working on is that content flywheel. And actually, to make it super easy, with my team, we have a shared a. IPhone album with my editor. And so what I do is, while I'm filming, like, even today yesterday, I just upload it into that. Because I'm always on the go. She takes what she likes and she puts it into Dropbox. So if there's, like, if there's good stuff, if there's bad stuff, like, she's sifting through it and then downloading it onto her iPhone, then using her iPhone to put it in Dropbox, I don't have to deal with it. She's editing it and posting it. No, that's so I have a video editor and a social media manager. So the video the Social Media Manager is kind of helping come up concept ideas. She's like, talk, you know? So I just, I was in Tokyo. She's like, do 48 hours in Tokyo. So what I did is I showed bite in one of the onsens, right? I mean, it looked like bite isn't an onsen. And so I just take that video, and instead of trying to put it in Dropbox, because I was always the bottleneck, I instead just take all of it on my iPhone, I put it into a shared album that the three of us are on, my marketing manager, my social media manager and my video editor, and the three of them are responsible for going through it. Then if they like it, they put in the Dropbox. And then when it's in Dropbox, they use it to edit so we have, like, really perfected this, like, very tight turnaround. We have Tuesday mornings. We have a meeting together where we talk about the concepts for the week that we want to make. By then, they're made over the course of the week. By Thursday, end of day, we are approving those videos, and they're going to be posted over the weekend or on Friday. So we have a four day turnaround on these videos, and it's been so we can be very quick and reactive to things and so and like, we've just started this right. So it's like, but we're, I want to get that muscle shark founder and Shark Tank content. But as you guys said, Shark Tank doesn't convert. Or, as I had said, Shark Tank is not converting. Not converting, but it's a good attention grabbing thing, targeted niche affiliates, regard of GMV. Obviously, my numbers are super small. You saw it was only 13,000 but at least I know where it's coming from, and I'm starting to kind of figure that out. What we have in a pipeline. Oh So, building the strong community on and off discord that's pulling them onto WhatsApp that I was I was in between when I was making this, whether it was going to be WhatsApp or a Facebook group or whatever. But as I've missed all of the Facebook messages that we had here, I think that WhatsApp, it's in people's faces. They're on it all the time, and then pushing to own our customer on Tiktok with targeted creative and influencer campaigns. So I think one of the big misses that we did is there's a there's a company that's very similar to us called no BS. They do toothpaste tablets, and so we were way ahead of them. They've done a bunch of gray hat shit. But I like, I think what they're doing is very interesting, but we tried to go after their customer, which seems to be male skewing, and, like, not our demo, and I don't know why we were doing that. Like, that doesn't make any sense. Our customer. We're a female fan of founded brand women use us. Women buy it for themselves and their kids and their households, and they don't have that story. So now what I'm trying, what we're doing is like, we're trying to no longer just remake their videos, which were, like, they're very viral, but like, we also know how to make viral videos. We've done that before. And they're different. They're different hooks. They're different everything. So instead of trying to be them, I'm going to try to differentiate from them and try to own our girl and also get her to we're seeing Tiktok and, oh, that's my next slide. So what I would do differently and what it means for you. So this is kind of things I wish we would have went harder from 2224 can't go back, but there it was huge. Miss sleeping specifically because Tiktok does not cannibalize subscription or meta. So one of the most important things I found is that you can put as much money into Tiktok as you want, and it will not cannibalize meta. Because your meta customers are not seeing it. They're two totally different people. If someone sees your ad or your content on meta or Tiktok, they're gonna go to Amazon. Amazon will cannibalize it. Also will grow. But like it will cannibalize Tiktok does not. So if you have a Tiktok shop, you can have a meta shop and it doesn't touch it, doesn't touch it. And I wish I would have understood that. I would have gone way harder, way faster, but I'm really glad that I'm realizing that now, because I'm just going to really be doubling down specifically on Tiktok, even more than Amazon. I don't want to double down on Amazon, because that does pull some of my subscribers, which I don't want to do. I should have built in house capabilities, instead of trying to outsource, wasted a year, we're still on our heels. I should have started way more niche and target our exact demo and try, instead of trying to be who our competitor was, being like, Oh, they must know the space like, I'm going to try to be like them. I wish I would have just taken all my learnings over the years from meta and applied that, and that's what we're doing now. And then thought for you, if you have a Tiktok or Amazon native product, can you niche down and build a subscription version for Shopify DTC and smash meta hard with ads? Because obviously, if you have a subscription thing on Shopify, you can spend so much more to acquire the customer. So whether it's like, I don't even know like what the things are, but if it's like a game and every. You know, four months, there's needs to be a refresh pack. Can you get

Speaker  241088:00
a very light time value? Yeah, limited business,

Speaker  242368:00
LTV, yeah. But it's just like, is there it like, niche, niche down, you know, because that has been the life. And I'm not, I know not everybody can. And we get hate all the time. They're like, Why does everything have to be a subscription? And what we say to them, is our stuff so good? If you run out, you're going to be upset. You just want to be able to get it over and over again and so. And we're trying to make things more like we're trying to build out like our subscriber benefits more where they get every like, you know, three shipments. They get, like, a free whitening gel. They get a free tongue scraper, they and they can see it in their dashboard, like your X amount of shipments away from a whitening gel. This is all through recharge. They just added that feature. And if you want to work with recharge, let me know, because they're expensive, but I can, I can hook you up with their exec team, and you can get a better deal. So happy to do that. And that's the thing. They're entirely different customers, but the flywheel can help. Can help keep Kat in line, and we have, like, a pretty sophisticated DTC tech stack. I'm just learning everything else, but happy to share anything that I can on that front. So that is mine, questions or anything. I hope that was helpful.

Speaker  260287:59
I have a question about the Shark Tank thing. When you're saying Shark Tank content doesn't work is that the whole piece of content is all about Shark Tank. And the reason I asked that is I would have thought, if you drop in Shark Tank as like social proof briefly in videos, surely that's going to benefit you.

Speaker  264341:20
Yes, so that, yes, sorry, so that that's a really good question. Shark Tank content totally does work, like on meta, we're still running ads on that, but Shark Tank trying to target Shark Tank creators or not. So there's like, a whole niche of creators who've, like, really blown up neuro gum. No, that was my fault. They've, like, blown up neuro gum. They've blown up all these shark tank brands, and we tried to go for them, and they it's a dip, it's like, a, it's a, I think that's a lot of like, guys who watch their stuff and they don't buy our stuff. Yes. Yeah. So what we do for, like, our meta ads is we show Shark Tank, and then it's me talking about our values, you know, like, this is why we turned down, you know, Mark Cuban. And this is what, you know. I want to build a brand that you love and that we love and that, you know, and so that does really well on meta. You get their attention, then you say your brand. I've also started to see brands making it look like they were on Shark Tank, not using the sharks, but just like having their photos done, whether it's like AI or what, and it looks like Shark Tank, and it like because we, because I already click on all the Shark Tank ads, and they get a ton of, a ton of things. So if you want to try

Speaker  282005:20
to hack that, like your invite, the creator invites, like we're a short

Speaker  283178:40
paper and no, I need all of these things. And so we have not treated our creators or affiliates or anything the way that we should have. Now I'm learning from here, like we need to treat them like gold, you know, and like we have not historically, which, like I treat my subscribers like gold, but I need to be seeing that actually creators give me subscribers. I need to really be giving my creators a lot more love. So we're gonna build out like that's when I fly eat my manager, and I want to work with her to build out everything for them, for that shopping content. Or do you also post organic for us as a brand on Tiktok, actually, we like, almost only post organic, and we need to post a little bit more shoppable, but it's almost like all of ours is organic. We're trying to retrain the algorithm, because we've been very, I've been like, up and down on organic, and so we need to, like, re train this algorithm, so we're hoping the founder content will help. Yeah, well, I need to do.
