MDS Mogul Call with Liran Hirschkorn
Date: May 07, 2025

Speaker  6064:00
I got guys, hello.

Speaker  7941:20
This time to get hot in New York now, Liran,

Speaker  8917:20
not quite super hot, but yeah, weather's getting nicer.

Speaker  10485:20
You're kind of in a sweet spot before it starts getting too hot into,

Speaker  11306:40
yeah, May, June should be good. Then, like July, August gets a little humid, but, yeah, it's starting to get nice. Better than snow. Awesome. Man, yeah.

Speaker  14906:40
Well, hopefully people are still hopefully. Some people are still launching. I

Speaker  15818:40
I think

Speaker  17008:00
we're gonna have some launches, like for key four. We're working on some gift sets,

Speaker  18928:00
nice, cool. We're gonna talk we're gonna talk about AMC, okay, cool. And I think maybe a little bit of launching. Also,

Speaker  22565:20
with time I've built, I posted the call as like, cost efficient launching based on your like, oh yeah.

Speaker  23861:20
We can. Mansour, you want to cover that, cost efficient launching.

Speaker  25125:20
Cost efficient launching,

Speaker  25493:20
yeah, we can, we can, we can.

Speaker  26293:20
I can. Go over how to calculate the budget, sure, yeah,

Speaker  27562:40
yeah. Let's do, let's do AMC, and then we'll cover the launch.

Speaker  29114:40
The AMC is like, where you're using audiences from AMC for BBC, right? Yeah,

Speaker  30762:40
cool. That's been

Speaker  31210:40
all my things to get things to do list for a while. Yeah.

Speaker  32010:40
Well, now, now you can set up your own AMC instance with Amazon, so you no longer should need like a software or an agency to get AMC access.

Speaker  36304:00
Yeah, I've heard about this, but haven't got routes doing it. So I'm looking forward to looking forward seeing it.

Speaker  37616:00
Cool. Okay, cool. And this is for 12, right? People should be joining, yeah, so

Speaker  39285:20
I just put it on, like the WhatsApp and the MDS app.

Speaker  40133:20
What, uh, what are you doing about tariffs these days?

Speaker  41605:20
Um, I think that most people who don't live in America, are probably shipping DDP and Americans, it depends on their appetite for risk, probably half shipping DDP and half either paying the tariffs or under reporting or or taking a hit. And maybe just think like, Okay, for this container load, I might break even or make a small loss, but it would be worse to just like not ship anything in.

Speaker  49359:59
Right?

Speaker  49711:59
There's rumors that maybe, like a deal is about to be done, because people heard that like OUR Walmart and big retailers started shipping again, but it's not clear whether that's because they know what's coming, or if that's because

Speaker  53472:00
or because they know or because they they don't see something have moved. They

Speaker  54421:20
couldn't, they couldn't wait any longer,

Speaker  54773:20
right? Yeah, and yeah, people said team who started running Facebook ads again and stuff also they like. They paused their ads, and now they're back to running. So I would think that by the end of June, there'll be some kind of deal. I hope so.

Speaker  59930:40
I would, I would hope to at least see some sort of interim deal where some of the extra tiff attack is just canceled out, right? I think that's what happened. There were a couple of last time around, or a couple of small deals like that, right? So your clients generally telling you to, like, slash your tacos, and they all putting prices up. Or

Speaker  65392:00
we've seen some people test price increases like 10, 15% price increases, yes, but you know, Amazon is very price sensitive marketplace.

Speaker  68992:00
Yeah, I haven't seen many of my competitors putting their prices up. I think, you know, kind of hits the really, really big companies the hardest, right? Because, you know, if you're shipping 10 containers a week or something, you can't put it on DVP,

Speaker  74373:20
yeah. I you mean, why it looks suspicious?

Speaker  77098:40
Yeah, I just pranic. It practically wouldn't be possible. And I guess people would work out what they were doing, and it would look bad for them, right,

Speaker  79386:40
right, right. Suddenly, they're moving from, you know, fob to DDP,

Speaker  81632:00
suspicious, right?

Speaker  82560:00
Yeah. So are we starting with the budget, or are we starting with the AMC?

Speaker  84512:00
Let me show you. Let me show you quickly, the post I did to promote this call, which is based on your guys's airtake,

Speaker  86021:20
yeah, what I sent was, was, I guess budget. So I guess, let's start with budget. Mansour, okay, it's like hitting keyword opportunities. Remember we showed we had a, you had some slides around this? Mansour, do you remember which one you remember we had slides around, like, the keyword, where you had like the you have a good you have CTR, you have a good CVR, but not A good CTR. So good opportunity for pushing keywords.

Speaker  98672:00
Also Belen, we should have an extra slide for promoting. Milan, do you have it? Yes,

Speaker  100704:00
okay,

Speaker  100912:00
great, awesome. I'm wearing t shirt, my Denver t shirt today.

Speaker  102373:19
That's happening in August, right? Yeah,

Speaker  103605:20
nice. I've also got my squad retreat coming up in a few weeks, about a month, me and six, six guys Sweden, like our own little organizers. Should be

Speaker  107162:40
fun. How comes most of the Amazon events in Europe are is in Milan?

Speaker  109626:40
Yeah, I did try and, um, yeah, if there's any events in places I want to go, I might try and use them as a way to expense. So I wanted to go to Japan one day. So I'm hoping I know there is an Amazon event in Japan. So I'm hoping that one day I can use that to I can use that as an excuse to go to Japan.

Speaker  115488:00
Hi Franco, Nice seeing you. Hi Mansour, good to see you. Great. Thank you

Speaker  118853:20
very good. So what software are you guys using at incrementum at the

Speaker  120709:20
moment, for what function for

Speaker  121349:20
just Amazon, BBC, management, scale

Speaker  122037:20
insights.

Speaker  122373:19
Ah, join Team. Scale insights,

Speaker  123098:40
yeah, we've been using it for some time, right? Was it, like, probably a year? Yeah,

Speaker  124618:40
awesome, yeah, yeah. I use, I use scale insights as well.

Speaker  126042:40
Yeah, you like it? Yeah,

Speaker  126682:40
we had them on recently. I think the new, you know, the new features, where you've got the keyword tracker now and it it includes all the SQ, PR, yeah,

Speaker  129328:00
pretty

Speaker  129568:00
cool. Conversion Rate delta and like, yeah, that's, that's pretty cool. They

Speaker  130672:00
need to work on how they are presenting that, but it's a good start, yeah,

Speaker  132784:00
what? Because it's not obvious how it works, or because it doesn't have the features that you would want yet.

Speaker  134229:20
So watch that, I guess. Change my airport.

Speaker  135141:19
Oh, is it you would like them to change how they present it, because it's not obvious where stuff is, or because it doesn't have the kind of functionality you want

Speaker  137477:19
yet. No, the kind of functionality I need to see. It's not there yet. Actually, I was in contact with them. I asked them few questions, and they aren't like, okay, it's things like this in their roadmap. It could be much better that. That's what my point, that it's easier to understand and track see what's happening with all the changes. So there are room to improve it, which they are working on it.

Speaker  146336:00
So one of my things I'm looking at, do you guys be your clients? Do you get anything from Amazon business reports? Because from what I can tell, there's good data on Amazon business reports, but there aren't really softwares that pull it off regularly, so things like mobile, you know, mobile to desktop data and a few other bits and pieces.

Speaker  152165:20
We from Amazon business report, yeah, we sometimes look at that actually exactly that decisions from mobile from desktop to understand what's that percentage. But in most cases, the number is similar. I have checked in few time periods, so it's not like on a daily basis you are checking it, because we see that percentage wise, it's pretty much consistent.

Speaker  158922:40
What are you seeing in your numbers? Jamie, mobile, I mean you're seeing, are you seeing more mobile I haven't.

Speaker  160256:00
I haven't been checking it. But basically, Kaylee's saying, why do we never look at business reports? Oh, well, we've got scale insights. And she's saying, oh, there's a whole bunch of data on business reports that isn't on scale insights for anyone at all. So I looked into it, and I think because maybe it's expensive to scrape business reports or something. But yes, I was wondering if I should bother setting something up. But sometimes I wonder if I have too much data.

Speaker  165941:20
Yeah, so afterwards reports, I think, yeah, it's not in API. That is why it's all those numbers. It's not in API. That's why they are not showing up in different platforms.

Speaker  169109:20
All right, so let's do the MDS slides now open. I'm gonna persuade, persuade one or two people to come to Milan today, persuade a few people to use the app properly.

Speaker  172394:40
Well, not today in August, right? No, get,

Speaker  172954:40
get the book, but get, get it booked today. So can we start? If we could Belen, if we could screenshot the slides? I know sometimes some of you don't make a mobile call live, so I want you to go on the app and watch them back. And you can also get other calls as well. You can see things from live events. You know, if you missed anything for a live event you're at, you can just listen to the audio style in the car. You can get it up on your computer, so get your value out of MDS. Next up, Milan, let's go. So everyone I've met before, I would love to meet you again. Anyone I've not met before, would love to see you in the Milan. So MDs, Main Event is awesome. They put a ton of work into it. They're the best, you know, the best value, most fun events. So I really hope you guys can put that in. I think we are running out of places at the main hotel. I've only ever done one event where it wasn't the main hotel, and it's just not as good. You really do want to be at the main hotel, so get that book now, get your flights booked. It's going to be awesome. Next up, if you have a deposit down, you've only got five days to apply the deposit, so let's I think you ought to pay the balance now. So get on that if you put a deposit down, yeah, Whatsapp group. So it's just really me posting on there about mogul calls. So it just means you won't forget a mobile call. You'd always see what it is. I'll tell you what the call is on Monday, and give you a couple of months on a Wednesday, we'll put a link in the chat as well. Partner, original partner, you know, Liran was doing these calls before we even had a partnership program. So, you know, we go back a long time and $500 off the first invoice. So yes, MDS is a tough crowd for an agency to please. Incrementum has got good reviews. Worked well with a lot of a lot of people, so that's a great offer. Thank you. Let's get the recording on.

Speaker  209168:00
Okay, let's get going. Well, we kind of had two topics for this. We'll start off with the launch formula, and then talking about some strategies for keywords. And then we can get into, if we have time, a little bit of AMC as well, which we wanted to cover. There's some I mentioned before, maybe some of you got on that. You can now access Amazon Marketing Cloud without the need for a software partner or an agency partner. You can get it yourself. So we can kind of talk about that and some of the use cases. It's now a lot more widely applicable, because you can now create an audience and then increase your bids to that specific audience, whether it's you know, on keywords, sponsored products, sponsored brand, so more, a lot more use case to to AMC. But we'll start off with launch here with Mansour norozi, who is our Director of advertising and has done a lot of the work to put this together. So I'll let him share a screen, and then we'll kind of talk through things. If you have a question that comes up, feel free to write in the chat. I'll look at that too, and then we can kind of stop and go over any questions you have throughout. We have this template. We can we can give this guys to you if you want. You can always just email me Liran, I'll put it in the chat. I'll put my email in the chat and for any template or for anything we share you want access to, you could just email me. Okay, Mansour, let's, let's, let's hit it. This is one of this is one of the questions people ask us oftentimes, is, you know, how much should I spend launching a new product?

Speaker  240752:00
Okay, great. We have a forum. Can you hear me? Yes.

Speaker  241856:00
Okay,

Speaker  242192:00
guys, very excited to be here. So we have different topics to cover. We want to start with this, as Liran mentioned, how to define the initial budget for launch. This is by far the main question I get from all of our clients. We are also working on a more advanced template that when it is done, hopefully we will have another call or share with you guys, but as of now, so for the launch process, there are few things that you need to have in place in order to be able to understand the launch budget, the most important question is that, what is your goal? So you have a you should have a goal in mind to understand where you want to be. And from that, you can reverse back and get to the conclusion that to achieve that goal, how much you have to spend and what are, what are the metrics and KPIs that you need? So in this example, I'm just going to go over, let's say I'm going to choose anchor breaks, because there are different data points that I have. So we could have a very solid case to study on this. So if I go to Amazon, the main question that I always realize some of our clients, they come to us, but the problem is that they say, Okay, how much budget I have to spend. Then my question is, how many units do you want to sell? What is your goal? If you don't tell me that, I'm not going to be able to tell you here is this much budget to spend, because we reverse back from how many sales you want to generate per day, per day, and from there, we could tell you how much you can spend and what you need. So the first step that we take for any product launch is that, using Data Dive, using helium 10, we go to the category and we figure out that there we want to be in 30 days in the category. So let's say we are looking at top 20 products in the category. They are selling in nine categories. It could be from anywhere, actually I'm going to sort here. So they could sell from anywhere from 16,000 up to 1000 units. So what we do is, usually that we sort the space on the sales. Let's say these are all anchor braces and these are all related to your product. Maybe some of them, they are not. But if you look at these, we have talked to any products here. The first answer that you need is, the first step is that there you want to be here if you want to be on top 10, well, you have your answer. In terms of how many units you have to sell if you want to be on top 20, you have your answers. So there are categories that the number of sales are very low and you could afford based on how much capital you have to be on top five. And it can brace the category that if you want to be on top five, you got to be selling probably 15,000 units, which it's going to be very expensive and probably not, probably it's not going to be possible. So doesn't make sense to be on top five. So in this case, if you want to look at here, I would say, I'm launching a product in this category. I want to be top 20. So somewhere around this area, let's say I want to sell 3000 units in month one. And that is crucial, because you want to rent, right? You want to take advantage of the potential that you have. So 3000 and if you want to be up there, you have to be able to have the same sales volume. So our goal is, let's say monthly, is 3000 units. So that's the first step. We have the goal for the month. We are going to now work back and understand how much per day. We know how much per day you want to sell. So just think about the first seven days you are not having any organic sales. That is zero, unless you are bringing external traffic that you are not covering that that is what you want to do in our advanced template to even kind of include external traffic as well. But initially we have a zero organic sales. So this is going to mean that you need to sell 3000 with PPC. And just keep that in mind, it is just we are doing this optimization, this budget for first week after that, this needs to be changed, because you have the organic results. So from there, the next question that I need to answer is, what is the average cost per click? The average cost per click? It isn't it's a gray area you could go to the campaign. There are different ways to look at it. From data from Helium 10 you have that suggested and Max suggested bits, usually we go with the max suggested bits, or you could add your if you have your product, go to the campaign manager, add the keyword, add your product, and see what is the numbers that you are getting from there. But knowing from this category, the average cost per click is $2 but initially you are going to be higher. I'm just going to go with $2 for the sake of this video, so you have the average cost per click. Now the most important step here, the next step here, this conversion rate that usually are the clients, the sellers, they don't know. And you got to find this conversion rate. So there are two ways to find this. The first approach is that, if you have a product in the category, and you are selling in that category, so for instance, this brand, they sell in ankle brace category, if from Amazon advertising console. If you go to the brand metrics, insights and planning brand metrics, you have your answer. You choose your sub category, and Amazon puts you in, puts the conversion rate for category in front of you. So in this case, it says 14% average conversion rate of the market top is 31% neglect that, because we are not going to be there. But what when you are launching, you should be above this. So for the initial start, we use 14% just to say that, okay, here is our base, but we got to be more than that. But since we don't have really use or anything. We want to start with category median. This is one way to find the conversion rate of the category. In most cases, you might not have any product in the category. So the question is about how now you have to find that conversion rate. Then we go to product opportunity Explorer. In the product opportunity explorer, what you do is that you search for that category. So I search ankle brace find the highest related niche to your product, which is here. This is the ankle brace. Now I'll explain you. I'm going to download two files from here, one from the you know, I think we had a discussion about product opportunity Explorer, and I'm sure most of you know. So I don't want to go into detail of what is product opportunity explorer, but it gives very great information about every niche. So we have the products in this category. I'm going to download this simply, just click on the download from the search term. Also it is showing you the search terms related to this category. So we download this search terms from here as well, before getting to the template. Now I'll show you how we calculate that. Just pay attention here that for products. What Amazon gives you is that it tells you how many clicks you have for each product. Amazing. So you have the number of clicks for products. You can sum this up in the search terms. You have the total count of the search and you have the click share and the search conversion share. So let's go back to our template. I have this template that you are going to share it with you, so when you get this template, just simply clear these two pages. I'm gonna just import the product that we uploaded. So here is the product tab,

Speaker  380810:40
and then we import the search tab, the search CSV that we uploaded. So what this template is going to do, which you can easily make it yourself as well. It's gonna give you the conversion rate. So if you remember, from brand metrics, we got 14% from product opportunity explorer, I'm getting 13 point 56 so pretty close, and it is great start. If you have no information about the category, you haven't been there, it is a great start to understand what

Speaker  389749:20
those two conversion rates normally be quite close, or will they sometimes be different?

Speaker  390837:20
I have, I have tried many categories. They are pretty close, unless you have a category with that. You have so many variations of sizes and designs that might not be accurate. And the reason that actually, I recently realized that the base product opportunity explorer grabs and reports the sales are very close to how search query performance is doing it. So these search to conversions. From my understanding, I haven't confirmed, I haven't died, to really approve this, confirm this, but seems like this search conversion rate doesn't report the sales of the variation. So when the customers are searching, they are clicking and purchasing, if they purchase the variation, seems like it's not reported here, but if they purchase the same product that they clicked, it will be reported here. I'm still not sure about that, but for many of the categories, it is right. I'm just saying that if you have those design related, size related like, let's say you have a standards, right? So many sizes, people are going to go and choose the size that's related to them. Those ones. Just be careful, this might not be exactly as accurate as other categories.

Speaker  416106:39
So just to simply explain what I did, anchor brace, we had the search volume. We had the click share, search conversion share, we had from the report. So I simply multiply search conversion share by search. We get the purchases for the clicks, if you remember from the report, from Prop or gene exposure, if you have the click share for the search share. What I am doing here is that I just sum up the clicks from the products. So if you have the clicks for each product, we say, what is the sum? So it is the sum of the clicks of the category. So you have the clicks, that is what we need, conversion rate. And you can see that you are seeing this number even in the in the search term, as well in the search term, and for all of them. And there are situation you might see this conversion rated very high because it's a brand. It's, in some cases, it's a branded term. So okay, awesome. We have that. Let's go with 14% since you had it, if it is 14% and your cost per click is two. So simply, if you go here to this conversion rate, this is the 14% conversion rate, to achieve the 3000 we have to start with 1400 per day, per day, yes, oh, price, sorry, the price, let's say you start with 30 bucks

Speaker  440437:19
there. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker  440837:20
so you start with 1400 but this is the talk on being reported here. Let me go actually, to this. Yeah, this is the daily This is the daily one doesn't the talk was related to your tacos is very low. And the reason is low. You're not going to get the cost per click off tool for the start. I'm guessing it would be probably four, or something like that. So you can see right away your tacos for the initial is 95% meaning, if your cost per click is four, you want to generate 3000 3000 divided by 30. Well, I didn't need to calculate that 1000, 1000 units per day, right? Meaning you have to spend 2800 per day to generate 1000 units per day,

Speaker  455653:20
per day,

Speaker  456149:20
sorry, 100 units my Yeah, my math is 100 units. Yeah, 100 units per day. And it makes sense, because all those sales initially will come with the advertising, right? If I go down with this number, let's say you want to make 1000 units in a month, then you can see that, okay, now it is making more is more, not more realistic. It is just digestible. You have to spend $1,000 to eventually go to 1000 units per month. So you're

Speaker  465520:00
basically assuming to begin with that all of your sales are PPC, right? Yes,

Speaker  466736:00
that's all, yeah, go ahead. Liran, yeah, no,

Speaker  467344:00
I was just gonna say, right. This is we're talking maybe in the first week or so as as most of the sales are PPC. And then you can start to kind of play around with the organic sales numbers,

Speaker  470725:20
exactly, and this is for just, I would say, for the first week. But it's a great point for you to know how to start and what to look into, right? You have your conversion rate, so you know there you have to pause the keyboards that they are not converting because it's gonna hurt your organic ranking. And also, the way this is gonna work is that, let's say you start with 95% tacos with $1,000 spent. So your eight tacos is gonna go down because over over weeks, because you're starting to get organic sales. And this $1,000 it is high, but it goes down. As you start getting organic sales, you start reducing your spend, because you are now, if you wanted, let's say 50 per day sales. It initially was coming from PPC. Now maybe 10 of them coming organically. You have to generate the other 50. So you are lowering your spend over the period of this, let's say, four or five weeks. But you start with 1000, pretty much, I would say 1000 is the highest, and then you start going lower. This is how you have to plan to make sure you hit your goal of 1000 or 3000 units. Is there any question regarding this?

Speaker  491706:40
You can show also Mansour. Let's say what you know, let's let's say month two, right? What? What percentage do we think you would end up being in terms of organic sales? That's

Speaker  495770:40
a good question. Actually, we had a launch that in a month we went to 30% organic. Yeah, we went to 30% meaning, let's say, 200 units to there. This used to be a formula and 700 is PPC, you can see that

Speaker  504117:20
14, 14% you're on 10% Oh,

Speaker  504661:20
yeah, okay. There you go. From 900 we go to 667 and our top goes from 98 or whatever it was. Then 267 if you, if you go to 500 it goes to four right. So it's pretty much half and

Speaker  510378:40
the ultimately, I think the goal would be also to optimize the cost per click down right. If you eventually got it to 250 does that get you in the right ballpark in terms of like, a more reasonable like, let's say average cost per click here is 251 sir. Let's change that.

Speaker  515152:00
Yeah, that's what exactly. That's what's gonna happen four, because we are pushing for top of the search. But eventually this is gonna go even. Let's go even. Just three you can't see that goes much lower tacos. And this is all the time. What we see is that cost per click is the highest. Your spend is high. Your tacos as high as we launch, it is all of them are going down. And this is what in our next template we are going to do. This is just for first day. We are planning this to do for 30 days on a daily basis. So you can plug in how many organic sales you are getting for the next few days. You could plan out and say, Okay, now you have to spend this much. And this is the plan that you need to do. And ultimately,

Speaker  527450:40
if this is the best you can get, then what you'll probably need to do is reduce your spend somewhat. For example, if you look at like 830 units, right? That first column, you know, you can get it. You can get your tacos down to, like, about the 20 you know, if you get 16% conversion, you can get it down to like, 25% 22% right? I get a conversion rate up a little bit.

Speaker  534325:20
Well, that should happen, right? This 14% that we talked about. This is the category medium. You don't want to be there. You you want to be let's say, at 16% 18% if you are performing good, and if you want to rank properly, you have to be involved that. But initially, the first week you don't have reviews, you don't have anything, you might be even lower than 14% that's usually, that's what we see. We are slightly lower. And then as soon as we get four or five reviews, that's good enough to increase your conversion rate.

Speaker  543098:39
Why does the tap off go up a total unit sold, is it just, yeah, I'm not sure how to calculate being calculated on this.

Speaker  545936:00
So let's go back to zero. So if we go back to the numbers we had initially, it's very simple. They have the spend of 952,000 units multiplied by 30, we have the total sales. So we just calculate the tacos, right? Spend divided by total sales, okay,

Speaker  551285:20
right?

Speaker  551509:19
But Jim, I think Jamie is asking, when you spend less? Why is your tacos less? Because I guess you're, you're assume, you're assuming the same amount. You're assuming higher, percent higher rate of organic, right?

Speaker  555066:40
Yes, because we are spending the lead Well, yes,

Speaker  556666:40
you have the same No, you have the same rate, right? PPC, no, you you have on total units sold the first column 830, PPC, units sold, so you have less than 50% in the first column of right? PPC, of organic sales.

Speaker  562112:00
Sorry, I think I'm

Speaker  562400:00
saying, like, the calculation of why your tacos goes down there

Speaker  563536:00
because, because you are getting, you're getting organic sales, right? So you, as you move on right now, half, 50% of your sales are organic, so you're spending less, plus you are generating organic sales. As a result, your tacos goes down as you right? But in

Speaker  568117:20
the first in the first column, right? You have 330 units sold of 830 right? So that's, that's lower than 50% organic. But you're, you're, you're spending 314 a day for 830 in sales.

Speaker  572762:40
So 314 a day, yes, it would be 314 divided by 830 multiplied by 30. I

Speaker  580752:00
You have about 40%

Speaker  581584:00
if the conversion you

Speaker  582053:20
have about fixed,

Speaker  582277:20
and the cost per click is fixed, you have

Speaker  582917:20
60% organic. Then

Speaker  583301:20
changing your spend shouldn't affect your tacos.

Speaker  584981:20
It should. Oh, if

Speaker  585285:20
you have 500 organic, yeah, okay, fine, you

Speaker  586149:20
have a higher percentage, yeah, higher percentage of organic sales. That's it, right? 60, yeah, about

Speaker  587770:40
right, when the spend is changing your Yeah, okay, so, okay, that's, that's about the budget that you must provide you with the new with this fund, plus the new template that you have now, we want to go over another topic in terms of, okay, this is when you launch and when you select your keywords. You come up with the set of keywords, you go after them for rank. But let's say you have launched your products and now you are growing and you want, you want to find those keywords that have the highest potential for ranking. How could you deal with that? So here is their search query performance really becomes very crucial and very interesting. This is a example from an account. It's a jar opener under cabinet, jar opener. So what I have done here is that I have downloaded the search query performance for a certain time period. So we have the CTR of the market, the CTR of the market, and cdr of the all these CTR and CVRs. They are not in the report search query performance, but you can easily calculate them, because you have the impression of market and your brand. You have the clicks of market and you have the purchases. So just by dividing click by impression, you get these and orders by clicks, you get the CPR. Why this is important. So I took all these search queries on calculating the CTR for the market and CTR for the brand. So what I do simply here is that I see, what is this delta between my CTR and market? Same goes for the conversion rate. What is the delta of conversion rate of my brand or your asin with the market? The data, the data that you see here, is very important, very interesting, because, and you put this in the chart, so here it's the CVR, here's the CTR. Generally, you can see that it doesn't it makes sense. When CTR goes up, your CTR goes up, your purchase, purchase share is going up, then CTR and CPR, both of them in the graph, when they are increasing, your purchase share are increasing because you are getting more clicks, you are getting more sales, and this increase kind of is translating to the fact that you have a better organic ranking as well. And to show that in action, I put this in the chart and said, Okay, let's sort these with the click branch. Here we have this click share for the brand you can see that all and it is organic. Because that organic rank I have put here, as you see, they are increasing. You can see that the highest organic rank, this delta is higher and higher. We are in the green zone. It means we have a higher delta with the market. So in this case, for under cabinet, jar opener for kitchen, you can see that we are performing 233% better than the market. CDR is 43% better than the market. So it is very interesting to see that how these are correlating, and when we are saying, if you have a good conversion rate, if you have a good click through rate, you can get a good organic ranking. You have a better potential for good organic ranking. You can see this in action here. There might be some kind of outliers, for instance, easy of Jar Opener. This is a brand name. That is why our CTR is low, which makes sense, because we are competing with the brand. But our conversion rate is actually pretty good there. So from this, I want to get to a point that if you want to find keywords that has the highest, highest potential for ranking, you got to find keywords with low brand click share, high, CTR, Delta, IC, VR, Delta. You might be asking, Okay, what's this brand click share, saying here the brand click share. If your brand click, share is high, that only means one thing. Most probably, you're ranking on the top, because when you are on top of the search, when you are closer to the half top of the page, your click is your click share more, because more customers seeing you, clicking you. So this is a number that if you store it, you can see even this correlation between organic ranking and brand click share, because, yeah, it makes sense. You are on the top. Customers see you, click you, so you have a click share. So that brings us to this point, if you have a low brand click share, it means we are not ranking organically. You can even put this aside or find the keywords that you are not organically ranking from your any keyword Rank Tracker that you are doing, but from search query performance, you can easily do that by just sorting so low brand, click, share, high CTR, high CDR means that you have an h compared to your competitors, compared to the category, it is going to be much more easier for you to be able to rank. And since you're not ranking, you have that option, I don't know if so. Here is one example. This one probably opener for jars and bottles. I didn't think it would be a good potential. I won't start with this, because our CTR is very bad compared to the category. Why we have a conversion rate? I won't say this is the highest potential. Let

Speaker  688368:00
me ask you a question on that, because CTR can also be a function of placement, right? So in theory, right? Like you could have a poor placement in a poor CTR as a result?

Speaker  693312:00
Yeah, no, that's a that's a great call out definitely, because impression is any when you search for any keyword all the products on the first page, getting impression right? So CTR is definitely if your placement, if you are in a rest of the search, you have a bad CTR compared to top of the search. Not because the placement itself. It is because many of these customers might not scroll down to see your product to click that is the main reason, not because you're that placement specifically,

Speaker  703594:40
right? So in theory, you can also look at the placement and say, if, if you, if your placement isn't good, you may, that may be the reason your CTR is low, which may be you need to bid higher on that, on that keyword, really test it. Yeah,

Speaker  707840:00
that's that. Yeah, that's a, that's a great point. It could be your, your placement as well, and ramen asking so brand click Share is more or less organic? Frank, yeah, I have to have come to conclusion that spending launch that brand click Share is good. I didn't good kind of correlation with what your organic ranking is, and you can see that easily here, go do this for your own product. Just sort with brand click Share. You can see that your organic ranking is aligning with that for sure,

Speaker  718154:40
high brand click share, if you had a top of search ad spot but you weren't well organically.

Speaker  719674:40
Great question. Jamie, from my experience, I have realized that even if you put with the with your sponsor product, you are there. Yes, you have a you increase your click share, but it's never similar. It doesn't get close to the organically rank, click share, okay,

Speaker  724640:00
so, yeah, essentially brand click share, your percentage of clicks within your brand to the niche, right? So if you're getting high percentage of the click share, you probably are ranking very well, yes.

Speaker  728501:20
So I would say this is the best approach in this example, as I mentioned, job opener for seniors. And this is actually highly related for seniors, because it attacks under the cabinet. It's a jar up in their attached under, I think I have to this is the product, something like this, right under the cabinet. So this is highly related for seniors that have weak hands. With one hand, they could, they could. It it helps them facilitate that action. So you can see we have good CTR, we have good CVR, which it makes that the best option for the ranking to Liran point. I have this as a no, because of CTR, but yeah, if your placement is bad, then this could say that, why your CTR Delta, why it is low, right? So maybe you could test this, because you have a great conversion rate, make sure your product is on top of the search, and based on that, if you don't see the results, you say, okay, no. But in this case, you could try this as well, because, because maybe you're in the rest of the session.

Speaker  747818:40
And you can see here too, like, some great example of the relevance of the keyword, like, you know, electric jar opener. There a few below that x, the big X, electric jar opener, right, has a low CTR and low CVR, right? Because the product is not electric. And so, you know, wouldn't make sense by looking at this, even if you didn't have, even if you didn't know that about the product, you kind of say, like, hey, it doesn't make sense for me to kind of push this keyword try to rank for it because, you know, just based off this data, without even sort of understanding that it's not related similar to automatic to, you know, the CTR is there, but not the conversion rate is automatic, jar opener. It's not really automatic. You know, automatic seems like electric, you know, like, interestingly,

Speaker  760629:20
this is a for instance. This is a good example. This is a keyword that you're very targeting, right? Even you learn targeting, it got triggered from an auto campaign. And you can see here that it's performing very great because one handed gadgets, yeah, you might say it's not related, but it's exactly for people who are one handed. This is the best tool. So this one a great example of we targeted and started generating good amount of sales for this keyword. We didn't go crazy for actually, just a good call out to mention here as well. These type of keywords that are generic, right? They are looking for a gadget. Are they looking for exactly this gadget? You don't know any gadget that they

Speaker  773728:00
but I mean, to me, it's so relevant, because, let's say, you know, somebody just broke their arm, okay, and they're going to be out of commission for three months, right? And I'm a friend, or I'm, you know, somebody, and I'm like, Okay, what are some one handed gadgets that they could be using now that they have this problem, right, right? So I'm looking for the ideas. And this is, I mean, really fits that bill exactly, so it does kind of make sense. No,

Speaker  781722:40
you're right. The point I wanted to mention is that I won't go crazy with consistently being on top of search, because class per click might be high and the intention is not exactly there. They are not looking exactly for their product. My goal with these type of keywords are to be visible. It is number three, maybe on top of search for or top of the fold in the rest of the search, just to make sure I'm in front of the customers, because these customers when they are looking for this general keywords, they are not going to stop in top of the search. They are going to look at the whole page, because different type of products shows up. You don't want to pay premium to be number one, while you could pay less be in the middle of the page, and you are sure that customer to 80% 90% the customer is going to scroll down and see your product. That's where I was getting with that. Don't be aggressive with the bits for these keywords, but be visible. Make sure you are there. It's also

Speaker  798282:40
a browsing type keyword, right? Because there are different results on the page, people are more likely to browse down the page, as opposed to everything on the page looks the same. Just pick the, you know, top thing there with good reviews and a good price. So makes sense? Would it

Speaker  802560:00
not have a column that had the search volume in it? Because then you could see how big or how big the opportunity actually is? Yeah,

Speaker  804080:00
you

Speaker  804432:00
have it. I just scroll to the right. It's not, I couldn't, I couldn't, yeah, I couldn't compact everything in screenshots. But we have other columns here as well, and that is what I really love for these platforms, like scale insights to add is that add the CTR, CTR of the brand and market, and the Delta like this is there. You could make decision not just with the share. The Share on its own is not gonna define anything, but when you have your data points, it is much easier for me, even if you don't put these two just this column, this delta and these numbers for me, can easily tell what is this keyword, how much of a potential I have for this keyword. To your point, Jamie, plus that search volume right to see or purchase of the market. Actually, that is where I would go with instead of necessarily the search I would love to see how many purchases are in the market because searches are relative. One customer could make 10 searches. So you see the amount of searches that everyone is doing but the purchase. Do you need purchase? You know that, okay, at the end of the day for this keyword, there are certain amount of the purchases and how big that potential is. Yeah.

Speaker  827082:40
So for those you guys that have got scale insights, there is a similar view on scale insights, but they do the CTR Delta in terms of percentage points. So like, you know, two points better, three points better, rather than percentage difference. And you have to click in to get the CTR. And I don't think it's got brand share and click share and that kind of thing in it. So if you, if you have, if you have scale insights as well, I've checking out, but I can see why you prefer this one, right? So what I'm doing with the templates, guys, if you people ask about the templates, is Liran are going to send them to me, and then I'll get them added to the notes. That will go with the recording, so you can have a play with all of them,

Speaker  839701:20
right? Yep, go ahead, Mansour, there are two ways to click Continue. One is that I can go over how to in the maturity, how to compare yourself with the category, or we could jump into it, maybe convert AMC.

Speaker  844410:40
Let's share with them how they can get their own AMC instance, because I think that's kind of cool. Okay,

Speaker  845722:40
sure, for AMC instances, I have a I have a document I could send you exactly how to get access to AMC. But to get access, you don't need the

Speaker  851008:00
you don't need us anymore. You

Speaker  851472:00
don't need us anymore. I don't know. Recently, I've realized that some people are you have to email to this, this email address and ask for creating AMC instances some I realized some brands emailing them for AMC access. They're like, Okay, go talk with your whoever your brand representative, what admin, but you have to ask email them and say that you need AMC instance creation for your account. I'm not sure few of people, they got it recently. I hear some they can't get it. Either they are asking the wrong question, or maybe we overloaded the Amazon AMC team, and they are not doing this anymore. But try this first. You should be able to get access. I have a template later if you want what to send in. So contact them. Or if you have Amazon representative, that would be even that might be even easier. Ask, contact Amazon. Ask for AMC creation, and then you, then it is created in your advertising console, you should be able to see it under measurement and reporting Amazon Marketing Cloud. Or if none of them works, we could help you with creating that instance. And some of the platforms, like, I think, helium 10 and other platforms now, I believe they help with that as well. They make the AMC as well.

Speaker  877066:40
Yeah, so this is the way to get it. I don't know if we have questions. If not, maybe we can spend 510 minutes on some AMC. Maybe Mansour. Let's show the kind of audiences that you can create once you have the instance, and kind of like, what the what the benefit is,

Speaker  882016:00
right?

Speaker  882847:59
It would have been fun to even maybe log into the AMC and show you in action. We should make a video about that, because many people asking me how to do that, but I'm gonna during some examples here. So Oh, very great update from amazon for audience from AMC, you can create audiences easily. I'll show you a quick screenshot here. So they just change this UI, but pretty much it's close, but they change, they added the consolidated audiences and queries in one place. But you go to create audiences, you have two options, either new query. For this one, you have to query. It's SQL query. You have to query to get the data that you want. Amazon did a very interesting job there. They have added AI as well. So you chat, they give you the query. It is, I would say, 60, 70% accurate, but I haven't got it 200% accuracy. If you know some SQL, you could start with that AI chatted, see the results and kind of change it to get the to get what you need. But that is it. You need to know SQL here, and you have this option of instructional queries that Amazon had enough amount of queries ready for you to use, even if you don't know anything, so you just need to fill few information there. Now, one thing cool happened about audiences is that recently, Amazon made even the paid tables for free for Amazon audience creation, I'll give you an example. Up to that point. Before that point, we just had access to query for free, just from anything related to ads when customers had engagement with the ad, interactions with that for instance, customer who saw this sponsored product, customers who saw this sponsored product added to cart, customers who purchased, but it happened through ads right to sponsor product brand video, we couldn't query anything related to organic like, who is the Subscribe and Save customers? Who are the customers who have purchased 10 times from us, who are the customers that added to cart but didn't purchase because added to cart could be organic, could be with the sponsored before that, which was free. You could just say customers who added to cart, the ones that they came from advertising. But now Amazon says I'll give you all the tables for free, even for the organic ones, you don't need to pay. So when you do the query, you can even query from organic side as well. So here are some examples of these audience ideas. Anything IQ that you see here means you don't need SQL. It's already there you just go with the instructional query. So customers who add it to cart, save for later, add it to the wish list, Subscribe and Save, but not purchase. You can easily create audience from these and target them with the sponsor product, sponsor brand and sponsor display with sponsor product and sponsor brand. You can add bid multiplier, like placements with the sponsor display. You could directly add these as a target, and target these audiences. It was like you're targeting your an asin customers who added to list registry didn't purchase customers. We see great results with this action. We see great results with this added to cart and also viewed multiple product detail pages. So customers who have seen your product detail page for any asin you can specify the asin, 234, times what they haven't purchased. We see good results of bringing these customers back to purchase, customers who search for your brand but did not purchase. Even for this you don't need SQL, if you have AMC today, these four, you can easily go and create these audiences. This one is interesting as well, search for certain keywords and have not purchased. You can see all the audio. You can't create audiences of customers who have searched for any keywords that you identify. The only thing is that, since this comes from ad site in the organic size, Amazon doesn't show the keywords it comes from ad site you should have got impression for that keyword. So your ad should have got impression for that keyword to be able to query that. This one is a bit tricky. You need SQL customers who purchase product A, but not product B, so you could do the cross selling purchase from your brand in the past, but not in last six months. This is, again, you need query. This one is interesting. In some cases, I see good results, high value customers, new to brand customers, meaning you can go and target customers who are high value customers for you. Let's say they have spent more than 300 or they are in top 5% of your brand. You could do two things. One is that build a look alike audience to that to bring new customers or no cross sell to these existing customers, maybe they haven't purchased your other products. So cross sell to these customers, if they are high value customers, purchasing from you, from you, why not cross selling, repeat buyers who spent over x these are the ones the store visitors viewed, but only the so just another one that I haven't we haven't used it viewed, but only via display ad. So customers who have seen your DSP ad or any specific campaign, and that's it. They haven't seen your other ads. I have few examples for look alike as well. Which one is look alike to Subscribe and Save customers with three plus orders. This isn't very valuable, and it is easy to it's just five line of code. I have it even in my LinkedIn post, you can write a SQL code of your subscribers. Save customers with more than three orders. You don't want to target them. What you do is that you make a look at like audience with them, people who are similar to these high value customers, and put your ad in front of them. So look like to repeat buyers, top 5% spenders. Or customers who bought during the specifics.

Speaker  994144:00
Which one would you say should be the first one we should run? What's been the most successful for you?

Speaker  995168:00
Low hanging fruit. Start with that. Add to Cart. Multiple page views. We see great results with these two and, yeah, I would start with and, plus, this looking like, in some cases, I see good results look alike to your top spenders. Also you don't. You don't need SQL for that. It is pretty easy to create. So

Speaker  1001909:20
for your clients that have really doubled down on this. Are using it. What sort of percentage of their overall spend is coming from these kind of campaigns?

Speaker  1004826:40
It's low because I'll tell you what. Why the challenge? What's the challenge? I have actually few cases studies here, Kat, you have started the first challenge is that this is sponsored product campaign. So what we did here, we created audiences from customers who at least had two page views but did not purchase in last 90 days before getting to the challenge. Just let me show you the results. The CTR for the segment is 5.4x of the whole campaign. The CDR is 13% higher. And you can see here the CTR is 2.38 while here for the whole campaign, is point 44% so what is interesting is that with higher cost per click for the segment, which are they? Are, they are. They have higher interest intent, right? We have a we have the same a cost, even, yeah, they have the same a cost with higher cost per click. So what I want to show you here is that if you just do this optimization, as you do usually, you are going to decrease your cost per click, and some of these high intent customers that you should be in front of them, you might not get there because you are optimizing your bid for the whole campaign. I'll show you other examples.

Speaker  1027840:00
Mansour, we lost you, your your audio, you

Speaker  1030341:20
so Liran, so, so even once someone's got this up and running, it's probably going to be a small percentage of their overall ads, but because,

Speaker  1032245:20
well, yeah, also, I think it depends on the size of that audience, but you're targeting like smaller audiences there, right? So, yeah, you know, it's not as it's not as wide of a scope as you have with your with your regular ads. But like Mansour was mentioning this audience specifically, you want to bid higher to them, and you really couldn't do that before. Right now, that audience that has that higher intent, they've already, you know, been to your have had two page views without a purchase. You want to get in front of them, and if you're optimizing your entire campaign based on your entire a cost, then your bid may not be high enough to get in front of them. You know, as much as you can otherwise, just

Speaker  1043344:00
that example. But we haven't. We have another example of that. Can you hear me? Yes. Sorry. It was a it was a emergency alert. It was a test. I don't know what they were testing, but Jenny, one challenge with this is that for this audiences, you could add one audience at a time, so I can't add more than this. So it's it makes it very difficult to scale it, because for every campaign now you have to create a new campaign to add another audience, right? That's the first challenge. Hopefully Amazon changes at and we can add more than one audience, and I understand what they have done it because there is a common pool. If you have create different audiences, there might be some common, yeah, crossover. So Amazon would say, Okay, which one do you want me to apply this per adjustment that adjustments I feel like that might be the issue. Why are you haven't been able to scale it yet. But here's another example to that look alike audience that I mentioned. So we created look alike this customer. They haven't purchased from us, from our high value customers. You can even see here that our CDR, we have the pretty much the same CTR for both Ola account and these segment, but our conversion rate was 46% higher. Why our cost per click is higher? You can see our A plus is lower because we have much better conversion rate. But in a normal scenario, what's going to happen? You're going to optimize this based on the results of the whole campaign, and probably go lower than three point 22 to get to your targeted cost. Let's say your targeted cost is 5045, or whatever you're going to optimize this. So there are many of these customers that you might not show up in front of them because you're optimizing toward the whole campaign. And this is the example of added to cart but not purchased. So for these one, we saw 91% higher conversion rate while our customer click is higher. You can see here our a cost is lower for the segment, and it is pretty new. So we are ramping up for clients you're launching and testing, but in terms of the scale, yeah, it's it's not their tool of scale, yeah. So

Speaker  1082125:20
just to mention one, sorry to interrupt you, one new thing you could test is that Amazon now has bidding option, campaign options just for business customers. Amazon business customers. So separate, not AMC, but separate campaign in audience, sort of the target for your product, especially if your product is more geared that way. But it's worthwhile, worthwhile testing that.

Speaker  1090386:09
Yeah, sure, Robert, I'll share that email after the

Speaker  1092119:29
Yeah, I'll add it into the emails. Mansour, do you

Speaker  1092936:00
need? You need to give them your advertising entity ID. There's like, a right, I'm assuming,

Speaker  1094887:29
yeah, advertiser item identity actually in the document that I have, I go over every detail that where even you you could find it, and hopefully you can get access. Seems like they have been overloaded with all these requests, but it's worth let's try

Speaker  1100556:49
and we can set you up also. I don't want to make, we could just set you up also. I don't want to make a promise to everybody, if we get a lot of requests, but if we get, like, a one off request and you have trouble, we can, we can help set up an instance for you also. All

Speaker  1104914:40
right, well, to make us the last slide, last slide, guys. And so we're nearly outside, yes,

Speaker  1106018:40
right?

Speaker  1106242:40
No, I just brought this up because of the question you asked me, Jamie, I would say your low hanging fruit. The customer that have the highest intent and they haven't purchased, right? Add to Cart, say for later, added to wish list, and they are closer to in high intent, like people who Subscribe and Save, not purchase, search brand, view product detail page they haven't purchased. So I would say there is this. You got to start from closer to the purchase and then move back to the awareness.

Speaker  1116044:49
Yeah, I gotta get I've got this on my list. Gonna get this? I'm gonna get this set up. It's definitely gonna Kat this get us done soon. Well, thanks guys. We covered a lot. Looking forward to having a play with those templates as well. And

Speaker  1119618:40
you know, I'll add that. I think for every mogul call we've ever done, I'm pretty sure Jill has been on every single one of them. So shout out. Shout out to you. 100%

Speaker  1122242:40
attendance. That was awesome.

Speaker  1122648:00
100% attendance, yes. So

Speaker  1123192:00
you guys are doing, are you guys doing? You guys doing regular PPC, you're doing DSP. Are you doing full management? At the moment, still, yes.

Speaker  1125368:00
We're doing full, full brain management. We recently became a Tiktok partner as well Walmart. So Tiktok shop management, creator creator management, ads, Amazon, brand management, advertising, DSP, creative content creator, connection management, seller operations. So

Speaker  1132428:49
cool. So yeah, reach out. Reach out to Liran incrementum digital.com you get $500 off your first invoice if you're an MDS.

Speaker  1134642:09
And I would last thing I'd add is that our audits are, I think, pretty good. We get really good feedback on our audits. So if you would like to have an audit of your account, a lot of focus on the a lot of focus on the ads, but we also look at, you know, content ranking, etc, you can reach out. We're happy to do an audit for you. We like to call it a growth plan. You guys have done

Speaker  1140808:00
some good audits for me. I've got some good stuff off every time. Yeah. Thank

Speaker  1141704:00
you, yeah. So you know, even if you don't necessarily intend to work with us tomorrow, you know, we're happy to, happy to do it for MDS.

Speaker  1144231:29
Craig also, could I get the air table link Belen in the chat? That would be great. So, yeah, if you guys could just give a quick a quick racing on the air table really helps me to learn what you guys like and don't like for the call, so I can organize the best calls that you want if

Speaker  1149362:40
you didn't like me, put down. Put down. My name is Mansour,

Speaker  1151074:09
but yeah, also, I hope you guys are gonna sign up to Milan join the WhatsApp group as well. This is broadcast only, so just means you will know about the calls coming up.

Speaker  1154130:09
Awesome. Thank you for having us on. Thanks guys. Bye. Thank you.
