Mogul Call with Meher Patel
Date: November 20, 2025

Speaker  844:48
All right, guys, welcome to the mobile call. So today we've got Meher from Hector AI, a very popular MDS partner, and we also got Torsten on as well. Hi guys. How's it going? Doing

Speaker  4012:48
good. Thanks a lot. Jamie, thank you for hosting us. Yeah, really excited. It's been a while.

Speaker  5516:48
So the plan is, Maha you're going to present first and then Torsten second. Is that right? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, perfect. So what we've done on this call is this call might go over the hour, so if you have to bounce at the hour, there will be the recording. But if you guys want to stay on extra Q and A, we've got a lot to cover, then please do but basically, I'll be handing over the host. I've got to go, so I'll be handing over in an hour's time, I'll hand over the hosting to Torsten. All right, so do you want to make you want to share your screen? Meg, start. Sure.

Speaker  15722:40
Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you for joining in. And thank you, Jamie, for putting this call together as well. I'm sorry, as the inbox, and so I think the Cyber Monday is up for, you know, approaching us, and this could be the favorite topic for everybody, for us to understand, apart from sponsored ads, what else can we do? Right? So we don't want to keep the generic topic. I mean, I'm sure everybody has done a lot when it comes to sponsored ads, and we have heard a lot about what you can do with sponsored ads, but today me and toston, actually, I would say, thanks to toston. He has taken that effort to put this call together, where today I'm going to explain from my side of the view about what you can do with AMC and DSP, mainly from the Hector side, but at the same time, we would like to take that extra mile, and Tostan would like to take that extra mile to also share with you, even if you don't have Hector, what can you do directly from the Amazon at console? So, so the idea is that it's it's not really required for you to take a platform. It's more important that you understand the fundamentals. And if you really have that drive in, you to really go deep with the data, and you really want to get your hands dirty. And if you really want to do some more deeper stuff, then you can consider using a platform like Hector, but you can do most of the stuff with the Amazon platform as well. Well, one word to discuss today's topic, and I keep talking about this everywhere that Amazon DSP and AMC, it's not an optional for any seller anymore. And when I say it, I don't mean that the opportunity for using Amazon DSP and AMC, what I mean and in your strategy, even if you're spending $5,000 a month, a DSP and an AMC is a must requirement for you to understand what it can do for you. And if you understand that better, it would be better for you to see the growth and the efficiency that you're looking at, which is your revenue growth and your ROAs growth overall from the total standpoint. So don't consider this as an optional don't consider only if you're spending a certain amount. You should consider using DSP and AMC. It is part of the game. Now, in fact, just last week, Amazon unbox announced that not just the AMC, but now even the DSP, is going to be part of your Amazon ad console very soon, by first half or first quarter of next year, you're going to start seeing even DSP on your Amazon console. So you don't really need anybody to give you a DSP account. You can actually see that in your own ads console, and you can start running your DSP campaign. So it's going to come very close to you. So you start exploring this, because this is and we're going to talk about today that why this is going to be important for you.

Speaker  64848:00
Yeah. So most of few things which I just want to knock your you know, mind about things like, you know, imagine the power of what you can know and what all things can you do with the power of AMC and DSP, right? Imagine that you could know the number of customers who added your product to the cart, but not just added your product to the cart, but did not even purchase the product after adding the product to the cart. And guys, this is super important, because it's not everybody who adds your product to the cart. I mean, you have to understand the level of intent that person had when it actually when he or she actually searched for your product. Choose to consider to click on your product, then choose to consider to understand your product, and then choose to consider adding your product to the cart, and then at the same time, do. Not continue buying your product. I mean, that's the the first person that you should be going after. And if you can know that person, if you can target that person, there is no better audience for you in the entire targeting audience that you can possibly have for you to spend your money on, right? So it's super important that you will have the opportunity to have this kind of an audience just at your fingertips, just as close to your campaign, so that you can target them. You know, it's also important that you need to understand that, how long does it take for your customer to buy your product? Because we also live in this world where we start thinking that, hey, it's, I mean, you know, I have like, a 14 day window for my conversion, so I don't want to optimize my ROAs. You know, like in I would optimize my ROAs after every seven days. After every 14 days. I'll hold on to my optimization urge and stuff like that. And you'll be surprised, if you look at your own data, that only 10% of your of your customers who buy your product end up buying your product after seven days. So most of the people, 90% of the people the purchase which happens. I'm not talking about every category, but I'm talking about most of the categories that we worked with. I mean, people buy the product in the first seven days. I mean, you can even see more than 40% of the purchase happens in the first 24 hours, right? So it's important for you guys to understand everybody, to understand that how soon the person buys your product after they see the product, right after the click, I mean, and incremental ROAs, right? So it's also important that we don't look at a linear journey of purchase from our customers, right? Nobody buys a product after just searching and closing the conversion. There is a journey. There isn't. There is some sort of, you know, impression knocking, which happens at the at the back of the mind for a customer who's looking at your product at various places. So it's if you just run a sponsor product campaign, it doesn't mean that you're going to have the best conversion rate. If you run a SB, SD and DSP campaign in your mix, you're going to see a better conversion rate overall. And that's when your overall ROAs looks better and gets better, right? Also, it's important for you to understand that how your cyber monday strategy or a Prime Day strategy, really looked like when you really ran a campaign in last Cyber Monday or last Prime Day. So you only get better if you know that what you did the last time right. So if you measure your your performance only, then you will be able to understand where you went right and where you went wrong. So it's important that you start looking at your performance and start considering that what went right, what went wrong. So so a platform or or an Amazon Marketing Cloud allows you to consider measuring your performance during your cyber monday or any event whatsoever that you have in the throughout the year, right? It also allows you, I mean, most of the people, if you have run any Facebook or a meta campaign, I mean, what I believe and what I've known is that the maximum money gets spent on a lookalike audience, right? So if you understand that Amazon has the best transactional audience that you can possibly consider targeting. And if you can imagine having a look like audience created out those transaction audiences, the people who have purchased your product, you can imagine what sort of an opportunity it has to for you to have those people looking at your product, right? So, so that's that's something that you can also consider having when you're looking at creating audience through AMC, I mean, through your Amazon Marketing Cloud, and how do you even target right your competitors product viewers? And also not just competitor product viewers, but the people who viewed your competitors product but didn't end up buying those products. And you can do that for last seven days, last 14 days, last 30 days. So if you think that you know you want to, you want to target those people, or if you know that some of your competitors or best sellers, takes away, you know maximum clicks or maximum conversions, and you can find that from the top search term report, if you have ever come across that report in the brand analytics. And if you identify those competitor ASINs, and if you want to go after those people who actually looked at those product, because they obviously have taken more click Share than you, and if you want to go after those people, of the people who viewed those product and not purchase those product again, those would be the best kind of audience that you can go after so you can create this audience from the DSP, you know infrastructure when you have one, right? So these are the things that you can possibly go after, and you can unlock these things from an AMC and DSP overall, right? So today we're going to talk mainly about how you're leveraging an AMC and how you're leveraging DSP as well. So. Not just, I'm sure most of you have heard this, but just to rephrase that, what is it that you can do with AMC? So there are two fundamental things that you can do in DSP. One is that you can look at insights. You can look at multi touch attribution. You can look at your lifetime value. You can look at time to conversion, path to conversion. You can see multi touch attribution, so all of those things you can understand about your own customers or or users who have engaged with your any catalog essence, right? Anything to do with engaging with your catalog, right? So you can look at those insights. The second thing that you can actually do with AMC is you can create an audience of people. You can create an audience of the people who have searched your product, right? You have served an impression to them. They possibly not clicked on it, right? So you can create a cohort of this audience, right? And always, you can. You can do like a seven, day 14, day 30, day. You can do all of those things. You can be as recent as you want. So if you know that there is a search term which has the highest search volume, and you want to do like last 24 hours. You want to do like one day in the last 24 hours. Whoever search for those search terms. You want to go after those people. You want to target those people. You can even do that right and add to list, add to Kat, sort of a stuff. You can just create an audience of those people, people you know, you can do like a look alike audience. Now, what are I mean, what can you do? I mean, what kind of audiences that you can get? So on the left hand side, what you can do is, you can, you can get audience from your Amazon ads account, right? So all your campaign types and the ads DSP, audiences, right? Your Seller Central, your vendor Central, that data can pulled in. You can even, you know, embed. Or you can pull in your first party data from their Shopify, and you can bring that data together and you can see insights. Or you can create an audience of those people, right? You can create an audience of the people who were on your website who did not buy your product, but they were on your website but they didn't end up buying your product. You can actually create an audience of those people, and you can push them into your DSP, or, for that matter, you can even push them into your sponsored ads account in case if they end up searching for your product, you can choose to increase your bids only for that audience. So you can imagine, if somebody has come to your website, they're not purchased, but now they are on Amazon searching not for your brand, but searching for a product you sell. Do you really want? Do you want to increase your bid only for that guy, only for that audience? Obviously, you do, right? So, I mean, you can create an audience of those people as well. So that's the power of DSP and AMC

Speaker  202117:19
that is particularly useful if you have keywords to have very high CPCs that may not be profitable, you're then able to target them at a better audience and get a higher conversion to make make it a bit more likely that they're going to be

Speaker  205466:40
profitable. Absolutely. Jamie, I mean, you can, I mean, what? What I tell and what we do at at our end is that there is no sponsored product or sponsored brand campaign that we run without an AMC Add to Cart audience, without in case, if there's a person who has a Shopify store, we we would. I mean, at this very moment, you can only choose one audience in your ad account in your campaign to increase your bid for so we mainly choose the Add to Cart audience, but if the ASINs doesn't have enough Add to Cart audience, because your audience needs to be at least more than 100, right? And if that's there's not enough audience, then we don't do Add to Cart. We do dtvs, right? Then we can even do search term audience. We can do multi types of audience where we can choose to increase our bids for that and obviously even a higher CPC can compensate a better conversion rate and still end up giving you a better ROAs. So exactly what you're right said one of the things that you know, we are very proud to share. And as Cyber Monday is approaching, and just last week, we happened to win an award in the Amazon partners, you know, the unbox event, and that was largely for the seasonal sales strategy. And that's contextual on in this presentation. So I just chose to put that in in today's call. What we actually did is we had a pre event time, we had the event time and we had the post event time. So we need to start looking at these three times of the during an event. And we have need to have a different strategy in each of those duration of the event, right? So during the event, we all know that the CPC is going to be super expensive right before the event. The CPCs are not expensive, but and you cannot afford to build awareness, and even for that matter, consideration during the event, because it's not going to be easy for anybody to just, you know, build relevance with your product and immediately. Buy your product during the event. So it's important that you start engaging with your customers during the lower CPC period, which is the pre event period, and during the event, the person obviously would have you know, has engaged with your product. And during the event, if he sees your product, or if you're targeting that person during the event, there is a high chances, and that's exactly what happened. I mean, the conversion rate increase, the NTB percentage increased, the impression share doubled for us because that's what we wanted to this is a full strategy, and obviously we can, we can share this presentation for you. The the complete strategy is written out here, and that allowed us to even increase the revenue during this period three times than the regular period, right? So that's, that's something which is very important. I'm going to show you more about this in the next slide. So this like a Halloween product or something. So this was the last time Black Fridays. I mean, this was the prime date. In fact, private results for the brand that we that we won the award for. This was during the Prime Day in India for one of our brand, okay, and so that's that's something which now let me just talk about. This is one of the reports that is available in AMC. And this is a screenshot that we have taken from Hector, and what is important is that this one is a lead up period. This one is obviously the Cyber Monday period, and this one is the lead out period. Now, as I mentioned that, you need to look at each of this period independently, and you also need to look at that. How did your customer cohorts, when they engaged in each of these periods, ended up giving you what kind of ROAs or conversion and growth and the NTP sales? So if you really look at that, whoever engaged with you in the lead up period, and when they convert it to you, you have the best ROAs, because your CPC was at its best and your conversion rate was at its best. So if you start engaging with your customer before the event period, it's the best time for you to engage with the customers. Because, I mean, just before the event, your conversion. I mean, your, you know, your CPC is the lowest for you, so you need to start engaging with those customers before the event. And if you really look at it, that when you when you end up spending across the board in the lead up and the event period and the lead out period, your ROAs is not at this point, right? You have a higher CPC, you have the lowest conversion rate. And in the lead out period again, you have a very bad ROAs. So invest less during the lead out period is something which is more important, and start investing before the event is a better strategy. And one one disclaimer out here is that everybody has his own way of of building during the events, right? So some people don't choose to invest during the event time, so they would have a different understanding of how the entire three event time period has worked for you. So based on what was your strategy, you look at your numbers, and if you look at your numbers, that what period worked for you, and during the lead up or or during the event or post the event, what worked best for you, if you start looking at the numbers, you will be able to make a decisions based on the data that you're seeing of your own. And when you, when you sign up for AMC, you can actually get the data for the last 365 days, and now it is also available for five years. So you can actually start looking at your last year's Cyber Monday data. You can start looking at your last year's Prime Day data, so that you can start making more sense out of it. So your internet,

Speaker  304320:00
I think, I think we're gonna have to pick up the pace of it, because I think you've got another 20 slides, right, yeah, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna do, we're gonna have to pick up the pace.

Speaker  306256:00
Yeah, sure, sure. All right, okay, so, so the lead up period, as I mentioned, the way this works is the tent pole event works is that you have an event period. So an event period is for three days. And the the tent pole event, we take equal number of days before the event and after the event, and we understand as a total event period, I mean including the lead up the event period and lead out, what sort of a roasted you get, what sort of a sales, what sort of a NTB percentage did you get? So largely the lead up investment accounts for almost 43% of the total sales, with the investment of 29% so important part is that start investing before the event, rather than during the event, and start disinvesting in the lead out period. Right? Also important, as I mentioned, that you know during the event, do not under, uh. Invest, make sure that you're investing, because the NTP percentage is very, very high during the event period and and if you're NTP, if you can afford that NTP be new to brand customers, that's the best time for you to start investing. Lead out period. Just start disinvesting. Another important aspect is the path to conversion. Now, again, as I mentioned to you in past that don't consider your DSP campaigns performance at a face value. Don't look at your DSP performance and look at, you know, the ROAs or conversion rate, and make a decision to invest or disinvest in a in a DSP campaign. Look at your path to conversion insights which is available in EMC. Now, if you can literally see this when a customer, when a cohort of your customers started with the DSP and then did the sponsor product, and then saw your sponsored brand campaign, the conversion date was 39 percentage. And in the regular cases, when you can see there is 919 121 orders, which is the maximum number of orders. It came with sponsored product only, but your conversion rate out there was only 18% again, out with SP and SB, your conversion date gets better with, you know, with two campaign types getting involved. But when you have three campaign types, your conversion rate even gets better. You can see that wherever your DSP campaign gets involved as a start, and then it engages with your SP and SB. You have a far better conversion rate than what you see in a in a regular way. And this, again, this is pure data. You can get to see this when you look at your reports in AMC, and we can have even Torsten talk about this time to conversion. Very important. You can also try and understand that, How soon does it take for your customer to buy your product? So you can see that another important thing again, when you look at your sponsored product dashboard, sponsored brand dashboard, or sponsored display in your sponsored ads account, whatever you are looking at as a ROAs is all last touch attributed ROAs. Don't consider that as a source of truth and the final source of truth, because if you start looking at the same campaign, and if you look at it from the first touch attribution, you will see a different ROAs, and you will see a different number of orders that you possibly are getting from that same campaign, which is actually telling you that it's 84 on your sponsored ads dashboard. But actually with first touch, that means that this was the first campaign where the person clicked before he ended up buying from this campaign, right? So you look at this, if you look at the regular your sponsored ads dashboard for this campaign, you would have seen a 2.86 but if you really look at it from the first touch attribution, you can see the same campaign giving you 4.9 ROAs, so if you have this data in front of you again, your decision making would be more powerful than the regular you know way that you start optimizing your campaign. So multi touch attribution is very, very super important. Audiences, as I mentioned, these four audiences, I definitely mentioned you should consider having this audience in your in your targeting. You should start investing. And again, it's very easy for anybody to start creating this audience, obviously on Amazon as well, even on Hector is few clicks and you can create this audience. You can literally just choose the Add to Cart. You can choose all asind, and you can also choose a single asin, and you can exclude the ones who have ordered from you. You can also do multiple dpvs, people who have and this is something that we did in our season strategy. We didn't just choose people who saw the product once. We chose the people who saw the product more than once. I mean, that was a wearable product. I mean, it was, you know, it was like a watch. So we wanted to and out there, people really start exploring more. So we wanted to identify only those people who saw more than once, and we excluded the people who did not buy and stuff like that. So it really worked very well for us. You can even do search term based audience, as I mentioned, you can identify your top 1025, BSR product viewers and exclude the purchases. You can use that as well. And very important is that you, if you create these AMC audiences, you can also push them into sponsored product. And very easily, you can push them into sponsored product in our dashboard, you can increase your bids for those audience only within the within the campaign, and it just makes it makes your life very easy, right? And you can see how that audience is performing. You should look at this data, because that works very well for you as well. So, yeah, so normally, AMC, DSP, it helps you for audience expansion. You're not just focusing on intent audience paying high CPC, as Jamie also identified that if you start targeting these people outside of Amazon and inside of Amazon, Amazon and not on the search page, your CPC would be even cheaper than what you're paying on the search page. So start. Looking at targeting the same people, but not on the search page, because whatever you pay as a click on the search page is always going to be three times more expensive than what you will be what you will be paying for that click if you target them outside the search page, right? So it's very important few DSP campaign that I keep talking about is a very, very fundamental Add to Cart did not purchase. You got to run this campaign on DSP without fail. People who saw your product page did not add your product. This is a second type of campaign that one should always run. You should focus on your top five, if not 50, BSR, PDP, viewers, but not purchase. This is the third most important campaign that everybody should be running at.

Speaker  411978:40
Well, that means people that viewed your best ranking products, or people that went on the best sellers page.

Speaker  413562:40
No. So this is the people of your category's best seller. So that could, that would not,

Speaker  415466:40
oh, people who viewed the best sellers in my category.

Speaker  416160:00
Okay, so, right. So you take the top five and you you find, you create an audience of the people who saw their product page and did not buy that product. And that's the opportunity that you can identify those people through the DSP campaign creation, audience creation, and you can then target them on DSP right? You can also, again, as I said, there is, there is a search term based audience, right? So people who search for a product a keyword in exact match, but did not click on your product. So you can create an audience of those people, and you can target those people look like audience. You can do that as well. So, as Jamie must have mentioned, the QR code would really pull this off. If you really want to start looking at DSP. It's very easy. In 24 to 48 hours, you can get yourself a DSP advertiser account at this very moment, and very soon, you're going to have your own. But at this moment, if you want to get started, the first $5,000 of your DSP spends on Hector, we're not going to charge you anything. Or the first two months, we're not going to charge you anything. So there is no risk for you to start exploring DSP, and that's the reason why we are offering this opportunity for you. And after the first three months, we only going to charge you $100 or 3% of your ad spend, right? So that, and again, it's just 3% we are not charging you more than $100 I mean, even if you spend less than that, right? And that's

Speaker  437621:19
quite a lot of time to see if it really works or not, three months, right? Yeah. I mean, yeah,

Speaker  438757:19
absolutely. I mean, I mean, as I mentioned the four campaigns that I spoke about, I mean, if you run this for campaigns, I mean, it's a no brainer campaign, you ought to see a better results with this, right, if you run this strategically. So, yeah, so that's about me. That's about what I wanted to share, and I want to pass the, you know, the screen, to Torsten, and would love for him to share his insight. And then, after this, happy just quickly,

Speaker  445482:39
before we move on to Torsten, has anyone got any questions on what we just covered that you'd like to quickly ask now? Yeah, happy to answer, yeah. So just one question, so let's say somebody, let's say somebody searched for, you know, one liter water bottle. I can basically create an audience of people that have searched for one liter water bottle, and just those people. But also if, if I if that was doing really well, I could get a look alike audience based on those types of people as well.

Speaker  453861:20
Yeah. I mean, I would, I would create the look alike audience of the people who bought my first leader, bought a water bottle, and because that would be the best audience for me to to create a look alike audience of because those are certain people who have actually bought that product, right, rather than the people who search for the product. But, yeah, but there would be less people who search for a one liter water bottle, rather than you know, saying that you know water bottle. So if you search for water bottle, that you will find more people. But if you really want to go narrow, and if you know that there will be enough searchers, then you can create an audience of those people, and again, target those people. If there are High search volume, you can do one day. If it's less, you can do seven. If it's further less, you can even do 30 days. They can go after those people.

Speaker  465279:59
Yeah, awesome. Thanks. Let's go to Torsten now.

Speaker  466576:00
Yeah, thank you. Yeah, thanks a lot. Thanks, Jamie, thanks. Thanks, Mayor. Yeah, great presentation. I think Hector is a great tool. They've got lots of lots of different options, lots very data driven. That's particularly what I like. They were really fast with the AMC integration and the DSP offer. I mean, I'm not associated with Hector at all, but the DSP offer is very, very cheap. If you get like, a like a seat from someone else, and you have to pay a lot more, like, minimum, $1,000 or so. So that offer is definitely really good. So yeah, thank you, Mayor for offering that to the to the group, and yeah, so I just want to go a little bit deeper on the audiences. And I think your objective for that the presentations is now, okay, what can you actually do after the call if you don't use, if you don't use sector to but still then use AMC? So let's. Yes, let's start here. I go fast on the on the details, on the introduction, so there's not too much overlap from what you've already heard. But yeah, in general, I think when it comes to audience, and I focus on audiences, what's the current state is many focus on keyword based targeting the limitation, it really is search term capture intent, but not identity or context. So that means what we're missing is we're really missing to reach the person or the right person behind the search. And that's sort of where AMC and audience come in with we're sort of shifting to from behavior to identity, literally how meta works, how how Google works as well. What we can do now is we can target actual people. Actual people, not just keywords. And we've got a lot of targeting modes that are available, not just an AMC, and we've got the AMC custom audience called audiences viewed purchase Kat at frequency, cross ace and so on, look alikes, and may have talked about a few. So we can target those. So we can create our own we've got inbuilt audiences that everyone has access to. So if you don't feel like creating any any custom audiences, you can still select these three that Amazon offers or your campaign types. And we've got already had, like sponsored display audiences that are that available as well that do a lot more broad targeting. And then we can also do business customers. Now, if you've got a an office brand, for example, and you know, you've got a lot of business card you can also target them specifically. So yeah, what that means? And we're not no longer just keyword buyers or keyword advertisers, but we're now becoming like audience strategy strategists for the ones that that that run the accounts. And yeah, similar to how Facebook works or meta works, you can literally do different things for different parts of the funnel. So you can target top of funnel, you can target bottom of funnel, you can target some sort of consideration. And that's, I feel like is really the big, big shift. And in Amazon, and it gives you just so many more opportunities to not only target more specifically, but also when, if you believe that, okay, bottom of funnel might the Convert might be higher, that you're also increasing ad efficiency. And that's I feel like, what's what's good. So as an example, I like your search capture interest, but all needs to provide context. Protein Powder is obviously a bloody expensive keyword, or any sort of supplement that you can think of as bloody expensive to get, but if you can sort of fine tune that with like view before, maybe has sort of looked at your detail page before and not purchased, has maybe clicked your ad and not purchased there, certainly there's in consideration and consideration stage. So it means you might get this keyword normally at, I don't know, like 100% ACOs, but now that you can also put in an audience modifier, you might get this now to 50% a course, and because the conversion rate just might be higher. And that is, I think, the biggest when you think about audiences. That's sort of like what you have to think about. And so you can make better targeting by overlaying audiences. When it comes to this, AMC, audiences, this is probably not something that is completely separate. Like, this is not like, Okay, you you do keyword targeting and then you're doing audience targeting now and then audience targeting will overtake the states that that you're generating. That will not be the case. So it's more like you're layering audiences on top of what you're already doing, or creating new campaigns to make, to create certain outcomes, and I sort of summarize it here on the right hand side. So what can you actually expect from targeting audiences? Now this won't be doubling your sales, but it will create incremental sales at better profit, mainly because for certain audiences, the conversion rate is probably better and better. Conversion rate means lower echoes, in general, better at efficiency, like better conversion rates. So I think that look like audiences or consideration finals. So if you're retargeting certain shoppers, they're already warmer and warmer audiences tend to have a better conversion right now. So hence your overarching ad efficiency, your ag costs will be better as well. If you are a brand that has that focuses on repeat purchases, then you can also do that. And maybe you've got an issue there, or you see the value in it, or your strategy is okay, I want to get as much repeat purchases as soon as possible. What you can do now is you can actually create specific strategies and campaigns around this and to target, to target these. The same with new to brand. You can also create separate strategies around targeting YouTube brand, and then, therefore improve efficiency that. So that's really what it's what it's about for. And just to give you an idea, like, I mean, like, what is he talking about? Like, does this? Does this move to dialog? So this is, this is, this is from one account. And these ones are all AMC campaigns. You can sort of see all the same things that may have mentioned, like, click not purchase, add to Kat not purchase, multiple detailed page views. This is not too bad. This is, this is not too bad at all like, particularly the rowers as well. And this is a brand that is in a competitive space. It gets really good sales and really good rowers with AMC specific campaigns.

Speaker  569061:20
That's great. Yeah.

Speaker  569765:20
In terms of audience examples, don't want to spend too much time on this, but, but what you can think about, okay, what? What could you target? What are the options? Just to expand sort of your your frame there, you've got the remarketing audience as well. So think about all the events that could happen. I search for specific keywords. May I mention that clicked an ad, looked at your PDP, added to Kat, but didn't, didn't follow through, has purchased in the past, added to wish list, Subscribe and Save customer or not. So these ones are all the things you could target as an event, and this is what we can do with AMC. Then you've got look alike audiences, right? What's never happened on on Amazon is a no brainer for Facebook advertisers. So look like audiences are shoppers who just behave similar to existing converters. Yeah. So think about, okay, you want to retarget your existing high value customers that really, you know, buy a lot from you, so you create look like audience of those with that then creates like an audience with similar characteristics of this existing audience, or, for example, you look

Speaker  588330:40
alike. Campaigns tend to work. Helen, how well do those campaigns tend to work? So I'm sure Remarketing is like at that then gonna be pretty Yeah.

Speaker  590682:40
It did. Yeah. It highly. It highly correlates with the audience size. Highly correlate with the audience size. Like, if you you can obviously create different look like audiences that are sort of, you know, very specific, like they they need to 100% fit. For example, I like all the characteristics that Amazon users need to fit, then that audience size becomes pretty low. And you can also do like a broad look like audiences. So there's where the characteristics, sort of, you know, can be aligned to your existing customers. So it really depends on on your audience size that you've got, and obviously the bigger audience, and the more specific like the bigger audience, but the better it fits, the better it performs. Another example, we Subscribe and Save customers with modern X purchases, for example, or what we always do or like for my account as well, obviously, previous buyers on Prime Day, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, like, okay, look like audiences of people that have bought a lot of units at previous big shopping events. And you can look like audience of those. So you can find customers that are similar to those, and then target them over black week, for example. Now, and the other one, let's say cross sell, is also a good one. You're selling vitamin D, and maybe it may be, maybe like at magnesium. So the one that has that is already buying the vitamin D from you, and that's that's a good customer. Maybe it does. He or she also has already purchased more than three orders, but now you want to cross sell that to the magnesium product. Obviously, they're happy with your brand. Otherwise they wouldn't buy again. So then you target those, and you can target those with that keyword in conjunction. So I think what that you know your target magnesium, but you're targeting existing customer. They know your brand, the conversion rate is probably higher than just targeting magnesium. That is sort of the idea. There's also business customers, right? There's also some Amazon default audiences, and there's also a lot of sponsored display audiences. And sponsored display is great when it comes to audience. Comes to audience so similar to do DSP. The only sort of downside of that is the placements for SD are pretty much or mainly on the PDP, on the product detail page and not really on search. But there's also a lot of options, no

Speaker  628272:00
ranking benefit as well, right? Yeah, yeah. Well, no direct

Speaker  629328:00
ranking benefit, yeah. Given it's sort of mainly on the PDP, correct? I won't go through them so we don't run out of time. So then, then we're thinking, Okay, what's, you know, what? What could be like an outcome of this call, Hey, and like, which audience should you target? And obviously, we've mentioned so many already. I just went into the AMC console, and everyone has access to this now. I like that. It's in your ad console under Amazon Marketing Cloud, and then you've got use cases by category. So I just went into audiences. And then these ones are all favorites here, and you can sort of see the no brainers, like, like, what could you do after the call and set up? And there's, like, four main ones, I believe. And may I let me know if you've got anything else? Ads, but I think these will be pretty much aligned on the topic. So you can do audience that added to Kat but did not purchase. Someone went all the way on your detail page and added to Kat but not purchased yet. So pretty warm. We've got someone with multiple detail page views. So looked multiple times but still did not purchase. Audiences that clicked sponsored ads but did not purchase. Or let's say they searched for yoga mat, but they haven't bought a yoga mat yet. So they're also quite warm. And then we've got sorry this they have clicked and these ones not purchased. They actually just have searched but not purchased.

Speaker  650085:20
And one of the good ones is also the one on this, the first the second one. And if you're if you're anybody, I think you a lot of people, I hear that sell supplements and stuff like that. So if you have frequent buyers, but they've not yet explored Subscribe and Save. I mean, this is one of the good audience that you know, you can consider doing that. Yeah,

Speaker  655322:40
yeah. Correct. 100% if you have repeat purchase already doing, Subscribe and Save, then this is a no brainer as well. So these ones, these ones are the ones so and, yeah, simplified maybe, maybe from another view, and you can sort of see it here as well. Like, no brainer for all like, for all brands, despite whether you're doing supplements or repeat purchases or not, these ones are the ones you should do, the four that I've just mentioned. And then a look alike of high value customers, yeah, that's sort of, that's what, what I we would probably recommend. And then, if you've got a gift giving brand, or you've got a q4 brand or something that with that, people often gift there's also an audience where you can say, okay, edit to register the wish list. So it was also in conservation standard consideration stage. So you can also retarget them. If you've got a lot of business products, office or soil or you know that your business proportion is high, and you can also target business customers. And as mayor just mentioned, if you do repeat purchases, then you do also these frequent purchases that have not enrolled and Subscribe and Save or frequent purchase that have stopped buying, like bought in the past from you multiple times, but haven't bought, let's say, in the last 90 days, even though you've got a product that should be bought every 30 days, these ones, these ones are here, and then for these ones, things like supplement brands or or beauty or so you can also create local like audiences of Subscribe and Save customers, for example. So these ones are sort of the no brainers on, on, what should be on, what should be done. So how do we do this now? Like, what would you or your team do in order to create those four I've not picked one that is multiple detailed page views but did not purchase. So what you do is you go into the AMC console, and then you've got two options. You've got template, which is the instruction accrue. You know, you literally select this on here, and then you go from there. Or you do a you you can also write it in text. Think about this one as the chat GPT for AMC audiences, you literally describe like a text and then, and then they give you the code for now, these ones are the two options. Let's start with the first one so we've got the same view here on ads, on the ads console again, you click audience with multiple detailed page views, for example, as one of the no brainer audiences for all brands. And then this template shows up here, and it's pretty easy. All you have to do is you select your advertiser, which is a geo account, then the country, if it has multiple these ones are rule based audiences, so it's already there. You give it a good name, because later on, when it comes to adding these audiences to a campaign, you need to select this. So I just did detail page for you larger than three. And now purchase you do look back period, what you think makes sense, obviously, depending on where we are within in the season. And this could be 714, 30 days in this exam I did 14 days, and then you put the parameter in here, yeah, I mean on detail, page views per customer. I did three, and then ASINs to include. So if you leave this blank, it's literally for all your ASINs on the account. Or you create separate audiences for, like, your big product group. So if you've got a lot of product groups that don't sell a lot, these audiences probably won't be big enough and won't be created. So that does might not work, and also wouldn't go too granular. So maybe you start with your big product groups that generate a lot of sales to test with those, or just leave it across the brand, and then let Amazon later divide, or let Amazon help you later to to match the right, asin with the with this audience. But this is, this is how you, how you would do it. So, pretty simple. And then you, literally, there's a button here, that's okay. And then this audience gets created. Yeah, that's, that's the easy one. You can also do it like with the audience as secret generator, yeah. This one. What I put in here create an audience of shoppers that searched by yoga mat large or yoga mat big, both as contain match, so almost like as a phrase match during the last 14 days, but have not made a purchase yet, so they're still in consideration phase, and they're interested, but haven't really made the call yet. So and then this takes two minutes, and then it literally created this secret query that you can then copy to editor and then press a button. You don't have to do anything, you don't have to change anything. You can actually create the audience there. And if it's hard for you to read the sequel, because you're this is not your strength. Amazon, also it gives you this one which translates this sequel into plain text, and then you can sort of see, here's how the query works. It tells you exactly what it does. And if this is not right, it's like GPT, then you can make changes, but very, very easy to create audiences, either via the templated version here, or you can also do yourself. If you're a little bit more advanced and you want to have, like, a very specific or distinct, cool idea on what you can do, then you can also do that. So then the outcome of this step will be, we have audiences. We we might have, let's say these, these four here. We've got these audiences. We either have one for the brand or we have multiple, which means, okay, one for each of our major product groups. But let's say we've got multiple now. We've got multiple campaigns, audiences now we have to add them to campaigns. Yeah, that is sort of what we do, and we get to that in a sec. What we should do should be existing campaigns and new campaigns. But in general, what you do is you go into into a campaign, if it's already, if it's there, then you go to bid adjustments, a bit adjustments is the tab where you can see sort of these placements, a top of search, rest of search product pages so on. They've got an Amazon business placement here, they also have audiences here. So when I click audiences, I didn't get the black button change audiences. And then here I can either pick the inbuilt audiences that I showed you before, like these three, if you don't want to create your own, or you go to increase bids on custom audiences, credit and in AMC. And then you can sort of see here, there's like a there's like a search button here, you know, I did multiple then I then select the audiences I want to create or I want to select. And then when it comes to like in sponsor product and sponsor brand, how do I access this? Now I access this with a bid modifier. Yeah, that means you've got your standard campaign. If it's in this company, you have your standard campaign, and then you modify up to reach this audience. Let's say you've got $1 and bid and you believe this. Let's say conversion rate is doubles. For example, you could put like, 100% modifier on this, and then what you would do is, with the $1 base bid, you would then target around $2 for a particular audience. This is sort of

Speaker  770832:00
change. Audience, button is only for sponsored display.

Speaker  771712:00
No, no. This is for sponsored product and sponsored brands.

Speaker  773216:00
Okay. Audience, you're boosting your audience bits. I mean, you're you're boosting the bids only if this audience comes to the picture when, when the ads are shown.

Speaker  776853:19
Okay, so the inbuilt audience thing will be there for all of the different campaigns, but you can only target business buyers on sponsor display.

Speaker  779578:40
Yes, okay, yeah.

Speaker  780858:39
I mean these ones. Everyone has got these. But, like, you don't have to do anything these inbuilt audiences. So they are already there. Like everyone has got those, but they are so the, let's say, if you I wouldn't say lazy. But if you believe this is Amazon does better than than you, then you use this one. What you don't have impact on is on these ones. You don't have a look back period. This is like 90 days, for example. Click product edit to Kat. This is the last 90 days. If you believe, hey, my product, I don't know, target 90 days, because that's probably not interesting anymore. Then you create your own AMC audience, and also this one is always for the brand, so for everything. So that's why these ones are good if you if you don't want to go into AMC, but you probably do better job if you specify your own custom look back period, custom product groups, and obviously also these ones are these ones are not too bad. But there's like, let's say the micro detail page views is not in here. There's sort of certainly some missing there's only these three, not more. So I would not use this. One, I would use the bottom one create your own AMC audiences, and then pick those. You can attach these to sponsor product and sponsor brand campaigns.

Speaker  802591:59
Just Just remember one thing, that whenever you add an audience in a campaign, the advertised Asin and the audience that you're creating an AMC has to be the same because if you, if you have an advertising which is a shampoo, but if you created an audience of a conditioner, and if you're going to add that, add to Kat audience in it, and choose to increase your bids for it, it's not going to work for you, right? So you've got to be super relevant when you're creating these audience. So it's important for you to have one on one, matching with your advertising to the add to cart audience that you created of that asin, right? The one of the reasons why the Amazon's audience are not working in most of the cases is because they are all the ASINs put together, so they're just just combined together. And you can't just add those prospective, you know, shoppers into your campaign and expect them to work for you by increasing your bids. So it's important that you create your dedicated audience, and you put them in the dedicated campaign with that same advertising, and you choose to increase your boost bids for that,

Speaker  823013:20
right, right? Yeah, 100% agree, correct. There's an option there, but yeah, don't guess. Don't. Don't use them. Use these ones, because they're much more targeted for you. And then yeah. So the question and always obviously say, okay, like, do you add them to your existing campaigns? You create new campaigns. So these ones are the two options that you've got, and what I'm what I'm putting on here is, so there's two options, if you can add it to existing campaigns, like, how would that work? And may already made the example on his on his talk, you literally leave the bits unchanged. Let's say you've got an exact campaign that has, you know, that targets in there that is going where for you, you literally leave that unchanged, and then you but you can still select an audience, right? Because if we believe that audiences have better conversion rates, and hey, I want to, I want to probably put this to an existing campaign. So what you can do is you can select the audience. For example, a no brainer. Add to Kat, no purchase. May I think you mentioned the same. I add to Kat nor purchase. You can add to that. Or you can do search no purchase, if, the, if the, if this was single keyword campaign, for example, or multiple detailed purchase, and then you literally use, like, a modest modifier, I would say, you know, 15, 25% a where you would say, Hey, I'm happy to boost or to modify my existing bids, if I can get to this audience, yeah. And if this campaign already has 40% a cost, you might not want to go too high. But remember, hey, we our, our thought process is, I'm happy to bid more for one more audience, given the conversion rate should also be better, yeah. And hence, I'm actually willing to bid more, even though the campaign might not be at the perfect ACOs, but I'm but I'm happy to bid more. So this is like a a an easy way to implement AMC audiences on existing campaigns. The result here, really is, yeah, incremental sales for audiences, and that can be tracked also by the audience tab. Don't expect too many incremental sales, yeah, because obviously you might, you, you're, you're mainly bidding for legacy placements at top of search, rest or search or product pages, but if Amazon finds and finds a match between the audience and and the search query, you're willing to pay a little bit more, and that's where you can create incremental sales on this campaign. And then the second approach will be you create new campaigns. Now I would do. Again, I would do both you create new campaigns, and what we do is, and that's also from the screenshot I showed, and what we do is, we create new auto campaigns. And the reason why we create auto campaigns because we're getting this like all the placements that are possible. So we literally not limiting Amazon with certain search terms. We do we want Max placements. And then again, we select an audience. You can always only select one audience. Let's say the add to cart, not purchase. And then we keep, we keep the bids low. They are the bids that we are putting. Let's say for the substitute target in the order. And let's say 50 to 70% less than your normal CP, CPC here, and then we use a high modifier to then reach the audience. The thought process is, I want to focus this campaign on the audience only. That means I'm under bidding, non AMC placements. I'm under bidding to. Search and product pages. I don't want to get there. Don't give me too many placements there, but modify up so I still get a placement for AMC. Yeah, that is sort of the idea here. You obviously wouldn't do this here, because here you want to target these non AMC placements. Here you want to target mainly AMC placements. And the result it will be, then, okay, increment the sales for audiences and and likely. So this will be likely increment, also low CPC sales at great acres for non audiences. Yeah, that would also be the case. That means, even though, if you bid, let's say you bid like 20 cents and you modify up, you might still get non AMC, audience sales, but generally at a very good ACOs, right? Because you're bidding, you're bidding so low, you almost treat it like as a auto catch all that is a low bid, but still have the audience on top. Yeah.

Speaker  896128:00
So one thing I can add, if I can, is that don't leave any campaign without an audience. And one of the audience is obviously the add to cart audience. And if your Add to Cart audience is not working, go ahead with the DPV audience. If a DPV audience is not getting enough clicks, go ahead and do the search from audience, and don't get lazy to not look at what your audience are performing against the campaign's performance. Because sometimes, if you just increase your bids by 20% and you still and you end up seeing a much better performance of that audience, you can go ahead and start increasing it for that from the 20% to even 40% to 80% if the a cost that you're seeing is far better than what you are seeing at a campaign level, you you will identify that there is a buffer for you, so you start increasing your boosting from there on. But yeah, it's it's difficult for you to see that, but it's important for you to keep measuring that and looking at that. It's not a one time play and forget about it, right? So it's important for you to check that.

Speaker  914047:59
Yeah, exactly. Thanks, man. Obviously Hector is great for that, because you even look at audience performance, campaign manager is not so great, yeah, because you have to go into every single campaign to check it, that's where you guys did a much better job. But how would this look like? Like, okay, how would

Speaker  918549:20
an case, in case anyone has got to leave, Belen, if you could just put the air table in the chat so that anyone who's got to leave could just give us a rating on there, and I'm going to hand over to Torsten to finish up, and then there will be some Q and A, if anyone has to leave, you can catch up on the catch up on the recording tomorrow. But yeah, thanks Torsten. I've got to go. I'll look forward to catching up.

Speaker  925562:40
Thanks, Jamie. Two more slides, two more slides,

Speaker  926810:40
two more slides. Hope everyone else can hold on see.

Speaker  927674:39
Yeah, thanks, Mike. Yeah. So how could this look like on your on your ad setup? And let's assume this is your standard ad setup. Let's say for particular product, Google, for product, you've got your auto exact phrase, broad as in category. Let's say for sponsored product, you've got the same for sponsored brands, extremely auto. What you could do, leave everything as it is, and then has said the same, add a add an audience to it, SM, W, do the clicked on the order the Add to cut on the exact or you do the add to cart. All of them, you have to, you have to, you have to, have to test what performs. Use a moderate modifier to start with, see what's happening. This would be on your existing campaigns. Leave everything as it is. Don't have to change any bit management, any rules. If you use a software, just add this in and then see how it's performing. That's that's sort of the easy one. And then on top of that, you create new campaigns. There are these ones where you use the auto campaigns. For example, you select an audience and then you've got a high modifier, low bid, high modifier. That means what you would do is, step one, add an audience to existing campaigns with a small modifier or booster, and then create new campaigns. Low bid you want to under bid your existing non AMC placements, and then add a higher modifier. Now, that's sort of how it would look. It's obviously a little bit annoying that we have to create so many new campaigns, for example. But the reason behind that is, for sponsor product, sponsored brand, you could only add one audience per campaign as of now, for sponsored display, you can add multiple that means I can add all of these in one sponsored display campaign. You could even add them to your existing product or category targeting campaign. But for sponsored product, you would only do do one, yeah, common questions that I've that I received. Okay. My audience does not get approved. What could be the reason for that? Often, the audience may just be too small, and that's why Amazon doesn't create it. I think there's also some cases when it comes to like some privacy. So that could be the case, and that that's why it doesn't work. It's just too small. Let's say you create a lookalike audience and say, Oh, I don't know. You've got a brand that really no one adds that product to to a wishlist or register. Registry, right then the M then the audience just won't get created. Second issue could be, my audience does not get impressions again, and the audience may still be too small. Amazon can't give you impressions, and when you create it, you can see the audience size, but it might still be too small. And the other reason might be okay that your bid modifier combination, like your maybe your low bid and then your high modifier is just not competitive at the moment, so that's why you're not getting getting anything. So as mayor said, as well, hey, set it up and then see you might have to still fine tune certain things. The campaign gets impressions, but the AMC audience now that is also very, very common scenario. This, it looks like this. So this, this is, this is how it looks. So this is the audience's tracker, so to speak, for this campaign. And you can sort of see you've got the audience here, and then you've got campaign total. And this is actually an auto catch all, in my opinion, I will load it, and we've got 20% modifier on here as mentioned. But what happens here? You've got $5,000 of spend, but only $1,000 go to the AMC audience. So in this case, this is so now it's up to you. Okay, overall, it's bloody good rowers, right? Like 17.45 so in this case, I honestly wouldn't be changing too much, right? Because I would literally treat this as a low bid. Coach. Catch all, obviously, 23 cents is pretty low. Bloody good rowers, so treat this as a low bit. Catch all, where you've got a we've got an AMC oil is on top of that. If you don't like this, say, hey, no, I don't want. I really only want AMC impressions and clicks and so on. The only thing that you can do here is you need to reduce the base bit. Now the base bid would be lower than 23 cents, because it's this. This is a weighted average here. I made maybe 20 cents or so. So you need to lower the base bid and then modify back up, potentially to the CPC. I don't know, like a like, like a 10 cent for example, and then a 500% modifier to get back back to 60 cents. But this is a very common scenario. So base bid maybe too high. So what you do is you lower your base bit so you're under bidding or non AMC placements, or and, or modify not high enough, and then you increase the modifier. So these ones are the things, yeah, one, one last thing, I think this, this. This gets shared anyway, I think in the in the in the on the website like Manzur from incrementum, great, great and knowledgeable guy, and he created this, this AMC navigator as well as any, any additional questions in terms of AMC, this, this GPT can also do good coding, yeah, just, just ask this custom GPT as well for any questions. But yeah, we can open up for questions as well now. But yeah, thank you for staying just to take longer today. Okay, does anyone have any questions on that?

Speaker  1017861:20
I've got one question here, maybe may you can answer, how you make, how do you make sure that that states the brand is making is new to brand and not cannibalizing with SP ads. Assume a brand has AMC numbers are great, like 10 robots, but top line is the same. I mean, this is probably, I mean, this wouldn't be like an, like an AMC question, because you could, you're not cannibalizing with AMC. It's not a it's still within sponsored products, so you're not cannibalizing. But maybe you can probably talk about when you use DSP. That is always a topic.

Speaker  1027392:00
Yeah. I mean, this is, I mean, I am understanding is a bit that this has nothing to do with with the DSP side of the business, and this is purely to do with the sponsored product. And as as Torsten mentioned, this is pure searchers, because this is sponsored product and sponsored brand. And sponsored product and sponsored brand largely works on the search intent. So if the person is searching, and if you are choosing to increase your bids only for those people who have engaged with you in past, you are choosing to increase your bids for those people. So there's no way you're cannibalizing, but there is absolutely a reason for you to pay more for those people who are who are your. Directly converters so and in the in the you don't even need to go that far to look at if you're cannibalizing or not cannibalizing. Within the ad console, within the campaign itself, you can see that is your AMC audience giving you a better ROAs, looking at your higher CPC, but better conversion rate, and if that is doing good for you, then you can choose to even increase your bids. But if it's not doing good for you, you can choose to reduce your bid boosting, and you'll get your answer right there. I hope that I answered your questions.

Speaker  1050117:20
Thanks, Mayor. Yeah. Do we have any other other questions? AMC, DSP, PPC, in general?

Speaker  1052282:40
Hector, yeah, happy to answer. Yeah. Cool. I think that's in case, if you start AMC audience and didn't get any incremental sale, see, it's not about incremental sale. I mean, yeah, I mean, it would be incremental if you get a click and that converts, because that possibly you would have possibly not got a click if you would have not chosen to increase your bids for that, right? So you can definitely see that incremental sales in the AMC audience console within, in the AMC audience, when you go inside the campaign, what Torsten was showing you, right? So you can literally see how that audience performed for you in that campaign. Any no brainer audience recommended for SB ad types. I mean, again, add to cart. Audience is a no brainer. Audience, right? So I don't see, I mean, if you have a product which where you're investing a lot of money and you're getting a lot of clicks, you're definitely getting a lot of dpvs product page viewers. And if you're you're getting, definitely getting add to carts. So choose to do that. The other no brainer audience would be broad keyword searches, right? So if you have a broad keyword searches. And if you have a very good SP video which you are very proud of, and if you see that that video has a better conversion rate or a better CTR, I would choose those. I would create an audience of the people who search for that sort of search term in exact match. And I would add that into my sponsored brand campaign, even sponsored display, where I can now run even a video campaign, I would even do that with sponsored DSP campaign as well, right? If you're if your sponsored brand video is really good, right, if you have a good message,

Speaker  1081637:19
but in general, that the same is for sponsored products, sponsored products, sponsored brand can use the same and then for sponsored this way, you can also use them, plus you can use the the inbuilt audience that sponsored this way has to offer. You cannot bring them all into one campaign. Makes a lot easier, but they're but they are the same for sponsored brand as well. Yeah, yeah. Any other questions?

Speaker  1088272:00
Yeah, you have to start testing. I mean, the answer would be there for you, for your brand, if you start testing from add to cart to dpvs to search terms, and you'll get your answers, yeah.

Speaker  1092112:00
Does anyone have any any issues with AMC, or not getting any, any traction at all, or has anyone sort of tried AMC and had had like, awesome results,

Speaker  1095765:20
all right,

Speaker  1097621:20
to measure the performance of AMC audio. Seems like new reports are being rolled out at the unboxed event. I'm not. I

Speaker  1100522:40
can tell you the I can tell you on sponsor products, on the on the normal, like it's, there's no, there's no real report yet. That is sort of the issue that we've kind of got. So you have to literally go into even with the new Reporting Suite. It's for DSP and but not for AMC yet. So even if you, if you download it, you can't see anything. You have to go into each campaign, unfortunately. But yeah, if you use Hector, they've got a good dashboard.

Speaker  1107776:00
Yeah, yeah. So yeah, how is that's the right one. What Dawson is saying at this moment, you can't really figure out how your AMC audience is performing. But yeah, as I mentioned, you got to go check it out yourself to make that to measure it. Thanks.

Speaker  1112805:20
Yeah, Hector has a good dashboard. Ad Labs has a good dashboard in our way, where you can start with your audience and drill down into the campaigns, which is, which is pretty awesome, but yeah, for non software users, it's, it's very manual, yeah, yeah, okay, I think that's, that's probably a wrap for now. Thanks everyone for joining. If you've got every any other question. And the details for Hector's, I think in the Facebook group, will be also on a mobile call or otherwise, yes, just text and I forwarded to me how, yeah, have a great Have a great day ahead, and hope you all having a great Black Friday week from tomorrow. Thanks guys,

Speaker  1124480:00
best luck. Yeah, cool. Thanks a lot. Thank you guys. Have a great thanks. Maya and team. Thank you guys, thanks a lot. Thank you Bill and thank you. Bye, everyone.
