Kyle Goguen
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1424:00
So today I'm going to talk to you guys about developing a new product for our brand carbon. So we're a pickleball paddle and gear manufacturer, so everything I'm going to talk about is off Amazon, so just launching into retail and our Shopify site, honestly, there's will be and a ton of spillover into Amazon. We just didn't have enough inventory for Amazon for this launch, so that's why we didn't launch it there as well. You get the picture. Here's my resume. Been a member since 2017 so I had a pet business prior to the pickleball business. I sold that in May of 2022 to private equity. That business does about 75 million in sales these days. And then I started carbon with a business partner in 2021 and I've been focused on carbon full time since June of 2024 so a little less than a year this is just a picture that shows you what we do. We manufacture paddles, bags that you see on the ground, apparel, the glasses are ours. Balls, just everything you need to play pickleball at a high level. So we're very much a performance driven brand, and we cater to the best players, or the people who want to be the best or think they're the best. Yeah, there's a lot of people. So here's the meta results for you know that small amount of spend that we had, you can see like our CPA went down 78% ROAs up 687%

Speaker  25717:20
our revenue is up 2600

Speaker  26373:20
I mean, you can read them here, but the whole point is that every metric across everything we could look at was, you know, through the roof in a positive direction. I guess I also want to touch on that. I understand that not every industry is pickleball. Like I get that Pickleball is growing crazy. And you might write this off and just say, you know, like, all right, how do I, how do I do this in my my niche? And it's true, some are, some niches are harder than others, but I would say, I think, you know, just take the time to try to figure out how you can maximize the exposure that you can, you can get in your, your specific industry. I came from the pet space prior to pickleball, and it was harder, I will admit that, but knowing what I know now, I would have done things a lot differently and spent more time differentiating up front, instead of just trying to sell basically the same dog treats that everybody else was selling. And I think this one right here like so finding your differentiation, obviously, but this concept of a magic moment, this came from a friend that mentioned this at a mastermind. And every time he develops a product, he tries to come up with this magic moment. And I think that was crucial for us as well. Like, we wanted someone to play with the paddle and have a different experience, or see something different about it. And it, like, really resonates. So like, every time you develop a product, think about that and try to figure out, like, you know, whether it's an unboxing experience or the first time they put some sort of like skincare on their face, like something that makes it stand out, different than the competition. I guess I already talked about the organic hype and interest in differentiated product. But another big thing is all the content producers will be clamoring to work with you, and this was very much the case. And I'll show you guys in a second. Normally in the pet industry, I was used to trying to, you know, convince everyone to talk about our product, because there was so much hype around this, everyone was coming to us, and it was, you know, kind of reverse those roles, which is really cool to see. And also, we raised our so our new product, our new paddles, are $280 the original paddles are 230 so we raised it 50 bucks just because of the innovation that we we added here. All right, so I'm going to walk through the product that we developed, how we kind of built brand trust and a community prior to launching the kind of narrative that we told and the asset creation that we did in advance, the hype that was built, and then how we actually launched it in those two days, into what audiences, in what order. And I already talked about the results, but you kind of get the point. So this is the product. It's a 100% foam core pickleball paddle, which is kind of first of its kind in our industry. Everything else was made with Honeycomb, which is what you can see on the right. And there's some durability and kind of playability concerns with Honeycomb. So we spent 18 months developing something completely different, so that on the right there is actually what our core looks like on the inside. That's my business partner's hand. We convinced a doctor to break all kinds of HIPAA laws, I'm pretty sure. And let us X ray his hand with a paddle to show you so like, that's actually what it looks like on the inside, which is way different than honeycomb. And so we were able to kind of convince the industry that this is generation four technology. So up until this point, everyone was playing in the. Like Gen three honeycomb world, and this is Gen four. And so as it stands right now, we're basically the only one in this gen four category. So to develop the product, we spent a lot of time getting feedback over the 18 months. And I think this is crucial as you guys try to figure out how to differentiate. So for us, we use sponsored athletes, so professional pickleball players, ambassadors and affiliates and governing bodies within pickleball, and that's who we were, kind of every step of the way, giving prototypes to and getting feedback until we came up with, kind of what we decided was, like the perfect product. So I just encourage you guys to figure out how to get this feedback loop. Like, how do you get your group of customers. So with athletes, it's easy if we pay them already, so they kind of have to listen to us and give us feedback. It's literally in their contracts. But for ambassadors and affiliates, they're really excited by the brand, and they love getting stuff early and new and telling us about it, and the governing bodies, they're just a pain in the ass and more of hoops to jump through, but they were integral in making sure that we're following the rules so that these piles could be played with at a pro level. So as far as community and brand building, I would say if you're developing something new and innovative, it's important to have a brand that people trust already, if you can, and so to do that, we've developed other products in the past, and we also have a pretty significant Discord server that's been integral to our growth. So it's only 4700 members in it, but it's like our kind of hardest core fans and our ambassadors in there. And what we realized was we were running this program just emailing everybody, and that was very much like a one to many relationship, where we would tell them, you know, to go promote products and things like that. But once we switched it to discord, now they all talk to each other, and they become friends, and that's changed the dynamic significantly and helped us, like, really, really grow frankly, and everyone says, you know, you want to build an army and all this. But it really discord was the unlock on that, because they start to, I don't know, band together and really rally behind what we're doing. Another thing, just from a brand standpoint, is try to stand out and be different. So all of the other, the majority of the other performance pickleball brands, kind of follow the same branding guidelines. I would say they all just post highlight clips of their pro players hitting good shots. And it's like, very boring and generic, and there's no personality. So we tried to kind of flip that on its on its head. We're, you know, based in Southern California, so we kind of have this cooler, edgier like Southern California, like surf vibe combined with the performance side. And we try to, you know, tell our story as the owners of the brand. And I think that's helped us differentiate to, you know, our fans and also random other people as we kind of built hype for this product. So in terms of trusts, like, you know, we've been featured in all the different publications prior to this, which helped we had our past past paddle was named, like you know, the number one most popular paddle by a handful of publications and all these other awards, which really helped us as we kind of touted this new technology that people like trusted us, that it was actually legit to run the launch. We It was super simple tech stack. We're on Shopify Plus, but you don't have to be on plus. And we have three stores. We have our direct to consumer website, like everybody has. We have a B to B website where we sell into retail. And then we have an ambassador portal where all of our ambassadors get 50% off product, and they can kind of self serve and buy stuff and promote it. We use social snowball to manage all of the affiliate Ambassador relations. And then I already mentioned discord a bunch, but that's where we kind of put all of these like community pieces together. All right? So you know, at this point, you know, we have our community, we're working on the technology behind the scenes, and at the same time, we're building the narrative from a marketing standpoint and a marketing asset standpoint of what we're going to tell the public and what we're going to tell all of the influential people in pickleball. So this is a point where photography, videography, 3d graphics, all that sort of thing are super crucial. If you're innovating like you really need to be able to tell people why it's different. I don't Okay, there's some audio in here. We don't need to watch this whole thing. But this whole video is just talking about the differences between old technology and new technology, about all the different prototypes and things that we've been through to really sell the story that this is different than anything you've ever played with. And some a lot of the imagery we did was just all countdown timer based, and kind of like mysterious, like on the you could sort of see the paddle and all that kind of stuff really crushed. When people were kind of like trying to figure out what we were coming out with, they knew it was, like foam related, but they didn't know what we were actually releasing. Yeah. Sorry, all of our meta creative we had built in advance as well. So I recommend just getting all that stuff ready to go before your launch. And honestly, we didn't do anything that crazy, just a couple static graphics, a few videos and those ads crushed.

Speaker  164752:00
So to build hype, once we knew exactly what we were going to launch. We seeded the product to all the major affiliates in our space. So these are paddle reviewers. These are people who are mega nerds when it comes to pickleball, and people really trust their opinions on things. So we knew they were all most of them are going to be at this event in Dallas. We flew out there, we took them all to dinner, and we gave them these early release paddles, and we we didn't make them sign contracts, but we verbally made them agree to test all the products, but we put in an embargo on all the product specs so they could talk on their different podcasts and their YouTube channels about the new product, about how it played, but they couldn't tell Anyone how it was constructed, or any of like, the numbers that they were getting when they were doing their various tests. And I think that did that, like, helped build a lot of hype, because all they could say was, like, I got this paddle from carbon. It's been awesome so far, but I can't tell you more. And I mean, like, just that statement alone made people just, like, want to tune in, and they, you know, people are posting on Reddit trying to figure out what we were making and all of that. We pre sold to B to B. We sent emails to them letting them know of the new technology, and we said we're going to sell out. So place your orders now. Anybody who places orders now will get in line. And this was two months before we launched, and a lot of those people actually paid their invoices as well, because they thought if they paid, they would get kind of earlier access, which is great from a cash flow perspective. And then we also pre sold to our ambassadors three weeks before launch. So we timed that purposefully that they would get the paddles, test them out, and then be ready to post on social and tell their communities like on on launch day. So every all of this was just leading up to essentially january 30, like everybody knew that the embargo on all this information was lifted on the 30th, specifically, and our goal was to be everywhere all at once on that date, with a ton of hype before that, but no real information until launch day. So here's the actual launch that I just mentioned. So 12 hours before the launch date, we went live on Discord, and that was when we had the like, roughly 900 people join and listen in, and we gave them an exclusive pre launch link to go buy the product before anybody else. So anybody who was on Discord got to buy it before, and we told them, do not share this link with anybody else. And they obviously then just went and shared the link with everybody else, which is what we really wanted them to do. But, like, because we were so adamant that they shouldn't and couldn't share, then it leaked faster, I think. And so I think we had the 900 people on the call, and then, you know, like, within a couple hours, we had sold, I don't know, I think close to, like, 1500 like, orders. So it's like, clearly these people are telling their friends, because it's more than that. We're on the call. And it was a great opportunity where they got to ask a ton of questions, and a lot of those people kind of became our advocates, because they got to ask the owners of the brand, like about this new technology, and they're the ones commenting in Facebook groups and and on Reddit, answering all these various questions. And so day one was january 30. That's the day it was the public launch. That's the date that we had been pushing everywhere, all at once, at essentially midnight, the website changed, social changed. We sent out an email, SMS, and all the reviewers, the YouTube reviewers and the pickleball publications, all posted their reviews and their videos on everything. And I would say, I think we did a really good job that those next two days, like you couldn't go anywhere related to pickleball without seeing us. So we just blanketed every channel. And if they didn't know about us, they did at that point. And then the main thing we were doing, from like a team standpoint, was just continuing to engage with all of these kind of people asking questions about the technology. So on every meta video, on every YouTube video, people were just, you know, flooding it with comments asking good, bad otherwise, like saying it was the shittiest thing, and everyone saying it was good, good things, like whatever it was, we answered everything. And I think that really helped kind of convert people and made us look great as a brand, that we were actually kind of commenting on these YouTube videos. So this is a screenshot to just show you what I mean. So there was probably double or triple this number of YouTube videos all at once. So this was on january 30. All of these dropped on all these people's channels, and you can see all their like click baity thumbnails. So again, what I just want you guys to understand is, in my experience, if you're in the right industry and you really take the time to innovate, it's going to take a lot of effort and money up front, but it pays dividends, you know, like, I'd rather innovate up front than bang my head against the table trying to optimize meta after the fact, it just improves every KPI you can imagine. And I guess, you know, for us, the biggest issue has just been supply chain, which is a whole other presentation, because we've been out of stock for on and off for the last month and a half. So Oh, one other thing too, 11 labs. I recommend you guys check that out for anything voiceover. So that video that I sort started to play, my business partner, he recorded the voiceover in his voice, and then what you can do is you take that, that voice file, and you upload it to 11 labs, and you can overlay a new voice on top of it. And why this is like way better than just creating the voice from scratch is it will use his like timing and cadence, and it will match it exactly to the existing video, so he had already recorded perfect for the video, and then we just put a better sounding voice that matched everything exactly right. And I could send you guys the example of the audio files, but it's pretty cool technology, yeah, so I know that was a lot, and I was kind of definitely rambling at points, but we've got roughly like five minutes, and I want to make sure that I have time to answer any questions. So anyone got anything? Yeah, sorry, first picking industry. Do you have any

Speaker  270266:40
mental model for saying this industry is good? This one licensed like 90% of this is applicable once you

Speaker  272394:40
pick the right industry. Yeah? I mean, it's a good question. So if you couldn't hear his question was, like, how do I think about picking an industry, right? Like, that's, that's the one we're all looking for. Is like, how do you find pickleball, right? I don't have a great answer for that, other than, you know, all of the tools that you guys use, you know, keyword trends on Google, Amazon, the opportunity explorer, trying to find not just a niche, but an overall brand, or, sorry, an overall niche is, or industry is what I would look for. But I think one thing I didn't hit on is like, when you find it, you will know when you sell something into that everyone talks about product market fit, and I spent 10 years with a successful pet business, and I've never felt anything like this. Is like, when you know it like, everyone will want to buy your product, as opposed to you trying to convince everybody to buy your product. So that's the result. It's a little bit tough to, like, reverse engineer how to get there, but I would say that having a big enough tam is important. You know, I've been listening to a handful of podcasts, and especially as like, I think more people these days are struggling. They're worried about tariffs and stuff like that. Like, you need to pick an industry that's big enough that you have enough room to grow also, and then hopefully you're on something that's a rocket ship. But partially it's just an industry where people care about innovation too. So maybe it doesn't need to be growing, but they care about something that's differentiated. Like, if you differentiate with a spatula, like, that's probably tough to convince people that it's really something different. But higher end products, I think you can follow a similar model there. Yeah, of course, yeah. It's about this characteristic of people valuing innovation.

Speaker  298757:20
And can you just give us some more unique details of the kinds of things you notice with this kind of buyer? You guys?

Speaker  301018:40
Yeah, so we have a handful of customer personas, and I'll try to touch on, like, maybe two really marquee ones that matter here. So we have your hardcore I would call them, like, paddle head people, and those are the people that know every spec of every brand, and they're watching all the YouTube videos, and they're deep in the weeds, so we want to cater to them and make sure that we have a really quality paddle that checks all the boxes they're going to be looking for. And so that's all those, like, YouTube videos that we're pushing out there like that's going to resonate with that customer. We also have a customer that just wants to be perceived as good at the game or buy the like nicest thing. It kind of reminds me of golf and a lot of other industries. Well, they'll just buy the newest clubs because they think that's going to make them better. And so I think our innovation, like serves that they don't need to know the details. They just need to know that it's foam, and it's unlike anything else, and it's better than anything else, like that one sentence those people will just buy based on that. So it's like, you go really deep for the people who are going to care about the details, but then you still have a simplified version that you can sell to the people that don't know anything about the technology.

Speaker  319050:40
Did you know about those characteristics, about those hibers, or that? Play this industry.

Speaker  320960:00
No, I didn't, but my business partner is a really good pickleball player, way better than I am. And so he was sort of in this industry. He wasn't the paddle head, but he was just like the talented player that was, you know, willing to buy whatever, whatever paddle was available to get an edge in tournaments. And so we, like, knew that existed, and we knew. I mean, sports are kind of inevitably that way. But I think you could think about it for a lot of industries that people just want anything that's slightly better. I mean, you look at like iPhones every year, like it's just marginally better, and people eat it up. Yeah?

Speaker  329093:20
David for the ambassador YouTube push, was that wording on Discord or emails?

Speaker  331365:20
Yeah? Good question. So I should have clarified so the people most of the YouTube videos, we consider them affiliates, ambassadors are just our program for basically baby affiliates, like the people who are smaller in their community, kind of grassroots, and we have 1500 of those. And those people on the YouTube videos are people that make a living reviewing products, and so we reached out to them, and because our product was so differentiated, they were super excited to work with us. And, like, wanted the product, and it's almost like a competition. They want it sooner than the other guys and and they want their video to come out before any of their other competition, because they're trying to, you know, get the most views and stuff like that. Hey, let's give it up for Michael Harper. Kat mile,
