MDS Logistics Channel Call
Date: August 07, 2025

Speaker  592:00
Oh. Mo, I after the call, I'm going to send you a message, because I'd like to move this call to another week, because it's too close to the SEO call, which we have on the first Yeah, sure, Wednesday. I think so. I think it's going to be better if we have them a bit more separate, yeah?

Speaker  6101:20
Like, I think when I asked the members of the channel, they said they want it Thursdays, but again, if you have to

Speaker  8373:20
make Thursdays, but maybe just the third Thursday of the month, yeah, oh, the second Thursday.

Speaker  9845:20
That's fine. That's fine. Yeah, I think it's

Speaker  10794:40
going to be pretty much the same.

Speaker  11194:40
Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, perfect. Shall we start or shall we wait another minute or two?

Speaker  13114:40
We can wait a couple more minutes. As I go through a decline, as I go through all the people that I'm adding,

Speaker  15610:40
I see you a new name. How ZAN? Is that an employee? Yeah. 1000, yeah, yes. Okay, can you hear me,

Speaker  19616:00
yes, yes.

Speaker  20032:00
Are you an employee of whom?

Speaker  21952:00
Well, it's fozan. Yeah, I work for, I work for rain, rain. Bastuba,

Speaker  23925:20
sorry, I missed the rain.

Speaker  24693:20
Sorry, sorry, I

Speaker  25077:20
think, I think he said first name is Ryan. What's the last name? Bastuba?

Speaker  27285:20
I Ryan, Ryan bastuba.

Speaker  29226:40
Oh, yeah, I know Ryan, yeah. Bastuba, yeah, he's an MDS member. I've spoken with him a lot. Yeah, I

Speaker  33296:00
okay, we can get this going. I can start with,

Speaker  34144:00
yeah, perfect, okay, okay, so did you hit the recording? Yeah, yeah, it's being correct. Yes, perfect. So Today is August 7, 2025 uh, again, if you don't know me, I'm Mo I'm that logistics channel moderator today as well is going to be sort of like open discussion, conversation, happy to answer. Also, any any questions you guys have. Yeah, just give a quick, a quick few updates. As everyone knows, the tariffs set, the deadline is August 12. But everyone's sort of optimistic about it. They say Trump might renew it for another 90 days. I'm trying to be helpful as well, because I just don't want to go back to the 140 5% plus, you know, all these extra, extra things on top of that. Other update, a WD, I don't know if anyone using it here, avoid west coast. I had so many issues with getting appointments. They're all full at the moment. It's not good news, especially we're we're very like we're very soon heading into q4 I hope they fix it soon. So that's sort of the latest updates from my side. If anyone has any question or you want to discuss certain thing, please go ahead and if you can open your camera, let's just make this interactive as well. Yeah,

Speaker  62714:40
two questions I have, you mentioned, you mentioned the deadline of 12th of August, as far as I've heard, once the shipment gets into the ocean, the tariff does not get supplied. What's the logic?

Speaker  66160:00
I mean, I heard of that too, but again, like they based it off the vessel departure sometimes, all right, there's so many things around it, and I'm sure, yeah, if the Save they want to go back to the to the 140 5% I'm sure anything on the water or in transit is not gonna apply on it, but you know, just to be on the safe side, I mean, like, I'm, I'm I myself still shipping, because I'm very optimistic, and I cannot stop shipping. Every time we stop shipping, there's always delays. Something bad happens. So I agree with you, like back in the day, and there was certain dates you go off, but usually I think in transit should be fine. Yeah.

Speaker  77994:40
Okay. And second question I have is with we have previously done AGL, and we, I just had a recently meeting with the account manager of AGL. May I ask her a question that works? There are two options, either we send it to the AGL freight station, or either we ask the AGL team to pick up from the supplier. Yeah, so for example, if we pick up from the supplier, is that pickup kind of a free thing?

Speaker  85392:00
So the way how it works? First of all, I don't recommend for you to ask them to come to pick up, because they're very behind and sometimes they don't show up on time. So I always prefer supplier to drop off my my shipment. Now, in case you decide to go with Amazon, they will send you another bill. They will add it on the AGL invoice. I mean, because right now, the online system will not calculate it, because it's not that interactive in a way that they can calculate the distance. So for sure, you're gonna pay for it. But my idea is, if you have terms ex work, sorry, with your supplier. I mean meaning that if it's ex work, you have to pick it up. But believe me, there's always ways say, Listen, I know this is ex work. I'll pay you. Find that, find a trucking company and have it shipped to Asia. That's one way you do it. If it's FOB, then no matter what, you should be able to drop it off at AGL container freight station in Shenzhen, or whatever that place is. But I don't recommend every time I try them to pick up, they don't show up. They're late. It's not even even their price is more expensive too, as well. Yeah,

Speaker  106437:19
yeah. I was recently says looking at their offer, that they were proposing 8% discount, and it that angel, particularly that agile manager, said to us, become free. She did not set this pickup free, but she said to her, if you have the quantity of above 10 CBM, our charges will be more competitive than any freight forward in the market. What's your experience with that?

Speaker  112432:00
I mean, usually the higher CBMs you go, the less the price it is. So, I mean, that has been the case with anyone. But again, like always do a comparison. Like, I find them very competitive when for my shipments to the UK. But the problem with the US, because I like doing DDP, and you cannot do that with AGR. So for me, Asia is a no no for now, unless, I mean, there are no products with your with zero duties. Now, you know, I mean, there's no way. So for me, Asia is not an option. I know they just started recently, something called SMP, seller

Speaker  121877:20
management, placement, yeah.

Speaker  122277:20
So it's the opposite of AMP. With the problem, you're forced to go with one fulfillment center, and you're paying a flat fee, which is nice, but then the reason why I didn't like it, because why should I pay for one FC? I want to save money. But now they have the SMP. I think it's starting this week. It should be on some of your accounts. But again, like with Asia. I mean, I don't know, I again, like some might not agree with DDP, but if you were to do DDP, it's not an option with Asia, like you can, you can do these things. But again, if you're someone that doesn't do it, then SMP is a good option too, as well. But again, always compare. I think people find Asia expensive because they look at the yIds and you cannot compare DDT with Asia. I mean, there's two different business models. One is risky, one is white hat, so you can compare both together. But yeah, my idea is always compare. Yeah, like last year before the tariffs, Asia was very competitive, very, very, especially when you send the shipment to AWD or to AWD, even you get more discount. But right now I just don't see, I don't see a way to be able to use them again. I also overweight my containers, and for some reason, they have a limit on the weight of the container. They don't take above certain number. In reality, you can, but they refuse to do so. And for me, that's that's a lost money as well. Yeah,

Speaker  145664:00
yeah, thank you. You're welcome.

Speaker  146815:59
Uh, Cruz, any new updates?

Speaker  147552:00
Hi. How are you? I'm good. Well, no, here, very good. We don't have any questions now. We are starting the program, pilot program that I mentioned you the other month. This is our first shipment from China to to EU with Asia. So I was,

Speaker  154021:20
Are you testing out this special inbound warehouse? Yeah, the one you told me,

Speaker  155450:40
yes, we are doing from China to Netherlands and then Amazon Asia in split it between a Germany and UK directly to Amazon. So this is something new, because we, we come on, we we do the shipment from China to our free bill in Netherlands, and then we split it to Amazon. So it will be amazing. Keep

Speaker  162368:00
us updated when we have six months. Let us know how it goes. But yeah, everything is smooth. Now we just have to wait another five days and see what's going to happen. Is it going to be madness for now? Yeah, but yeah. I mean, even, even shipping, I'm seeing a big drop in auction rates, especially for the month of August. Again, the reason is also that many also shipping as well. They're worried, okay, what if I ship and I end up paying also higher tariffs? But again, like, I like, for me, I'm shipping because, I mean, you have to ship. There's no way I cannot ship.

Speaker  171898:40
Yes, I'm

Speaker  172122:40
just very often, yeah, but anyway, I could be wrong. But who knows, we'll find out in five days. Yeah, cool, cool, perfect. So no questions from your side, yeah? No, I got here on the shaft. Pete, yeah. You have a question? Yeah. Hi there. Mo,

Speaker  176943:59
I have a pretty basic use case. So unlike a lot of the International sellers, I'm lucky enough to be sourcing in the US. I know I feel bad in telling everybody, but the only challenges are, I'm considering a WD for the first time, but I probably won't do it until q1 just because you have all the mess going on with q4 and the challenge we're going to have is just that, I mean, we have a lot of skews, so we were kind of a long tail, you know, we have like, 1500 skews and and so we're going to have probably about 20 to 50 units of about 1000 different variations of different things. So the palette will probably end up being about 10,000 units. So we're just going to start with one pallet. It's going to go to a WD, from what I'm hearing, I don't know if AGL is useful within the US, or I should just get

Speaker  193856:00
Yeah. So AGL is just International, okay, from China, Vietnam. So what's AGL within the US? I would call them Amazon freight, right? That's sort of the corresponding company, but that's a tracking company. Are you referring like, how to track your stuff from your work of your supplier? Well, I could do

Speaker  200357:20
Yeah, and so I'll make the it's either arguing me our own LTL, or it will be Amazon's freight thing. So that's decision point number one. But I and then after that, it's going to be about the I'm interested in the replenishment system. So how is that going within ADW,

Speaker  204794:40
if you want to, like, if you want a piece, if you want a peace of mind, yes. I mean, don't do, uh, auto or if you do it, you gotta keep eye, eye on it, and then do at checking every like with your amount of SKUs, I check every a few days. But again, auto is good because you can save money for me, I still do not like auto. I don't care about the money savings because it's just a piece. I'll give you example. Yesterday, someone reached out for me from the MDS. His asin was down. You, you know, in supplements now they're asking for money certificate. So the asin was down, and guess what? Aw, it's a best seller. So, AWD, while the asin is down, because of auto sent 15,000 units. So like, no matter what, like, even they're improving it. I just do not trust it, because I feel there's anything can go wrong. So again, like, if you don't care about the savings, I say manual is a very good way. It does work. No, no, any issues. There were a few glitches back in the day, but not anymore. For the past seven, eight months, it's solid. It works. I didn't have to worry Where's where's it gonna go to, believe me, like I don't miss anymore my old days where I have to me, or my team have to figure out which track which I see. Now they take care of it. It does take time, but as long you allow a good lead time and you factor it, and you should be fine. You should never get out of stock. Yeah. So

Speaker  229264:00
so is the manual interface similar to the Send to Amazon interface that I normally have with FBA. Or it is, okay.

Speaker  231205:20
It's very, very similar. Yes, okay, so it's

Speaker  231845:19
gonna, it's gonna look and feel kind of the same way,

Speaker  232405:20
yeah. But just remember, by default, every SKU or Asen, it's an auto you have to go to each one and then switch it to manual. Once you switch it to manual, I don't know if you could do it through a flat file or something, or a feed or something. I need to check but, but if you use the interface, you just have to do it manually. And they can ask you why. You can say whatever you want to say. And then once it's on manual, then that's it. It's on manual. Yeah, these the things I don't like about auto, but again, like, there's like Cruz, he uses auto but, but they, they do manual too, as well, because, I mean

Speaker  242688:00
a lot of issues by

Speaker  243328:00
Well, I'm not doing, no, I'm pretty much convinced I'm not gonna do it, because our product is, it's been on FBM for a long time, But it's long tail. They really don't understand it Amazon, so they're gonna screw it up. They're gonna, they're gonna over send in stuff. I could just see it happening. So

Speaker  247749:19
I will definitely the amount of skills you have, it can be a disaster. Yeah,

Speaker  248997:20
yeah, yeah. And the compliance thing is definitely a risk that that's that's already happened,

Speaker  250389:20
because, yeah, many ASINs down the system intelligent enough. I mean, this guy 15,000 units, and he already have 50,000 units, so

Speaker  252682:39
you're saying they were flagged for compliance. They should never have sent them in.

Speaker  253578:39
But so what's down? Technically, when the

Speaker  254234:40
asin is

Speaker  254522:40
down, works? Yeah, I just told him to send them an email so they update the algorithm. But I don't know, even know when it's gonna done. I don't know, like, I the reason why I also, like manual, it forces my team and me myself to do forecast a review. Yeah, inventory every week. But when it's all the team is lazy. Oh, it's always, yeah,

Speaker  260656:00
I agree with you.

Speaker  261728:00
What about the of the the tools? Last week, I have a meeting with an account manager from a WD that they are improving the inventory ledger report from a WD a and they are trying to include the FBA ID from the Alban order from AWD to FBA. It will be fantastic for all of us to track all our inventory, because we are doing manually now. So it will be fantastic if they can do it at an improvement I'm doing it last I did I have it. They are trying to update that report and well, they are in contact with me, so if in the next meeting, I have any news from this, also, I will add it here.

Speaker  274943:59
Yeah. So one other thing also, like, I also have so stocked, and they have an API with AWD, so they keep track of my stuff. This is very nice, because now I don't have to reconcile one by one. But for you, I can imagine it could be crazy with with the amount of SKUs you have. You gotta be careful. You gotta have a VA. Just keep tracks of the inventory after each segment you send. I mean, again, like they already lose anything like the past few months, but just keep a track. Yeah, that's, that's my recommendation. Yeah, what?

Speaker  283354:40
What about are they? Are they able to support multi channel stuff? Now, so I have a distributor, and if I want to pull inventory from a WD, they'll, they'll be able to support

Speaker  286394:40
that. There's one caveat to that. Okay, so they call it MCD, which is like multi channel distribution, it's like an MCF, MCF. D, yeah, MCD. So the only thing you get two options, which, which is nice. You get to send by UPS, like by parcels, those cartoons, or by pallets. Now for me, I didn't like it because my stuff are heavy. I want the palace. So for Palace, it has to be single skew palettes. And I didn't like it, because, what if, what if I want to mix twos. I mean, like, for example, iPads only 36 cases. Now I'm forced to put 18 and one and, you know, and when you, when you track, you get charged per pallet. So for you, if you if, if you're happy sending them as loose cartons or parcels because you don't have because you said you don't send many units, then works perfectly for you. But for me, I'm just, I just don't like the palace thing because I don't have to do the the one single excuse palette, because I think that's the way how they store our stuff and they don't want to mix things up. That's the way how I see it. And also other thing, it used to be a fixed fee for distance now, because that's when AWS started. Now, no, they calculated, if it's neat, if, say, you're shipping from California, if it's New York, is going to be the most expensive. If it's going to be maybe Las Vegas, it's cheaper. So again, I like, I like more the old system, because it was fixed fee. But again, like, I'd say, once you have access and you have some inventory, you can the nice thing now, you can get an instant code, and it's accurate back in the day. You don't know anything, you just send it, and then you see so at least now you see visibility. They give you options, palettes, parcels, and then you can sort of see if it makes sense for you or not. You can also include, like packing this other stuff. They do that for you. They want. They won't do MCD to Amazon Canada or somewhere else. That's that's just to anything where they have to put FBA, that's language. So the way how I do it, I shift from AWD to a three PL, and then I cross dark label if I need to, I usually try to send from China to Canada direct. But if I, if I need something, that's the way, how I do it. Yeah,

Speaker  321744:00
do they? Are they making any overtones to being able to ship to FBA Canada? You would think that they would.

Speaker  323200:00
I mean, let's let AJR ship to Canada. Then that would solve everything. Like, like, well, you for

Speaker  324800:00
you guys, but I'm still coming in from the US, yeah? Like,

Speaker  325504:00
I'm based in Canada. Canada is a good market for us, and I, I wish they sort of find a solution. I'd love to work with a Zl or Aw. I mean,

Speaker  327717:20
you're somebody, yeah,

Speaker  328005:20
yeah. And

Speaker  328581:20
is there replenishment time any faster from a WD into the FBA?

Speaker  330341:20
Let me tell you my experience. So every time as long the stuff comes from one warehouse, because, like, you still

Speaker  333194:40
have to decide on whether to split or not. The

Speaker  333738:40
nice thing, though, the nice thing, you don't do that decision. They do it for you. But I'll give you example. Say first shipment is from iusg, and then the next shipment another warehouse. So usually, when you do the replenishment, they split them into five shipments. Unless that SKUs, that specific SKU is in more than a warehouse, then it becomes 10 shipment so from what I noticed, say, just to make it simple, say, there's only one warehouse, iusj, say, I'm doing a replenishment, they split it into five shipments. One or two will be in California, so at least one or two, and they'll check in within 48 hours. This is my past experience for the past two three months, and then the rest could be Midwest, East Coast. They'll take up to two three weeks. But again, I I've had things going really, really fast, like, like, I wouldn't say necessarily, it's bad, but in your mind, just allow up to two, three weeks, like just, but, I mean, I just did a shipment, a replenishment. Also, two, three days. I'm not sure. Cruz, are you seeing the same? Yes,

Speaker  351466:40
in some cases, yes. We we have more or less, because we have a lot of scale use a like 100 shipments per month, and the average of the lead time to from a WD to fVm more or less is 10 days. We have some of two days and some of three weeks, like mo Sai, yes, it's

Speaker  357200:00
not about it definitely much, much better. I now last q4 was really bad. I don't know about this q4 they keep saying it's gonna get better. I mean, I, I don't know, like seeing now, how I, I'm not sure, Cruz, if you're seeing now this now, it's really bad, in a way that you can't even get appointment at any risk, course, like it's blocked. You can't even get, like, something in one month, I had to email something to Yes, to do a reroute, or something else, but, but again, like, maybe, in your case, like, maybe you're not necessarily need to use the whiskers. Maybe your suppliers in the East Coast, I don't know.

Speaker  367370:40
Yeah, we're all east

Speaker  367594:40
coast. These ones are really good. Like, I they rerouted one of my shipment to South Carolina. Like, receiving is fast, even sending to our base, but I didn't pay for it. It was supposed to go to iusp it's always cost in California. And then I was like, I was checking on the shipment status. Checked and checked. And I was like, why not receiving? It's been like, 10 days I emailed. I was like, oh, it's being rerouted to another vitamin D at our own expense. Yes, sucks, because it added another 10 days, but then when that arrived at a new one, I did so many replenishment, and it's way faster than whiskers, for sure, for sure. Yeah, I think for us who works with China, we love wiscons, but I think we need to understand that. We need to buy. Yeah, it should not be like every time was cause, was cause, because, you know, especially now maybe okay. But in q4 it gets really bad, yeah,

Speaker  381930:40
yes. And they now have a capacity in the

Speaker  382810:40
capacity, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  383162:39
yesterday, I agree. The only mountain in it was like no capacity in west so

Speaker  384784:00
I have a feeling, because it's of of the front loading from China, because before the terrorists, that could be why? Otherwise it doesn't make sense. Why is it full capacity in August? But I don't know. That's my feeling. Yeah, yes. Cool. Yeah,

Speaker  389104:00
good stuff. Thank you for all this cool.

Speaker  390053:20
Any other questions? Pete, yeah,

Speaker  390773:20
no, I think that's good. I think I've got what I need for now.

Speaker  391541:20
Yeah. I mean, appreciate it. Yeah. Any more questions you can ask in the channel? I mean, so many of us are AWD users, so I'm sure we can all add some value for you, if you if you get stuck. There's also a special AWD email for support. I can share later in the channel too. That's MDS as well.

Speaker  396250:40
Do you think it's, do you think I should try to reach out to us, trying to get an account rep, or talk to somebody or,

Speaker  398010:40
I mean, it's nice, like, like, even me, I'm a advanced user of AWD. I only have an AGL rep, and mine does not do AWD. I think Cruz, you got to AWD and Asia was the same person.

Speaker  401695:59
Is the same person that contact me with a the engineer of the older reports from AWD and I have a meeting that, yes, I can share with Simka the if I found it, the email maybe gone, but he's, he's not in the, yeah, in the daily basis of the

Speaker  407141:20
if you want, I can ask them, but I know you want AWD. I've heard some, some MDS members have AWD one. I don't know if they exist or they're of course, if you have one, it just makes your life a bit easier if you, if you start,

Speaker  411013:20
yes, I ask them by email, and I have a quick answer in the day. So there's that support email. They are very quickly answering that. So maybe it will help you.

Speaker  415162:39
Be great if you could share it. Appreciate it. Yeah,

Speaker  416298:39
yeah. Cruz, you can share it here if you want. I mean, it's MDS only again, don't share it outside the group. We

Speaker  417984:00
have a AWD seller, support Amazon.

Speaker  418880:00
Yeah, that's the one. Thank you. Yeah, perfect. I think Matt has a question, Matt, are you here? Yeah,

Speaker  422741:20
good, good. I just had a question, what are you doing now? What are you shipping one container into, like five FCS? Are you doing LTL?

Speaker  424901:20
I'm doing both. I'm doing something called ddpf, Zl, and I'm also doing five shipment just sort of to diversify in case something gets stuck by customs or so. Just keep in mind that ddpf is more aggressive, higher risk. Like, like, if something happens, then all your stuff in that container, five shipments. Like, I mean, maybe one gets flagged or something, you have another four. So I'm just doing a combination of both. But usually now, like, when I do five shipments, it's usually FBA. I like sending those five shipments to FBA, because it just makes more sense. The reason is, there's no way I can send five shipments to five AWD, there's not many AWD warehouses. Plus, the idea is to diversify the risk, like, if I send to five, five shipments to the same AWD, what if the AWD, I mean, forget about customs, FLr, all these things. What if the AWD place is full, then that does not help me. Yeah. So, I mean, do, do both, do, do make like, what makes sense for you. Just keep in mind that I always find the ddpfcl is very aggressive, because they sort of undervalue more, yeah.

Speaker  446522:40
How do you do the ddpfcl is that you're just doing one.

Speaker  448442:40
So it's basically, yeah, I mean, even the name is, like, it's a Chinese make. Chinese made that name, so it's still a whole container. You're not the importer of the record. The Chinese freight forward as the importer. And then they in terms of invoices, values, they put whatever they they think is good. But just keep in mind, it's gonna be a very low value, too, as well

Speaker  455461:20
for Amazon. Like, how you getting into Amazon?

Speaker  456517:20
Like, like, with the one shipment, or the five shipments, one no with the one, no with the one, I'm only doing it to a WD with the five shipments, with the five shipments I'm doing FBA, because the problem with the one, there's no other. I mean, you have to pay the placement fees. And I don't like paying the placement fees. I know another MDS member, I think Antonio bindi, he does ddpfcl, and he pays the placements fee. He said he did the math and it was cheaper than sending it to AWD, okay, yeah.

Speaker  466240:00
Can you also share with the overweight shipment? How does that work?

Speaker  467264:00
Like, sorry, which shipment? He said,

Speaker  468080:00
overweight, overweight. Ah,

Speaker  468544:00
the overweight. Yeah. So, so this is a good solution when you have a product with a very small CVM, like, meaning that the like, for example, I have tiny product, meaning that they're they're heavy, but they don't take a lot of CVM. So for example, say, say, like, usually the full container is about 21,000 like, 2020, 521,000 521,000 the problem I face sometimes that I don't have 65 CBM or 66 or 67 I only have like 45 CBM or 50 CBM. So for me, what I do I add more products and make the container overweight, because when I go from 21,000 to 26,000 that can bring up my CBM from 55 to 6564 63 so at least my container is almost full, and I find not all freight forwarders can do it. I'd say maybe 70 80% the reason is because you need a tri axle like, not the regular. You know, when you when they arrange the address from from the port they, I mean, they need to arrange something with a tri axle. So that's, that's the only thing like, other than that, they do charge extra fees for overweight it's between 204 $100 I think I pay around 250 but for me it's, it's like, for example, say the container is 3000 and then you pay, in addition 200 or 300 that's, that's a good deal. Yeah, does that? Does that answer your question? Matt, yeah, yep. Thank you. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Here are more questions on the shot by Fowzan. Do you prefer to go for insurance? Which do you think insurance will become under? Like I always do insurance, because you never know. I mean, what can happen? I mean, it's very cheap, but if you're a big, big seller, I mean, look into something called Open marine policy. It can cover all your shipments at a fixed fee. But again, you cannot do DDP and then expect to do that like, it has to be everything under your name, you're the importer. There's no DP like, this is very white hat. I mean, I mean, we used to that when I used to work for my father, back in the day, it's like an open marine policy. It covers all your ocean shipments. But for now, I do it one by one. And I mean, for my containers, I think I'm paying about 80 $90 so it's not that bad. And they're very legit. The insurance company is Chinese, but they're legit. I mean, so I just do them, just in case. Never had any issues, but you never know. I don't think Amazon would care about it. They don't care like, like, if they're gonna force you or not. I think they they only care about product liability insurance, all these things There are insurance for that amazon seller central account. I doubt they will, will it, will full force it, because,

Speaker  518661:20
well, what did you name it? Optim Marine,

Speaker  519525:20
uh, open Marine. Open Marine, yeah, open Marine. Insurance Policy, yeah. Like big, big companies like Nike, all these Adidas, they use them because, I mean, they do take smaller clients. But you know what? You want to make sure that it makes sense for you or not, and you cannot do DDP because everything needs to be under your name. Yeah, it doesn't make sense. You do a DDP shipment that's not under your name and it gets lost, and then you expect that policy to have it covered for you. Yeah?

Speaker  527098:39
Thank you. Yeah.

Speaker  527930:40
Another question by Trevor, do you think AWD is going to fill up early like it did last year? I know they have been getting better about the all shipment, but do you think okay? I was very hopeful till last week that things are okay, but when I saw no appointments and always cost capacities are full. I don't know if I'm any more optimistic for cue for I don't know what to say like, but also, there's also one big factor now happening. I think so many sellers, they shipped so many shipments before the August 13 deadline. So that could be a reason why they're full. But, I mean, I have my own contact with a WD, a direct one. If I hear any further updates, I'm happy to update it here with the group. But right now, I'd say I'm not 100% optimistic, yeah, meaning that you can still navigate through q4 but then you get to be very careful, meaning that you want to send your shipment as early as October or even end of September, and all your replenishment need to happen at least a month before. Like, like, it still works, but you can do things last minute or like, a week before, two weeks before, and that's how I sort of navigated AWD during that bad time. It worked, but it took, took so much time, but as long you send in your stuff early and give it like more time, it should work, but I expect, to expect is gonna get busy. Another option is maybe don't send to the West Coast. If you have the option to send the East Coast, one that could be an option. I hear, I hear good things about anything in the East Coast, because every everyone try to avoid using them. So if you're big seller, you're sending multiple containers, maybe, and you want to do owning a WD don't do them. Always cost. Maybe do something. Do Texas to South Carolina, do maybe all the way up next. I think it's, it's in Pennsylvania. I think, yeah, iust. I think, yeah, and east coast as well. Yeah, they have two in the East Coast, one in Texas, one in South Carolina, and they're supposed to have four or five in the West Coast. And they said they're opening more soon, but I don't know when to be honest. Yeah, some other sellers in toys, where you for is a big thing for them, there are diversifying that, meaning not all shipments will go to a WD, maybe 30% or 40 another will go direct to FBA. Now, FBA is much better than it, because FBA, no matter what you cannot get on you, they give you five locations scattered so that that solved the problem. And then the third option, a backup, three PL, like something like, tactical tactic. And now they have a program called split smart seems very decent. They do the same thing, like, like, how you send them to five locations at a good rate as another option too, to just have something with them, just for emergencies. But I wouldn't send everything to AWD. That's what I want to say. Yeah,

Speaker  579648:00
yeah, and appreciate that. I mean, we're not all of our we're mainly toys. So q4 is really big for us, and all of our toys are stored at three PL and like the Midwest, so we normally send to Texas very little. They pull in containers.

Speaker  584821:20
Because I had that talk yesterday with another MDS member, he's also in toys. And I asked him, Hey, why are you going to do this year, and we've talked about it, and it was the same thing I just said. Now, not everything, either, maybe, but as long as long you're not West West, then I think you'll be fine too. Yeah. Okay,

Speaker  589770:40
cool, yeah. We normally send to Dallas, and then we have a vendor that we buy from on the east coast. So we just saw that east coast. So that works out really well. I was just trying to figure out as terms, like a, if it's at a WD, do you think they're gonna be able to keep up with their auto replans? Or should I plan on like, if

Speaker  594400:00
it's east coast, if it's east coast or Texas, you'll be fine. But if it's west coast, then that's where the issue is. They might not be able to keep up because they're already at full capacity now. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker  597232:00
Surprise send from from a WD to FBA, like, a month before,

Speaker  598501:20
yeah, yeah, yeah, even if, if you know your demand very well, I do a few shipments direct to IB. I mean, did you manufacture in USA or in China?

Speaker  601349:20
Neither. So I do. I do close outs. So I buy end of life products, name brand toys. So

Speaker  603226:40
they come from outside the US, right? Yeah,

Speaker  604138:40
at some point they came from China. But everything I typically buy is here in the US already. It's stored in in Missouri, in our industry. So that's just what I'm trying to figure out. In terms of I'm going to send some directly.

Speaker  608122:40
Is there a new way to send them direct to FBA? Or, yeah,

Speaker  609056:00
we do send some directly to FBA, but there's some SKUs that I feel like it's cheaper to send it to a WD and have them ship in or create a manual replay. Yeah. But

Speaker  612128:00
also, if you use all or don't depend on 100% make sure that your team is like, you know, checking on it every other day or so, because, you know, there are cases where I mentioned at the beginning of the call where order does not work. Yeah. Okay, cool, yeah. The other thing, Cruz, if you speak with a WD, next time, I'm also waiting for their update, you know how they change the dimensions for the cases? I'm sure everyone heard about the FBA news for the cases used to be 25 by 25 by 25 inches, so now they're allowing the length to go up to 36 inches, and now they just include Canada and UK before it was USA. But the problem is, there is no point doing all these things if a WD is not accepting 36 inches, I've have emailed them. They said, not yet. If anyone, yeah, yeah, if anyone, like, if anyone hear anything, please update us in the group. I think it's very important that AWD alliance with FBA, otherwise it's just useless. Yeah,

Speaker  629008:00
yes. We don't have any stock now with the dimensions, but yes, if I notice something, I will tell you.

Speaker  631589:20
Okay, cool. Another question by bowzan, yeah, since there is a storage issue in coming q4 which option is better, increasing storage capacity with Amazon store in a WD store, an external ppl usually what our pilot storage charges? Yeah, you can always bid. That's like an option. And the nice thing say, if you bid for September, and you get approved that that's that increase will also be applicable for the month of August as well. Like, they always go back, even if you do October, they do back September, they do August. But again, like, you gotta be careful with the betting. If you don't use all the space, you get charged highly. That's one option. Other option, of course, is AWD, I think the whole idea of limiting our storage so we all use a WD, just keep in mind AWD was cost is full now, I mean, as long you guys, okay, something other location is fine. If you're looking for storage, only tactical is a good option as well. They, I think they're about 2020, 20, 20. I think $20 20.69 I think per day. Let me just do the math, point six nine per day. Yeah, that's around, yeah, 2021, so they

Speaker  654794:40
tactical. They're

Speaker  655754:40
also approved partner by by the MDS, yeah, tactical, tactical solution.

Speaker  658192:00
Thanks. Where are they based on, is it like

Speaker  660112:00
and she California? That's where everyone is here. Perfect.

Speaker  662181:20
Uh, when it comes to California, we guys are happy, yeah, we find that. We find the lowest cost.

Speaker  663525:20
Yeah, so, so again, like the when you compare them with a WD, storage, definitely way cheaper. But again, the problem we gonna face is the transportation fee from AWD to FBA or from tactical to do the math, because I think AWD is a bit cheaper, like, still cheaper when you when I ship to but again, you know you have to factor in the receiving fees, the outbound fees, like, but I know tactical is doing a very good job. Like, they're, they're trying to lower it more and more. I mean, it's like a volume game. The more they get, the more they can lower. But those are the two options. But again, the only issue with those two options, if you still have an asin limit, I don't know how, how you overcome that, like, if there's an asin limit, even

Speaker  676848:00
limit, yeah, not

Speaker  677200:00
account limit, ASAM limit, then even, like, like, even if you have a three PL or even a WD, aw, will not send something restricted. And I don't know any solutions for this, other than maybe if you're shipping with AGL, I heard an AGL rep could help to to, I mean, this is nothing to do with your account storage limit. This is the asin limit, and that's how asin that's like. For example, I have an asin that used to sell, I don't know, 50 units per day now, one unit per day. So what they'll do, they'll restrict it, meaning that even from a WD all on manual would not work. It would not send it. And the problem, this is a big problem now with many toy sellers, because they look at the demand, oh, you're only doing two units, they don't or three units per day, or five units, and they don't know, like, in two months, that velocity would be, like, four or 5x and that's the problem. But, but again, I like the idea of AWD or three pi as a staging warehouse, because I'm sure that asin restock limit, the remove the restriction order, is gonna get better, but maybe it will get better, maybe only one month before, but then it's too late to ship from China.

Speaker  697045:20
Yeah, as far as I remember this asin limit concept came in the covid time. Yeah, it still exists. Now, still,

Speaker  699450:40
but, but this time it's like this, like, back in the covid time, you used to have a specific number, like, I think you were, like 1000 units. Now, there's no now, okay, there's nothing specific. It's either you can send or not even those hacks where you do MCF holds order, they don't even work 100% I've heard people trying try to bring the inventory down by using MCF holds orders, but many reported back to me that it's not working. So I'm not in toy so I don't have this problem, but I can imagine it's, it's, it's, it's not, it's not easy, like, especially if you have a product that has sort of some seasonality, yeah,

Speaker  711349:20
yeah. One question I have, for example, we send one carton to FPA, and what if the ship will plan gets closed and Amazon says that we haven't received any carton, and they do not give you the option of opening the reimbursement like research missing units case, they like that. Option does not appear. I have

Speaker  717338:40
seen cases like that. Then you open a case manually. That's the only way. Yeah,

Speaker  718810:40
and do you think we can get successful after getting opening case manually, 60,

Speaker  719978:40
70% just have to assess, as long you have the right documents, the proof of delivery. I've seen it happening a lot US, Canada, even UK marketplace as well. Yeah, you have to open even those. The reimbursement companies, like the one that Simca owns, they open those cases manually. If you have issues, then highly recommend to sign up with true ops. They're also an MDS approved partner as well. They deal with those cases there. I mean, I don't know the reasons for that, but I've seen this. It's not like not uncommon. Yeah,

Speaker  731402:40
thank you.

Speaker  733130:40
Any other updates or topics you guys want to talk about? Yeah, I know August is a bit slow month. Everyone's traveling. Maybe kids are at home, if you have kids too, yeah,

Speaker  736746:40
my MO, this is Pete, again, just a question that I wanted heard the right answer to, in terms of asin restrictions for a WD,

Speaker  740192:00
no restrictions, no restrictions for ASINs for AWD, it's Only when you send from a WD to FBA. But again, nothing to do with AWD, the restrictions happening from the FBA. So,

Speaker  743605:20
okay, so you're talking about the capacity. You're talking about the capacity thing specifically, yeah, yeah, into FBA. Okay, got it. So they don't care a WD, doesn't care how many ASINs,

Speaker  746469:20
no, they'll take. Perfect All right,

Speaker  747450:40
thank you. I think when the Acer

Speaker  747882:40
restriction limit style, it was like, Oh, this is Aw no, because even when they try to send the direct to FBA from your TPL or from China or from the US supplier, it will give you the same error message here. This is something,

Speaker  752090:40
yeah, just to say what, what everybody is saying. I mean, the the capacity thing is just so confounding, because we use our own forecasting, Google Sheets and stuff and everything was going really well until, you know, three or four months ago, probably because of the tariffs, but the but the thing is, is that now I'm forced to basically look at the recommended quantity that they're suggesting. And you can kind of find that you can go, you know, plus or minus some percentage of what they're saying, but if the line item is completely blank, meaning they say no recommended quantity, they're not gonna let you send it in, unless you protest it, and he was just a pain in the ass. And it's just so ridiculous. I just can't like, yeah,

Speaker  764842:40
like, your account has, has the storage, but no, the ASM, yeah,

Speaker  766138:40
I have plenty of storage, and my account health is beautiful. My inventory score has been beautiful as they have zero trust in what I'm trying to tell them. We're very seasonal. We're back to school, so we're like, look, we know what we're going to do. Let me take the risk. Would you just get out of the way? And they, you know, it's just ridiculous stuff. Anyway, I hear

Speaker  770768:00
this a lot every day, like I have it in some of the extent that they're not moving well. But, I mean, for me, probably is not as worse as as any other seller who's in who has seasonal products, or even in toys, because you don't want to wait till the season starts and then you start replenishing it. It's too late. Then, by then, yeah,

Speaker  775733:20
right. And they're already and they're already charging the fee, like, go ahead, yeah, it's my risk, but, but leave me alone. Let me send Yeah,

Speaker  778405:20
I think, I think they're, like, the only thing I can think of, they're at full capacity, or maybe shorten staff or something. That's the only thing I can think of. But it's just crazy. But

Speaker  781498:40
yeah, and then, and then you look at the ones they want to send in, and it's the opposite sometimes, where I'm like, No, I'm not going to send in that many. You're based on old information. Sometimes they don't even look at the inbound shipment that's coming. They'll say they need 500 units. And you're like, yeah, it's because you don't even recognize the 500 units are already on the truck into you guys. So I have to take that out of the equation. And then, you know, two weeks later, like, oh, yeah, we don't need the 500 units anymore. Like, yeah, I knew that already. So it's all that. The

Speaker  789008:00
only one, the only one I spoke to that he sort of found a solution was through a Zl. But that means the shock will need to come from China. That was sort of the only solution, yeah, but, but internally, I do not know Pete maybe reach to someone named Jason. He also has so many skills like you. Maybe he figured out something. So if you want, just reach out to me offline after I'll do an intro with him. Or you can just, yes, he's also a big seller with so many skews. I think we're

Speaker  798378:40
gonna get that large scale Belen kicking off the whole large category stuff, so we'll get it now there, but I appreciate

Speaker  800528:00
it. You're most welcome. Any other questions, guys, we got still 10 minutes for the call. We could even we could, we could end it too as well. We don't have to stay till one, but or whatever time as your time is on now, I'm here in the East Coast. Yeah. I guess, yeah, I guess that's, that's that summed up our call today. Yeah, good talking to everyone. Yeah, and we meet next month. I think they're gonna move the week of the call. It's still gonna be Thursday, but, but maybe the nurse kind of shifted by a week or so, but still on Thursday. Otherwise it becomes very hard, because then us and the SEO call becomes on the same day as well. Yeah, so it also gives you a chance that you can attend all these calls as well. Yeah. I know mostly everyone here from the from the logistics, but just in case, if someone case, if someone is an ops manager or a business owner or brand owner, that when I attend all calls, it just makes the life easier. Yeah, yeah, no problem. If I was on it was good speaking with everyone here. See you next month, yeah, and hopefully in a week we hear good news as well for the tariffs as well. Yeah,

Speaker  821472:00
take care, everyone. Bye. You.
