Keynote 2
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1648:00
Let's give it up for Nick Shaka breeze.

Speaker  4912:00
Thank you so much. Yeah, I literally have it's 79 slides. He's compensating for me. Size doesn't matter here. It's about the quality of the content. So my name is Nick Shackleford. I'm talking about an Amazon eight figure launch from our beverage company. We sell cannabis in a can, as well as functional beverages. Have any of you guys drinking cannabis before cool? So hopefully, if you guys do want to try some, I'll let you know, because it definitely has the right effect that you guys are probably searching for. Or if you had a really negative effect earlier on, where you thought like, this gummy wasn't gonna hit, and then you're like, two hours in, you're like, How the fuck do I get off this ride? This is not that type of fact. So I walk you through what were happening. So I've been in as a member of MDS Since 2022 but when I was originally talking to you guys, was from the agency standpoint. So we own one called structured constant. And then lucid. When lucid started, which is called we are lucid, we kind of dove into this world of non alcoholic beverages, or kind of gray area of what's serving this market. And I found out that nobody really likes to listen to agencies. Pretty much. They really only want to talk to other brands that are doing really cool things. So 22 months ago, we launched a brand, and it took me, instead of two months, it took me four months to hit a seven figures on Amazon, primarily because of how large our D to C business is. I'm gonna show you my P L, I'm gonna show you what we're doing, and I'll show you a couple tactics that we're doing to get us to the place to where we launched on Amazon. So I have three sections of an 11 minute lesson. I have a 17 minute lesson and I have a 17 minute lesson. I got 45 flat. I'll try to talk as smooth as I possibly can, but I have a lot of stuff, and it's step by step. By Step. There's a lot of downloads for you guys. Here we go. We're 22 months old, $35 million we mainly serve on meta, Tiktok and Google. We are in the heavily regulated space, and we have, currently, today, 11,732 active subscribers are getting our product delivered to them bi weekly or monthly. We have 14 total, but this is the most amount of active we have. This does not include Subscribe and Save on Amazon. Specifically, this would never have happened unless our founder, Aaron nosk came to the game and said, Hey, I think we can do this better than most. So we post on LinkedIn, on Twitter, very publicly what we're doing. Because what I truly believe is no one's gonna be able to launch a beverage in a regulated space and know the advertising stuff that we do, I would love to compete with you if you if you'd want to come at me, because we're ready to do this stuff. So we should hit 51 million by the end of this year, if we don't fuck it up. And I should have at least 23 to 25,000 subscribers by the end of this year. And we show you, and we're playing the game. So you can see from the top, this is was January. We'll be posting February very soon, about 4.3 million in overall revenue. Overall spend is about 2 million. You can see we're spending on meta. We're spending on Google, Amazon's catching up there, and then on App 11. At the bottom, we're here. We're actually spending the way this actually happened, like Nick How can you legally ship me cannabis to my door and I not get in trouble, or you don't go to jail. 2018 Trump and Mitch McConnell launched the hemp Act, which was within the Farm Bill. This allows us to classify cannabis under hemp, and so 0.3% of weight, which is why we choose a beverage. All Things Aaron taught me because I wasn't in this space. I started learning it because what I like to do is, I like to market things, like to build retention campaigns for things specifically. So he goes, Hey, here's somebody that we can ship to people that they're going to love and continue to buy. I was like, Why do you think that is he's like, because it's legal drugs. I was like, that's true. That's a good point. I'm going to stick there. I'm going to continue to make a good product. So what this actually did you guys saw the rise of CBD things on Amazon? It was CBD bomb, it was CBD lipstick, it was CBD chapstick, it was CBD bath bombs. There's all these different types of things. And people were going, oh, like, CBD is going to make me feel some type of way. What they didn't realize is that you have a hemp market that's building in the low hundreds of millions. Cool opportunity, blue ocean, starting to start, but he what, Aaron realized he's like, people were buying CBD drinks kin and recess, and they were wanting some, like, diet weed feeling, but they weren't getting a psychological effect of the calming or some sort of, like, I'm altering my state. They were getting hemp CBD, but they really needed hemp. THC. And so when you go to the cannabis market now, we're talking multi billions of dollars. And this is like, Okay, starting to get a little bit more interesting. COVID hit. COVID starts hitting, and you start getting stats like this. And you can Google this. I had 30 slides of just screenshots like this. One in four Americans are aware of sober. Are aware of the. Sober, curious movement. 34 say they're drinking less than 2023 How many of you in here have consciously made a decision to drink a little bit less this year or maybe last year? Cool, so you would be open to something else, other than alcohol, I'm assuming. So yes, this one is a little bit weird. This this kind of made its circulation on a lot of the linkedins and the Twitters saying, like, Gen Z is not drinking. I was like, Yeah, well, Gen Z is also not legal to drink, so it's not a real stat. You can't really count that as that. Granted, most of us drink most of our alcohol when we were illegal, but we can't really have no stats on this. And now we're playing in a different ballpark. Now we're in the trillions of dollars because now this is a beverage. Now you have an opportunity to get kind of more distribution, and the world is a lot more open to these alternative drinks. And I think on a world live scale, we're talking trillions. And so this is what I care about, for us to get into that standpoint, I needed to really set the standard for you guys to get it, because we're not the first to do it. I think this movement will continue to happen. Top left corner, top left corner. This is, can you Forex, an incredible product there, one of the earliest in the stage cycling, Frog in the Middle, Kin, athletic brewing. And then Aplos, which is on more like an elevated spirit. So there's incredible branding, incredible opportunities in this area. And so we're at MBs Inspire. So I was like, Cool. I think you can show them some new stuff. How many of you guys are actively using some AI in your system somewhere? Okay, cool. I also was told when Frankie and Ian and Eugene were like, I need stuff that's a little bit more scrappy for my group. You know, they want to stay lean, but they also want to have the opportunity to scale if they want to. Awesome. We're going to find out, and we're going to fuck around real quick, because how I can get you there. I'm going to teach you four tools, very, very simple and two structures, how we're able to do what I call a smoke test, which gives me the opportunity to then spend it on meta, and those progressions that we're going to do as we spend close to a million to 2 million a month on meta, specifically, took me about 35 minutes to organize this. I have a longer talk overall for you guys. So if you just too fast, this is heavily screenshot. I have heavy QR codes. I will take my time as much as I could. Step one, we're going to create templates in figma. Two, we're going to pull best lifestyle or we're going to pull studio shots. We're going to create the copy and chat GBT add the prompt already ready for you guys. We're going to organize it in a specific way so that it exports for me to use into figma, and we're going to run what we call copy doc, all things straightforward. First thing, don't judge me on these assets. I'm not a designer, but what I am is I'm a marketer, and when I talk about my smoke test, I want to make sure that I'm calling out specific things that my consumers are giving me in my one star, my three star and my five star reviews. These are all made with AI workflows. I'm not saying they're AI generated, but they're AI workflows. And so to get to the standpoint, we start here first QR code. This will give you templates of ads that you can make or send it to your designer to make iterations off of. It'll log it'll ask you to log into figma. So you will have to log into figma, save the link and just put it into Slack for

Speaker  128912:00
later, 5432, then

Speaker  130176:00
what we'll have to do is we'll pull our best lifestyle images. So these are just a scroll set of all the images we have. I like to start with between five to 15. The more anything above 15, when you run the system takes a little bit of time. It might freeze up on you if you don't have lifestyle shots. Go to studio shots. I do want the background colors to be specifically different. And the last but not least, which we haven't found a way to do this with cans very well, use some AI created assets, especially if you're in the lipstick space, or if you're in like the cosmetic space, it's been better, better performing for us. You go to your review app, hopefully your review doesn't say gross. This is a one star. This stuff tastes absolutely horrible and costs nine bucks for an eight ounce can to rule review that was this morning, one hour ago. But you're going to go into the review section specifically, because what we're going to end up doing with this specific prompt for chatgpt is pretend you are a creative director working for a fast growing beverage company, please make 10 five word headlines that words from the following reviews customers have left us so real reviews, all you need is five from this section you go right into now. Please make 10 more supporting headlines numbered so that I can associate it with this ones I already gave you. So now I can have my headlines, my sub headlines, and then on the back half of it, I can make calls to action, or I can make some sort of like incentive for people to click and go through. So then the image looks like this. And this is very important for this document set up. I need to make sure that all my headlines are the same. Hashtag, image, hashtag, headline, hashtag, sub headline, hashtag, CTA, all the things that I just pulled from GPT. Now I can start making my headlines, because if this is not correct, when I go to run the program on the actual images themselves, it's not going to work, and it's going to be funky, and the in system is going to give you a bunch of errors, say, with the naming convention here, you can see that I have breeze one, lower case jpg, and then underneath it, capital jpg. That's total. Define, as long as the images in the folders align with what is here on the document, it is going to work overall, no problem. Then what we're going to we're going to export that into CSV, we're going to create a folder, save the images, save the copy, and we're just going to create a zip file, plain and simple. This is going to live on our desktop. This is the screenshot of how to name it. So all you have to do is use this as the overall template. So this should lead you to a Google doc specifically awesome after organization. Then we're going to go into figma. At this point, we're going to click figma in the top right corner. Give me this little figma button top record. We're going to end up hitting the plugins from plugins. We're going to go to manage our plugins, and we're going to download copy doc. It gives you 10 free hits. I actually have never seen it go below 10, and I've done it 55 times now. So either that product isn't being worked on, or they just give it to me for free, I don't know. I think you'll be okay if it's pretty cheap to run over once I saw the pricing. After this point, we're going to double click into copy doc, and it's going to present us a place for us to download. Specifically, once we download our place for us to upload what we just downloaded. Specifically, we're going to select the overall zip file, and from the zip file we're going to go right into upload. We're going to QC and it's going to look like this. Specifically make sure the image is there. To give you my example, it pulled in perfectly from the images, because it says, here's what your headline is, here's what your image is, here's what the sub headline and CTA is, and I'm going to make sure that it's going to run. This is the first step in knowing I'm going to do it correct then, because I have the templates already laid out, and I've already made as many as I want on the images. Specifically, all I'm going to do is drag and drop and highlight all the ones I want to actually put these images and headlines into. Make sure you're going to need if you're going to have 10 images, you have to make sure you have 10 headlines, sub headlines, CTAs, et cetera. If it's off by one, it just freaks out, and it kind of just doesn't do anything, and it's sitting there, 4555 an hour and a half. Don't ask me how I know that long. I sat there for a very long time. And then, if it goes right, it looks like this, a bunch of AI generated images. And so what it allows you to understand is I need a place to go from I have nothing to something so that I can go put it into the system that is meta, that is Tiktok and get learnings back. This isn't with videos. I have tried it with videos. It really doesn't work well, especially in figma. There's no other current system that I've found on the market that can do AI videos with text call outs yet. There's one I'm playing with. I don't think it's there, so I'm not going to mention it. If you want to go step by step to launch it, pause on it, and kind of go side by side. Or if you're flying home, this will give you to a 15 minute talk I did for a very, very, very close friend of mine. That way you can pause it and move it around, and then if there's any questions or comments, you know where to find me. 54321, cool. I have assets. What do I do with this? Now I'm going to go into meta. This is our meta. This is what I call, like a core structure, core foundation of when I want to run some tests this month, I should spend $1.6 million on meta specifically, and if I'm not losing ad accounts, or if I'm if I'm not losing Facebook pages, this is how I would start my structure. This is called an abo test, so automatic bid optimization test, meaning budgets are at the ad set. Budgets are at the ad set level. All I care about is taking those images with those specific angles that I've created and making sure that I have one asset with my best performing copy or copy that I believe is the strongest that represents my brand. Ideally I would like two sets of those so I have five images with a core angle that I'm trying to convince someone to use to buy my product, and I want two variations of copy. So all in this is between five to 10 assets or ads that I'm going live with. The budget is about $100 each ad set, and that budget is set at the ad set level. A lot of people might live in another camp would say I want CB, or what we call campaign budget optimization, or they want the budget to be managed and set at the top so it distribute it distributes it evenly based on what meta believes. I spend a good amount of time money, and I've lost a good amount of time and money on these initial things. I want to control the distribution of where the dollars are going for the tests that I'm making. Because if I'm investing time, effort and interest into making sure that I am running parade tests to try and test I don't want meta to say I'm not going to spend any money on XYZ at all. I want to control the distribution of the budget. I always like to say no more than five angles at a time, the only way I would scale the amount of angles or ads is if I have enough budget to do so on $100 basis. That's the best place to start at. Hopefully I find something that works. Here's the thought process next I'm gonna go and do I need faces for this product? Do I need to have them look some certain type of way? Can I. Do no faces and just motion graphic. If I find something and there's an angle that is starting to work, where do I go next? How do I create a video? How do I create a motion graphic? How do I get a creator to make something for me? How do I do a live Tiktok, like we just talked about, specifically around the thing that I'm selling on, for instance, ours is get the buzz without the hangover the next day. Cool. I'm selling on what I'm selling on the benefit. I'm selling on problem and pain point, then I need to make sure I highlight those specific things in the next progression of the overall test, which looks like this. So now all of a sudden, I've done the great test. I've been able to think about investing in some specific creative that I want to actually spend real money behind. And I'm gonna have two specific ad sets, one which is called stacked interests for us, people like to drink and consume our product at events, raves, gatherings. So any audience that I believe is directionally in the right space, that is what I call a stacked audience, big enough but still targeted enough for me to have any sort of scale. And I like to do what we call our graduated ads, any angle or asset that was working originally. We're going to move this into this next one, as well as increase the budget where it was sometimes, and you might have experienced this too. You run a test something works, you then begin to progress it, or move it into a different campaign. And doesn't perform how it used to totally fine. Reset it, relaunch it, pause it, give it a breather about one to two days. The difference here that I want to make sure I call out is when you say broad, which is no targeting, I want to continue to let the image or the videos that we're using to speak for itself. I don't want the audience or the targeting to kind of hide if it's a good enough ad or not. This is the final progression of this, which we call a manual testing a diagonal scale, or a rebirth of the ads. What would be at a campaign basis. This overall campaign specifically allows me to control the costs of what I believe is an acceptable CAC, or cost to acquire a customer that my brand could achieve. Specifically, in this example, I need a $25 conversion because that is the most profitable for me. That as some of us know that are running, some ads might not convert for us, it just doesn't spend because we're putting a very strict restraint on meta specifically. So what we like to do is we like to spread it a little bit across. So if you're going to put $5 increments or $3 increments, 25 2219 so I'm going to go right across the ideal CPA 1922. And 25 might not spend, but 28 to 31 might spend at a target CPA that we actually wanted to do. So this is the hard part about explaining the logic here. Even though I want 2528

Speaker  282805:20
and 31 will probably spend at the target that I want, because this is just meta rules. And if we are telling that I'm willing to spend more in my in my auction, even if it's $1 more or a couple cents more, it'll convert at the ideal target cost cap over a seven day period. So I want to give a little bit of a little bit of a spread, and this gives me more control. I don't have to be on it and watching it every single day, like all the other normal campaigns, the metrics that matter the most to me. So this is the initial dashboard that I have. This is a little bit different than most people, and I'm gonna talk quickly through this. On the left side, all the things that matter, is it making me money? Is it profitable? That's what we have. ROAs on the left side, CPA, cost per initiate checkout, cost per Add to Cart, cost per unique landing page view, and the cost per unique outbound click. Those, to me, are the metrics that we're measuring. Is this image worth investing time, effort, interest, and my team's resources to creating videos alongside of it? If we don't have any revenue or anything generated. Yet, no problem. We're going to move into more of the softer metrics in the green section, lclp. Lclp, that's link click divided by landing page views, and it'll be link click divided by Add to Cart, initiate checkout and purchase. This is what we call the metric waterfall that we're trying to measure. How deep is this one asset that we're testing driving a consumer down to the funnel of a potential conversion? If I don't get revenue, no problem. But I want to at least know, is there something here worth testing and continue to build upon. On the far right side is landing patient Add to Cart, industry check on a purchase. That's just a specific smaller funnel overall, this led me to introduce Brandon, who, when I told him how much we were spending and how large our list was, he goes, Why the fuck aren't you on Amazon? I was like, Whoa, it's a completely different business. I myself don't know how to build it and run it, and so I needed somebody else to kind of step in and help me out of this. So this section, we're about to transition into what we did as soon as we were able to launch and scale, and now we're currently doing today. Hey guys,

Speaker  316010:40
I'm Brandon Fishman. I own a brand called Vita cup that I started that does over 20 million on Amazon, and run a small Amazon group that does the stuff for Nick as well. So talk a little bit about this. Creative is absolutely essential. No one invests enough in Amazon. Creative. Are so many examples where changing a hero image or a secondary images makes a massive difference. And test, test, test, early reviews, something we didn't do that well early for Nick's brand. I wish we did a little bit better on but getting early reviews is so essential, and there's very few legal ways to do it anymore. Vine is also important and proper SEO, and also using AI and advertising, if you're running advertising manually, definitely behind the times, and we're going to talk about that today a little bit, and then eventually getting the DSP and everything else that Amazon offers. How does this go? Here we go. So very quickly, as he mentioned, they did about a million dollars in the first four months. 260 their first month. They have a great DTC business that obviously translated really, really well on Amazon. This is the little case study there. So 260 was their very first month, definitely the best launch that we were a part of. And very, very, very well planned. They had. They use their email list, they use their SMS list, and really pushing everything off Amazon to Amazon helps the Amazon algorithm as well. So lifetime sales so far, they've only been up since July. Already done 2 million. So kind of a great first couple quarters on Amazon. Out of stocks hurt them early. We actually didn't plan for having that many sales that quickly. And as you know, out of stocks can be a killer. So they probably could have done double that if they had enough stock in place. And then did 338 in January, and should do about 5 million on Amazon in this their first full year. We look at everything on an hourly, daily basis. We pretty much optimize to tacos, which is total average cost of sale, or another fancy way of saying, spend divided by revenue. They're kind of going for anything under 15 tacos. Most CPG brands are kind of in that 10 to 20 range, except for out of the gate, we see a little bit higher if you can spend into lifetime value. Which the brands that grow really fast, they're the ones that are able to spend into lifetime value. One thing for Nick's brand that was really interesting is we took a look at search query on how many people searched their brand name before they launched and after their long after they launched. And you can see this was July, kind of before launched. There was about 24,000 people searching the brand. And then a few months later, that number over doubled. So everything they do on meta, we track the halo effect on brand searches, on everything they do on Tiktok and everything else, and we see that in brand searches, and we see that in increased sales. One thing we look at is also lifetime value of every different customer segment, and we advertise to DSPs, to different sectors, which I'll get into in a few minutes. One thing with this brand too, the average repeat interval was only 23 days. So they have a much larger average cart on their website than they do on Amazon. And you'll see that with pretty much every brand. But so people buy a six pack here, instead of maybe buying a 12 or 24 pack on on D to C, we focus on Amazon and trying to get them to try it. And because the average repeat interval is so quick, we actually run DSP retention campaigns try to get people back quickly, which works, and they buy again, or we get them on subscription. And we also look at new path analysis that Amazon has. You can see with this brand brand search is a big, a big reason to get people in. If you really have no brand search, it's really tough to do a huge launch on Amazon. The off Amazon stuff is so important these days. And then we track to see where we can improve different methods of the funnel on Amazon, brand tailored promos. If you guys aren't using them, they're probably the easiest way to improve conversion rate on Amazon. I always say there's image testing, and there's brand tailor promos, and there's SNS coupons. Those are the three things that every brand should always use. We've run numerous tests on multiple brands with them even having a 10% coupon on high intent, customers on Add to Cart, audiences, promising, customers. Just having that little green coupon there, even if people don't use it, helps the click through rate, and it helps the conversion rate every single test we've ever run. So it's worth the money. We also look at customer lifetime value on everything, and this is really where the magic comes into the advertising. A lot of brands will just run to an overall tacos or an overall ACOs, but really, when you where we got Vita cup really scaled and growing was we started to look at the average lifetime value of every different Asin and then we looked at basically building out a tacos model on a per asin basis. And that's when I was really able to scale Vita cup quickly on Amazon, and also Bres and the other brands as well. And when you do that, then you're really able to see kind of what your overall lifetime profitability is. Subscribe and Save. The one thing I'll say about this is use SNS coupons. They work. I probably have 30 case studies of brands that don't use them versus use them. It's you can see kind of the big path up there, up over there, for Nick's brand, it's the best way to grow it. 30% is the magic number if you can afford to do it. But if you have a $40 product, and they have a lifetime value of a couple $100 on this, on the sub, giving away $12 on a coupon is kind of like a no brainer. Of course, Amazon increased their coupon fees this week, even though they said there was going to be no new fees this year, there is. Yes, which is no surprise, but it's still worth it to have the SNS coupons on. My philosophy is leaving them on at all times there's really no I don't use regular coupons unless it's a big 10 pole day. I just use SNS coupons then the product listing. Obviously, they've done a ton of product testing and image testing that goes into that, which we test on Amazon as well. And we also used AI and used a B split test to test a lot of different images for them as well, getting into kind of our ad strategy for their brand. And every brand we look at, as I mentioned, we kind of analyze Kat and LTV and profitability for every single asin, which is really the most important thing. Don't optimize to an account level, optimize to an asin level. And then when you use AI, the one we use is called quartile, we can establish what's called i a cost goals on every Asin. So within in the system, we can actually put in our a cost goals, and the system will bid differently on every asin based on hitting a certain a cost. And we launch DSP to hit the different audiences as well and activate hourly bidding. The way that the AI works that we use is it has one keyword for every one one campaign for one keyword. And that's the way that it's actually able to properly optimize. So if you look at a campaign that we run, there might be 1000s of campaigns, which might look weird, but it does actually work a lot better. The example I have here is coffee. You can see kind of how it breaks it down. And it's an accordion approach, so the AI keeps getting wider, and then it narrows down. And if you will change the a cost, if you get a few more points aggressive on the a cost, it'll widen it out. Same if you narrow it down, but it's always going to outperform manual management. One of the ways it does that is hourly and daily bidding. It changes the bids 24 times a day based on time of day and day of week, and when it's most likely to convert you'll see a lot of brands waste money from 12 to four in the morning or eight to midnight. This doesn't do that. So if you have a coffee brand like I do, it's gonna bid heavily during the morning. If you have like a sleep aid brand, it's gonna bid more heavily at night, or sometimes even in the middle of the night. And it knows when to bid for when the conversion rate is higher versus when it's lower. And for

Speaker  431866:40
us, like we we were winning on the weekends when everybody was wanting to get in with us. They were like, they wanted our drink on the weekends for the effect which we didn't, we would have known if we didn't have this.

Speaker  434672:00
And then, so, just as an example, I was giving the coffee versus a sleep brand placement adjustment on Amazon is crucial, something really no one does enough. You know, you can bid top of search for some brands that works really, really well when there's kind of few competitors and you want to be the major player. And so this AI that we use also does placement adjustments throughout the day. So if you look at a campaign rerun, there's 1000s of adjustments throughout the week, always going to perform outperform human management. And then we constantly look at Kat conversion rate, click through rate, trying to improve that all the time. This is just a look at the DSP campaign that Nick's brand runs, and you can see that we'll send it out as well if you want to. But kind of the different things it runs, the tacos, the different campaigns. We always run a purchase remarketing campaign, a retention campaign, cross sale campaign, based on certain variables. Here's the other ones we run as well re engage. So basically purchases anyone who has not, who has seen it and hasn't purchased in 30 days. Retention for Nick's brand, we run a little less, because they're 23 day kind of repeat rate to try to get people back. And also in the retention campaigns, what you can do is you can run custom SNS banners and exclude, include, exclude current subs to try to get more subs on there. Cross sell campaigns work really, really well. Contextual is kind of the only upper funnel thing that seems to be working on Amazon, DSP these days. Since, if they're searching the same kind of category, Amazon is always going to over inflate DSP results, because they heavily believe in view through attribution. I do not. So I look at the click through rate, mostly because if you look at a top of funnel, Amazon, ROAs, and it looks like it's a five, they're just lying to you. You're lucky to get about a one, but it's still good to have upper funnel stuff in there. But I would look at the click through rate and the clicks, and not the view throughs. And then there's conquest and campaigns through Amazon Marketing Cloud. Now, if you're not running the add to cart DSP campaigns, probably the best ROAs thing you can run on Amazon. You need a very small budget, and it works really, really well. And then, sorry, here's their actual DSP campaigns. You can see how it breaks down with their different spend levels. Most of it's on remarketing and retention, smaller amounts on Add to Cart and contextual and then a look at a campaign strategy and kind of how we break it out. And then Amazon Marketing Cloud, something more people need to start using. It's extremely powerful. If you know how to look and download the data and use it, you can kind of look at wits ad paths are driving the most revenue. Is sponsored brand working better than than sponsored search? Is DSP working? It's super, super important to look at this data, especially when you're spending a lot of a lot of money and and analyze it. So this is for Nick's brand. You can see, like the top five paths we put here, sponsored products being the number one. Yeah, and then actually display leading to certain sponsored products. And you can get really deeper, and you can see which campaigns which creatives. It's like a multi attribution tool that Amazon recently came out with, but most people aren't actually using it yet. And when you use it and start to optimize it, it's pretty powerful. And we saw the path to the strongest or new to brand acquisitions

Speaker  486341:20
was their sponsored, sponsored search campaigns

Speaker  487925:20
on my brand that I own little bike up case study. But anything you can do with with Amazon Marketing Cloud is look at how many times people are coming back to buy it, and split out those audiences and then separate your DSP campaigns amongst them. So we'll use certain we'll boost repurchase campaigns using AMC audiences. Then we'll have certain loyalty campaigns, or people that buy two to five times try to turn them into subs, and then different campaigns for very key loyal customers. And when you break that out, that's when DSP can start to work for you. We only spend on DSP. We spend about 10 to 20% of our search budget, but we try to do it really effectively through these different funnels, using AMC data. And then I'll give an example. I do work for tide and Downey and some Procter and Gamble brands. And this is an example of their actual image on the left that there was their main Amazon image for years for the tide to go pen, we made slight changes on it. We found that the number one search term that people were searching for when they were searching for this thing and converting was instant stain remover. So we brought that to the forefront. This one little image change had a 53% increase in conversion rate. It might look a little tiny, small thing, but for a lot of brands, they can actually use Amazon as a testing ground and test different hero images. And a lot of brands that I've worked with, Gen X is another one, which is a kind of a kids medicine company will actually take their learnings from Amazon and then change their actual package based on what they've learned. So Amazon doesn't really care if you alter it slightly, as long as it looks mostly like it. And then some takeaways. Always look at the images. Always have to test and leverage sponsored brands. What else? Just some more AMC insights here focus on sponsored products. Is what we found out through Nick's brand the most leveraging sponsored brands. There's a lot of people playing in the mushroom space, but they need to own that top spot, especially on mobile. And what's working better is sponsored brand video now, because now because now that you have that and you can kind of take over that one spot up top, which is better than search, enhance retargeting and also combine ad types. And for growth strategy for this brand, Subscribe and Save is essential. They're growing like crazy. Everything he does on meta and Tiktok is really bringing loyalty. And then we're the people that come the crossover to Amazon, just trying to get them to subscribe as much as possible, using brand tailored promos deals whenever we can. I'll mention this on deals. This is the over the last 30 days. Is kind of the first time I've seen a downturn for a lot of brands on Amazon sales. It might be macro economic headwinds, or people spending a little bit less when the market crashes. But the ones that are not losing sales are ones that are still doing deals and discounting. But it's good to mention because the last three weeks have been rougher. And I think it's important to note that we might go through a period where discounting is going to be very important. Virtual bundles, obviously, to increase sales and make sure you run Prime Day. Well, if you're not planning for July. Now you're definitely behind. Amazon is saying that most of the distribution centers are going to have a six to eight week backup, and you should be shipping out by May, for July, the absolute latest, and that's about it. Thank you guys.

Speaker  539429:19
Bye. Questions here. Good questions. Who wants to go first? Alex, bam. That's how it ranges. Yeah, baby, yeah. For the meta ads I saw that you have you're testing five different angles. Do you have five different landing pages per angle, or is the one landing page you have to cover all those angles

Speaker  545072:00
for speed, same landing page, ideally, if the lowest leverage is the fastest thing, the quickest thing I can get up and running is usually what I start with. Because now that we're at a size that I'm a little bit bigger than I want to be, it takes a little bit more time to get the specific lander approved and created, even if we're using like a rep low or a page builder. So start off with the angles on ads first same page. Alright, let's see who else. How many of you guys are spending actively on, not Amazon advertising channels. Okay, are you? Did you? How many of you guys just started spending this year? How many

Speaker  555978:39
guys started spending last year?

Speaker  556826:40
Okay, how many guys are about to start spending? But you're like nervous because you don't know where to start. Okay, it's definitely like the off Amazon push is going to start. Happening, I think

Speaker  560144:00
so actually, it's working, right? So they see off Amazon, it was,

Speaker  562032:00
it was actually working too good for us. So we sell, we have our infused product, which is cannabis, and most of the ads that were doing incredible were infused. So then they'd go to Amazon and they'd start buying the core product which we sell that is not cannabis infused, drinking it, thinking that they're getting drugs, weed from cannabis from Amazon, and then writing reviews, going like, this. Did nothing. This was just a $9 can. And so it was actually, it was actually a really big issue, because they were like, Oh, they're reviewing us. But now we have a mission. Now we had to turn ads off on Tiktok because it was too good, and we had to kind of go back and rework all the copy and conversion rate dropped a little bit on Amazon because Tiktok worked way too good because of our lives and any of the ads we're running. So that actually sucked, I think, especially if

Speaker  574010:40
you're in the supplement space and you're starting to see CPCs of 456, dollars in certain areas, that's just never going to back out. So you have to do off Amazon to Amazon to make it work.

Speaker  576752:00
We're seeing it now. I just have a question on the AMC data. How are you getting that? And are you using any third parties to help summarize that data for you?

Speaker  579008:00
Yeah, we have kind of a data analysis team that downloads it. It comes in really, really messy from Amazon. So there's no real good way to do it, other than have some good data scientists that can download the data and put into charts and make it readable right now. So

Speaker  583189:20
there's no like you can't go out of the box to do it now. You have

Speaker  583989:20
to have a DSP seat right now. And then you have to leverage that data to do it. There's not an easy way, other than leveraging an agency that can

Speaker  585957:20
do it. Your lead apps for that. Hey, images look awesome, and you said that those are all AI. Do you have, like, a template? Like, how did you create all those?

Speaker  589034:40
Did you screenshot the templates? Okay, so if you want to go, like, more high tech and more updated, I don't own this one at all. It's just called Creative os.io these guys do real time template updates every single day and week, from ads to emails to landing pages, and that's where I get a lot of my like, inspo, and I'll pull it right into Canva and go that route if you don't want to go to figma. So I would start there. It's like, I think 10 to 15 bucks a month, creative os.io and then so once I go to templates and I know something's working, then we'll have a freelance editor, just start making the editable templates, and that's it. Just because I don't want to, I don't want to spend the time to do it. So I'm going

Speaker  599477:20
to piggyback off this question real quick. So hold on, hold on. So he was talking about, I think, renderings, like when you take your bottle, you can flip it upside down, you can go sideways. How are you doing that? That's pretty cool. Jeez, even

Speaker  603658:40
I can't tell you how to do that, because his name is, his name is literally, I found one guy who's in Eastern Europe. I don't know where he lives. It's probably, it's probably Bulgaria or Hungary. His name is Arman, and he's only got to do this. I have two guys that are claiming that they can make my 3d rendering graphics that we have on the site. As soon as I find them and vet them, I will share because I can't share them on it's too good. Yeah.

Speaker  610000:00
No, they look amazing. It looks amazing. Good job, man. Thank you.

Speaker  611968:00
Stand up. How are you scaling your meta Ed smoke test? So to do that for one test is a lot of work in and of itself. But how do you do that across multiple multiple tests? How

Speaker  614933:20
many SKUs Do you run?

Speaker  615589:20
We're promoting, call it five to 10 SKUs at a time.

Speaker  616677:20
Five to 10 SKUs. Okay, so we it's a good question, because you're gonna need top three SKUs your total budget, as long as the testing budget is under $1,000 a day, of like in my head, that is, these are unproven assets. And that's that's where I'll be at that that many skews. The only progression that would make the most sense is in the testing campaign, in the smoke test, I scale it where it is for what's working. So if it's working on the initial test, I don't always progress into Do I need a video? Do I need motion graphic? The issue with people is that they don't have a consistent system of getting more into the revision. They just find a winner and they just run that shit till it dies. So the most important part is like I need, you need to have some sort of repeatable system, from an image to a video, or a good motion graphic to a video. And that's really the biggest takeaway on this one, because I didn't want people to think that they had to do a bunch of new things. It really does start with images for call outs to just motion graphic, or one Creator speaking to the reason why I would only progress it into the prospecting specific campaign if it has been profitable for the five to seven days since launch. So your testing and growth is scale it where it lies, and then put it into its own campaign, specifically just for the ones that have proven or earned the right to be graduated.

Speaker  639226:40
And how many are you testing at a time? First. Specific product.

Speaker  640240:00
You asking, how much, how much are we currently testing? Or what if you

Speaker  641328:00
have one hero skew, how many different campaigns are you testing? My

Speaker  642544:00
team is required to do five specific angles, five ads from those angles to 25 specific tests a week. And so by the end of the month, I need to have anywhere between 150 to 250 new tests. I'm not saying it has to be completely incredible, but it has to be different enough that is from what has worked previously. So my goal is, if, how large is your team? We're seven people, awesome. How many people are in charge of creative me and one other as as it should be, right? So I think if your goal is to have two, two new core concepts and at least five assets that are new tested a week, that's 25 over that first month, and that's that's more than enough to start moving the needle. And if you're thinking through restructuring or working the team, bro, I have a lot of workflows that we've done very wrong over the years that I could share about

Speaker  656816:00
that would be great. Thank you. No worries. Thank you. Maddie, yeah,

Speaker  657584:00
just as a follow up to that, how much are you spending on these creative tests?

Speaker  658512:00
So it depends on the depends on the initial test, but anywhere between 406 $100 a day is what I want at our side. I don't think that's necessary. I think what's necessary is I look at tranches of 5000 impressions. I don't know what that spend is for you, but every 5000 impressions, I need a decision, is this turning up? Am I turning this up? Am I turning this off? That's

Speaker  664517:20
incredibly helpful. That's more than enough direction we definitely struggle with. Do we have enough testing budget to give it enough time and space to actually prove out over five to seven days, if it moves into a scale and fail.

Speaker  667434:40
So this is, oh my god, I should do I should do this talk, just specifically on this one, I'm 11 years in on this, and I've spent and lost more money than I should have in this fucking life. There's no perfect number. I've tried to build calculators and workflows and thought processes on this. It's essentially an accordion. So I'm gonna launch from the day I launch. I look at it on a 5000 impression tranche, meaning, after 5000 what is the decision? And then it's over three days, seven days, 14 days, and I just continue to accordion out and in each time. Because a Monday is different than a Wednesday different than a Saturday, as you know. So it's, it's a moving target, and we're just, it's a lot of, like, art and science, like, how do I feel? And this is when you get your creative people going, like, I feel like it's gonna convert. You're like, Well, yeah, but I feel like I'm about to go broke. It's like, the same relationship, all right. Good question. Thank you.
