7. FC Chats_ Creating Memorable Packaging That Generates Revenue Plus Logistics Insights For 2025
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Person. Aaron has run in New York. I met some of you in person before, but great meeting you guys. I'm gonna do a screen share. Right? How do I present? Alright, let's do it. Do you guys see my screen? Thumbs up to preface. I am not the best designer. This deck is not gorgeous, but it gets a point across. All right, I want to come to you to talk to you guys about how to make packaging that makes you more money. And for the most part, packaging isn't really giving me a background. Jason, I'll get into it. Don't worry. That's like, it's crazy. But for the most part, packaging isn't really something that people think about when they think about levers, I think pull to make more money in the business, but it also has some power there. So I'll go over some ways that we get go into that. But for everyone here, my name is Jason. I started in E commerce about 10 years ago. Actually started when I was in Canada, when I was 17, 1617, years old. I operate a number of brands myself. I invest into SaaS companies and econ brands, and I also advise some of these companies. I currently run a company called packing duck and a company called saucy. I love naming my company's really fun names. I feel like that makes me look forward to working at companies when they're kind of silly.

Speaker  21296:00
Packing duck is hilarious. Well done talking. Yeah, it's so good.

Speaker  23013:20
I started saucy six years ago as a supply chain logistics company, which is to help other brands navigate overseas supply chain. I was born in Hong Kong. Chinese was my native tongue, and so I was like, what's the better way to leverage my background, my language and my my place now in E commerce, and merging it together help people with their supply chain. Two years ago, I took all the money that I made across my sourcing company and my brands, and I bought a factory in China. The factory makes packaging, and the theory for that is everyone needs packaging. Every single brand. If you're selling straws, you need the paper packaging. If you're selling a refrigerator, you need a box to carry it. Virtually every single person needs it. Our tam is ginormous, but everyone hates how high they're paying for packaging. No one really knows who they're working with. Most people get their packaging from whoever's making their main products, so they're almost always paying a markup, and so by buying the factory, I'm able to go directly to our clients. With my brand experience, I'm able to advise our clients on how to make better packaging help them save some money, and that's really what we do at packing duck. These are some of the packaging that I made over the years that I think we're more fun. In 2017 I launched a condom, and the packaging looks like a ramen ramen noodle packaging. I went through a phase when I was much, much younger, where I just want to make really silly stuff, and that was one of the products I made. A couple years later, I got into beauty. I run a company called dough lashes, and within dough I launched a new product, and I was like, what's up? What's a fun packaging I can make for this? And I made a note card and packaging I've learned that is actually quite challenging to do this in in bulk, because a lot of these patching they might look nice in the on the outside, but they don't really last during transport and retail shops and whatnot. So there's a lot of learnings I made when I was running a brand that I'm now translating into the manufacturing side. Some of the brands that we make packaging for. We did the boxes for Quest Nutrition. We did stuff for array at Dior when we Oh, change, forgot, change here. We did water boy, and we also did Fiji water. And the whole point for for this is that packaging tends to be an afterthought. Most people work on the packaging after they start working on a product, which I think actually should be the other way around. It's the first impression that people have of your product is the first touch point. So for me, maybe I'm a little biased, but I think that's really, really important that most people should put more time into. I think there is three different ways that brands can make more money with their packaging, and it breaks down to getting more people to talk about your brand so more views, saving you money when you're reducing the weight and also increasing the credibility of your brand and getting people to trust you more if you're able to do all these things together and doing it really well. So let's go over the three ways to optimize for views, weight and trust. Alright, get ready. So number one, this is very, very straightforward, very self explanatory. Some of you will be like, Yeah, no shit. Of course. Make it social media worthy, but you'll be surprised. A lot of people don't put that much thought into the overall branding and the patching aspects of the brand. One of the things that we did really well during the start of Tiktok, when I launched my brand back in 2018 was we offer. Optimize for making packaging that stands out. So for our lashes, back in the day, lashes wasn't really a pretty product. It was just something that you grab off of CVS or Walgreens. But I really wanted to take inspiration from what I saw in Japan and Korea, where they were using a lot more color. And nowadays, every single brand has a lot more colors, but back in the day, there wasn't really that much color and packaging. They're kind of dual and muted. So number one was making that social media worthy. And the reason for that is a lot of people are creators. Now, everyone's almost a creator, and from a brand's perspective, I feel like it's our duty to give them the ingredients to make content. The more content worthy stuff that you give to them, the more likely that they're able to make contact for you. There's really only two reasons why people will share a packaging or brand on social media. Maybe there's a little bit more, but there's two main points that I think they do. Number one is to show off the brand. Maybe they want to show off what they bought. Maybe they want to show the Patrick looks nice. Maybe want, they want to just tell people that they bought something. But number two is to educate their followers about a brand. But within these, both of these points, you really just make something that stands out. No one wants to take a picture of a brown box and say, Hey, look at the brown box and items that inside I bought. What I found is that Instagram really favors esthetics. Tiktok favors entertainment. This is also a wealth duh moment. But back when I started the brand, no one was really thinking about how these two platforms and the way that people respond to content were thinking and so from a brand's perspective, those are two areas that you want to optimize for, things that look really pretty, really esthetic. And number two things that can be fun to unbox in front of the video. This is one of my favorite PR box from a brand called Gentle Monster. They launch a collection of sunglasses that were inspired by jelly candies. And further PR box, they literally put their sunglasses inside what you will typically find gummy candies to be in. I thought that was really fun. Funny enough, there's actually one of the lowest cost PR packaging that I've seen that has the most impact, because these aluminum bags do not cost that much money. Whereas you've probably seen some PR boxes from brands that cost 50 $60 are extremely extravagant, and they didn't get as many views as this simple bag. So just really thinking outside of the box, quite literally, can really get you a lot more views. And like I said, no one wants to get these. This was actually not a hard picture to find. I went on Google and I just typed in Kinu boxes, and I found a box on the left, people really get the first impression of the brand in the box. If your box arrives, shatter, dented, damage and really lack branding, that's really going to lower their expectations when they unbox it for you. There's nothing wrong with giant, big brown craft boxes if you're selling large products. I know some of you might sell gigantic products that you just cannot brand the entire box. That's totally fine, but if you do have the opportunity to add some color to it, I absolutely encourage you guys to do that. The second thing is to optimize for weight. This is where it gets really fun. Finding the most optimal packing setup is one of those things that you don't really do right when you first start the brand, because you just don't know what people are going to order. And then something that we went through a year into starting our brand, I started thinking, what is the right configuration of boxes that I need to have to solve for the majority of my orders? Some people might think they're going to make four or five different boxes for their orders, because some people might buy one pack, some people might buy five packs. But the reality is that there is 80% of the people that will just buy a certain type of configuration of your of your products, and you want to optimize for that first in order to save money. There's really no point, in my opinion, to have four or five different packaging, boxes and bags if you're just starting out, especially if you don't have a lot of capital, and even if you have a lot of capital, it's probably not the best place to park your money. The next thing is that finding the right packaging specification that can protect your product as well as delivering a luxury experience. So finding the right point to compromise on you don't want to have too much luxury and not protecting it, you don't have too much protection and not have enough Luxury and Premium feeling to it. And I'm going to show you an example of how we did that. This is some of the packaging that we did for a brand called Mad happy. On the left, their box weights over one pound. I think this is a 1.5 pound box empty. And for those of you that have ever shipped anything with UPS, USPS and any of these carriers. You know that 1.5 pounds empty is a lot of money. We started making polymell bags for them, which weighed 0.14 pounds empty. And the funny thing is that both these boxes actually hold the same amount of volume. The box on the left can hold. One hoodie from them, and the box and the bag on the right can also hold one hoodie. And so, you know, it's okay to have fancy boxes for certain situations, for example, PR for in store purchases, but for the most part, if you're a DDC brand, it's really important for you to think about weight as a part of your packaging experience. Like I said, you don't want to compromise on quality in order to save some money. But there is a middle point that I think brands can reach and find that can still deliver a really good experience. This is something that we did for another brand. It's a luxury sleepwear brand called dorm roses. On the left was their box. Originally, it was 141 grams. We shaved it down to 122 grams, which doesn't sound like a lot, but it saved them $1 per every single order that they shipped out and at their volume, it's quite a lot of money when we are thinking about shaving down weight. We didn't want to reduce the weight so much that it doesn't feel heavy and doesn't have a premium feeling. So there is a point where, like, it still feels heavy, it still feels premium, it still protects a product, but we're able to shave a certain amount of weight. And this is where you can work with your packaging factory to do multiple iterations to test, test it during transit, test shipping it from one country to the other, and see what is that point where it is okay to shave that much amount of weight?

Speaker  182789:20
This is where it gets really nerdy. I'm gonna cross over this, but this is called flutes. These flutes are packaging that you've definitely seen a lot in cardboard boxes. I've seen brands that try to go really, really heavy, but they really don't. The thickness of the paper can correspond to the weight of the product inside, as well as how far you can ship it. So if you're just shipping within the United States, you probably don't need something too thick. If you're shipping it internationally, you need something that's heavier and thicker so that can protect you when it goes through planes, warehouses, ships and whatnot. And the third point here is making packaging that's on part of your brand. And I show some pictures from apple boxes, from the air mass boxes, because these are the boxes and brands that we think about sometimes we keep, you know, there's definitely some of these Apple iPhone boxes I keep in my closet just one day, maybe I'll need it again. And also I probably never do, but just having it there, because I don't want to throw them away, that's how good their packaging are. And it's worth it for Apple to invest that much money to create these packaging boxes, because they want something that is on part of their brand. What that does to us as a consumer is that just from the unboxing experience, it elevates our expectation that we have with the brand. If you're selling a $1,500 iPhone, you probably don't want to have a box that's too cheap. You want to have a box that communicates your level of luxury, communicates your brand philosophy. And because it is a touch point, the first touch point that you have with your customers, it really sets the bar for what they expect. On the left is a castle watch. That's probably 40, $50 that box probably costs 1516 cents on the box. On the right for a Rolex watch, which is incredibly much more expensive than a castle watch, that box, I've done that quote before, probably costs around 15, $16 this goes back to the point that if you're going to have a certain price point for your brand, you want to make sure that all the other aspects, from your website to your packaging to your brand copy, needs to be on the same level. And when you're able to do that, it builds a lot of trust that you have of your customers, makes them come back and buy over and over again, makes them talk about it to their friends, and so that's why I think it's really important for you to not just have packaging as an asset all, but really think about how you integrate that in all aspects of your branding and marketing strategy. Quickly gloss over what we do. We do paper packaging. We do metal tints, plastic components, glass bottles, the paper packaging is something that we own in house. The plastic metal and glass factories are our partner factories. And what we do is that we get factory direct pricing directly of our customers, and on average, save about 10 to 25% on packaging compared to our clients, previous quotes some of our clients that we've worked with. We've done boxes for Starbucks. We've done stuff for Fiji, water, Matt happy. We really do work with a pretty wide range of brands, from startup brands to national brands. I like to say this, and not to like devalue, what we do is but at the end of the day, paper is just paper. It doesn't matter how big of a brand you are, as long as it's paper and it's a three day structure, we can most likely do it anyways. Quack away. Ask me any questions that you guys might have about your packaging. Let me stop presentation real quick. Get back into this chat. I. How long was that? I feel like, I just yeah, for an hour. That wasn't too long. 10 minutes.

Speaker  241312:00
You got about 15. That was good stuff. Alrighty.

Speaker  242352:00
How is that for everyone? I feel like, for those of you that done this for quite a long time, some of these might be just basic knowledges, but, you know, my job here is just to educate people on the importance of packaging, which is not something I thought I would be when I grew up.

Speaker  247717:20
Kara, you got a question? Yeah.

Speaker  248805:20
Hey, Jason, nice to meet you. I enjoyed everything you had to say. So I'm a service based business, and I'm getting into tangible products. I'm a vocal coach, and I'm beginning to work on some original tangible products and some white label tangible products. And I think my question right now is actually for the white label ones, because it seems like those will be the quicker place to roll out. I've talked to some places in China. You know, you have to find to white label. It seems like you have to find where the molds are and work with that factory. And it seems like you sort of get pigeonholed into this whole like, all right. Well, this is where the molds are. They're offering packaging too. You're sort of stuck. It seems with this like one service factory fits all type of deal. And I was wondering if there's a way out of that to where you just, you know, get the product and then you can work with a more creative company, because there it's very limited in regards to the creativity of packaging as well as, you know, the options, you know, like having to ship entire pallets over to the US and house them here in order to get closer delivery times for customers versus, you know, just ordering it and then having it shipped, but then you've got like, temu waiting times, which isn't something Americans are going to deal with, at least my clients, right? So aside from the creativity standpoint of, like, white labeling something and making it fun logistically, how do you get around that? Is there a way around that?

Speaker  272784:00
Around long waiting times around,

Speaker  273487:59
like, if I find, for instance, I want to, I want a white list, or, sorry, white label this vocal mister. It's like a portable vocal mister, and I want my brand on it. And I want to, you know, change a couple things about it. And it seems, though, in order to do that, I found the manufacturer over there, but it's like, I gotta then do everything with them. It seems I can't just, like, get the product made and then package it over.

Speaker  279957:20
That's what they want you to believe, because they do a markup on the packaging. So the person who's making the mister is obviously not making the packaging. They're subcontracting it out to firms like us, and for the most part, for the last 20 some years, packaging manufacturers are always like, in the background, we're like the producer on Amazon, like there's a singer, there's a producer, we're the producer analogy. And I think in your scenario, as long as you're communicating that, hey, we do have a packing supplier that we want to work with, we have a deal with them. Can they just be the packaging supplier and you be the main product supplier? There's really no reason for them to say No, unless they really want to make that money off of you. Logistically and production wise, there's no real reason why they cannot work with an outside factory, because they're just a person assembling the patching and main product. That is actually one of the ways that these factories make extra money off of clients is they do a huge markup. It's typically 30 to 45% markup on packaging. Yeah, they put all the packaging and the product into one single line item. So you don't really know what their markups are. That's probably how the PO came out,

Speaker  298485:20
right? Yeah, exactly, and I knew it, but it's like I didn't. I also don't know the other option or the alternative to say, Just

Speaker  300938:40
say you have a partner, whether it's us or anyone else. You say that you have someone already, and that's the that's a component that you want. I also don't think you need to necessarily open a mole unless you really want to customize it, but there's typically 1000s of molds already made that we have in our inside our factory that you can just choose from, like shape, size, different pumps if you're using if as fluids inside those things are already made. So you don't need to buy new modes for it. If they want you more. It's probably to make a little bit more money off you. I'm happy to talk to you after this call, to walk you through it and see what's up.

Speaker  311413:20
Yeah, that'd be great. I'm totally interested in it. And my big stopping and sticking point was, like, I don't have any connections over there, I don't speak the language, and I just knew that, like, something wasn't right, but I couldn't fight it or put my finger on so I just kind of let it go and got busy with other stuff. But I'd love to pick but I'd love to

Speaker  315610:40
pick it back up. Love that. That's really why we started, was we saw so many of the same problems with so many of my friends. Personally, my company really started because I started helping my friends with their supply chain. They're like, hey, I need someone that can speak the language, that understands the culture and can help me with it. And that's really how. Our company started,

Speaker  320256:00
that's so great. Yeah, let's chat. Let's chat in the club or whatever. I'd love to

Speaker  321648:00
help Pinchas on Slack, but anyone else curious about problems that they're facing, or maybe even the same problem where you feel like you're getting overcharged on packaging? I'm happy to talk to you guys about that.

Speaker  324720:00
Justin, you got a question? Yeah, just jumping in. Just want to say, Jason, thanks for the presentation. Man, this is, this is great. We deal a lot with with overseas, especially for packaging. All of our packaging is probably from, from China. You're talking about customization and stuff for molding and what is So hypothetically, like, if we're testing on a new product, we don't want to order a large volume of boxes, maybe a few 100. Like, what does an MOQ for you look like? In that regard, our MOQ

Speaker  332458:40
internally is 100 outside 2500 and the reason why I had to put a 2500 MOQ is because we're just getting a lot of people who came in as prices and they left without two. We have people who weren't too serious. But because you guys are in the club, I know you guys are obviously serious, we're happy to adjust to, you know, just testing out for you guys, some of our biggest clients today came to us when they just had a 250 unit order. We like to believe that we're growing with our clients. We believe in the growth trajectory of our clients so we can lower it for you.

Speaker  341440:00
Okay, no, that that's awesome. And just for context, so I have a baseball company. I pretty much ship all my stuff in rigid mailers. I need to get those customized. So we'll talk about that. And own a Glassware company, and we've gotten a shit ton of glassware boxes customized out there. And I think one of the things that I've noticed predominantly is also to distrusting the cost of shipping from there to here, because I'm in Canada, and it's, you know, if you're doing like, we import ourselves, we ship it to the border, we pick it up, essentially. But it's still like, you know, three skids. It's almost $1,000 just to ship from China to Canada. And it's a little suspect sometimes. So I think definitely having somebody that I can trust or has some connection to that is that'd be great to have. So yeah,

Speaker  353808:00
take a look for you. And I always tell even my friends I work with, if my prices are not competitive, do not work with me. Yeah, and I think it's only having ones that it didn't work out by just a tiny bit. But my background is in logistics, so I started the logistics company in the supply chain company six years ago, yeah, and I only got to packaging two years ago. So we do our freight forwarding for our clients. We do it for cross nets. We couldn't do it for Hush, because Aaron sold this company for before we really have to talk. But we do a lot for cross nets. And so when our clients use us for patching, we also do the shipping for them as a added service. And the reason why we're able to keep prices low is because we do these different divisions so that we're able to work across different different services, as opposed to, if you just use one single company for one thing, they have to make the most of my money. Yeah, from and so that's how we're able to spread across our discounts. Awesome.

Speaker  368186:40
And you mentioned that you also do supply chain sourcing too. Okay, so, yeah, we'll definitely talk. I'll shoot you a message after

Speaker  369744:00
Yeah, of course,

Speaker  370288:00
Paul, you got a question? Yeah?

Speaker  371232:00
Nice. Thanks for chatting, Jason, that's great information. I have an extensive packaging background. I spend lots of time in that sort of industry, in past lives, so very familiar. But I wanted to ask you is, what, what type of packaging materials you guys deal with in terms of, is it corrugated, paperboard, plastic, you know, what's just as an overall, what's the different mediums you're looking for? And then, I guess, I guess timeframes that go along with, you know, start to finish. Yeah.

Speaker  377509:19
So the factory that we personally own is a paper factory. All plastics, metal and glass or partner factories. They're either a friends factory that we have contracts with, or factories that we personally have used many, many years. For paper factories, we do grade boards, we do craft white paper, craft brown paper. And for machines, we use Japanese machines, Japanese and German machines. For printing, we can do all sorts of print effects, UV and boss, the boss, the basic stuff,

Speaker  386528:00
sorry, in terms of time and timing, what's from start, I know, once everything's approved, from that standpoint, is the approval process. So you, as you know, takes the most time, generally speaking, whether it's structure or graphics. But once everything's approved, What's the timeframe allotted to get that sort of, you know, once you say, push the button, and it gets limited here, and we're in Canada as well. So what's that timeframe? Kind

Speaker  392037:20
of look like? Production is about 18 to 22 days for production, and between that the first few days is for us to align artworks, for us to make the printing plates, because, as you know, for any type of packaging, we have to make the print plates. It's a Copper plate that has your designs on it. And then we also spend a lot of time on color matching. There's many instances where it takes six, seven times to color match exactly to the color that you want. So the first few times, a fifth few. Is really just for us to test, create the materials and test again. Production generally takes two three days. And then we also have internal QCS, three rounds of QCS that takes over three days. And then I like to have some more buffer rooms. So realistically, we could get things done a little bit faster by always, quote, a little bit longer, so 18 to 20 days, because something always goes wrong. So that's my protection. In terms of shipping air, shipping takes about eight to 11 days by air. We typically don't recommend shipping patching by air, because quite dense and heavy sea shipping to the east coast will probably be about 35 to 40 days. There are faster ships and there's slower ships. There are slower ships that are 50 days. That takes a couple stops along the way. What we usually do for Canada is we'll ship it to either east coast or west coast of the United States, and then we'll rail it up or truck it up to the border.

Speaker  415658:40
So I guess all in depending on, but you're probably a couple three months altogether, depending on what exactly you know you're doing, I

Speaker  417568:00
guess. Yeah, Canada, unfortunately, it's not most common target.

Speaker  418896:00
Okay, no, cool. Thank you appreciate it. I think we may

Speaker  420016:00
make sense, right? You could order a little bit ahead if it

Speaker  420896:00
cost me. Yep. 100% we may chat. Thanks. I love that. Thank you.

Speaker  422245:20
Jack,

Speaker  422997:20
Hey, Jason, I'm currently doing R and D for products, and I'm wanting to know best steps going about getting the packaging done. So I currently have one offering in the market. It's a bigger bag. It's in 100 grand bag for food. And I'm trying to do like, you know, midday squares, yeah, trying to do a convenience offering, so doing a case of 12 pouches. What would you suggest best practice to figure out, like, I have the product and now I need to figure out, like, how big the bag is and how big the box is. What would you suggest I do to figure that out?

Speaker  433120:00
We can work with you on creating the structural design for the bags depending on the size of the content inside. We also need to talk to whoever's your co Packer to understand what is their packing capabilities for different types of bags, most likely you want to have at least 30, 40% of the bag being empty, just for just to have some air. And then if you need the bag to be re stealable, we can add a resealable patch for you. Yeah, inside we'll have to have food safe lining. And then on the surface that's there's a lot more options for you. Can make it metal. You can make it

Speaker  442741:20
matte, glossy, yeah, sure, but you, you can help me figure out specs, yep, okay, sounds good. Okay, I have your email, so I'll reach out.

Speaker  445338:40
Love that you work with mid day.

Speaker  446266:40
No, no, I know Jake Carl's I was, yeah, I spent a day on his boat in at his country house, like, years before. Well, he was just starting the business, but I'm not, like, good, good friends with him, or anything.

Speaker  449375:59
No, got it, got it. Got it. Yeah, bags like theirs and, you know, same, anything similar to that.

Speaker  450688:00
Okay, sounds good. Okay, I'll reach out. Thanks, awesome.

Speaker  451520:00
All right. Who else has got questions something where the pat answer isn't, you know, we'll, we'll reach out. I hear some nerdy stuff here. Come on, this is fun.

Speaker  455285:20
Do you guys do these calls often? Every two weeks? I love to be on the next one and maybe like in person meetup. It feels like I should do the next meetup in Canada.

Speaker  457797:20
There you go. There you go. Anybody? Anybody got questions?

Speaker  459946:40
It's even more nerve wracking when I do this in person, because at Q and A's like, anyone have questions, no one raises their hands until one person raises their hands. So I'm just standing there with the mic, right?

Speaker  462730:40
Do you? I'll ask a question. Do you? Jason, do you also offer the RFID integrations with any of the packaging that you create as well, too, because I know that that's a big thing for a lot of major retailers, like Walmart's asking about that now, and I think sporting goods is incorporating it in the US, into their products.

Speaker  467248:00
Just a sticker, we can ask, okay, cool stickers are like, I think eight, nine cents last time I quoted. And we can school it on for you, sweet. We had a we have a few clients that are in the vape category, vape industry, and they started using RFID for authentication, because there's a lot of fake it's a good idea. Yeah. Had another client in the same category. They started doing scratch offs, so they add scratch offs into the packaging, so people can scratch off and win prices. I thought that was a cool idea. Make a cap. That's a cool idea. A lot of fun stuff that people do in packaging that I'm even learning. I mean, we could do all of them, but I just never thought about doing them until our clients tell us, yeah,

Speaker  479642:40
what's like the what's. The thing these days, like, what's, what are people leaning towards?

Speaker  480992:00
The baby, right? Be, like, sustainable and whatnot. We've worked with some clients. I'm gonna tell you, like, some crazy creative stuff. There are packaging that you can add scents to, like fragrances you ever seen, like those things where you can scratch off and there's like, a scent that comes out of it. People have done that for you. We can add up to packaging, like scratch off and have scents. What else? Putting things in impacting that typically they don't come into like putting T shirts and stuff in the bag they put in the tube. That was fun. Piece of boxes, like piece of style boxes is a fun new packaging. Now, anything that people do to optimize for views like it just needs to be entertaining. It's, it's something that I feel like the Tiktok era has changed about packaging.

Speaker  493626:40
I was just thinking Chris. Chris goodrow just jumped back on. He was talking about, like, scratch and sniff packaging. Yeah, you can eat a cookie packaging that scratches. Sniff. That'd be pretty fun. I just Oh,

Speaker  498192:00
yeah, no, the Susie has this, the smelling part of it. Can you put that on a sticker? Can you do something small? Yeah, yeah. That's interesting. I have a product that has, my product has a smell when you open it up. So we have flavored liquids kind of thing, flavor shots. So whether it's peanut Kat or root beer or whatever, that'd be a great thing to put on top of the package so people can smell before they actually bought it. Big marketing tool,

Speaker  504901:20
yeah, we had another client called Auto brush. It's like a toothbrush that just one single device you put in it brushes all your teeth at the same time, they launch a new passion with us, where, when you open up the box for the kids collection, music play. So we can put, like a little audio speaker inside the packaging that when you open it, it's like a birthday card, and it sings like a kids song that was fun. So many people have good ideas, like, we're not really the ones that come with the good ideas. We can just execute on it. But it's always fun for me to see how far people take packaging. Hey, Jessica, hi.

Speaker  514688:00
So we do all paper packaging. That's we do one day surprise road trip. By January's we go through about 200,000 envelopes a year. I'm wondering, do you guys, would you guys do, like, envelope printing?

Speaker  518517:20
Yep, yes, okay, cool. Like, as long as it's made of paper, we could do it is deeper, yes, cool.

Speaker  520405:20
Okay, so we'll talk. So I'm curious as to what your pricing

Speaker  521237:19
is like. Well, do, yeah, we'll, we'll probably connect after slack or through email, for sure. Yeah, easy.

Speaker  522821:20
Okay, anybody else? Harrison, you want to know how to ship a couch when you put a couch in? I was actually

Speaker  524682:40
going to ask, yeah, sorry. I was just on a call before, but yeah, what's your experience with packaging? So we have a modular sofa company. I think we chatted before. But what would your approach be to packaging such large scale items and optimizing it in a container. Any any tips and tricks on that is

Speaker  529360:00
this for retail or for DDC? DTC? Yeah, DDC for patching that size. There's not that many brands that do printing on it, unless you're like selling TV like the only other company with that size is TVs. And we also recently did a dog bed called puffle. Yeah, so we did their packing for Costco. There's this probably like half the size of one of your sections in terms of sizing. So, yeah, we could do it. You can make it very colorful and whatnot. It's just not the cheapest thing to make, because for for a cow, you probably need to use the thickest fluid for corrugated boxes. But printing, printing simple structure is simple. I just never really seen a lot of couches make their their car in boxes pretty so it could be the first one.

Speaker  542938:40
Yeah, definitely. I mean, we just have, like, the standard, like, you know, cardboard right now, printed in black or white, and it's just like, it's just as cost effective as we can get it. But, yeah, let's

Speaker  545952:00
get a quote going on and compare. I think if it makes sense for your own branding perspective, that could make sense, yeah,

Speaker  547456:00
yeah. Because we definitely do get photos and videos of, like, people unboxing our couches. It's a big part of, like, our best performing UGC on ads. Yeah, yeah. Just maybe making that a little bit more prettier. Optimizing that in some sort of way, even just to make it fit better in a container.

Speaker  551029:20
I know, I know that mattress companies do a lot of colorful packaging, like purple, yeah, they sleep. They have their there's this gigantic and they still have good packaging. So it's not something that we can totally admit, omit. Let's talk for you.

Speaker  555354:40
Thanks. Man. Steve, got a question, buddy.

Speaker  556314:39
Yeah, thanks. So I'm curious what you're seeing trending in the tea and coffee space.

Speaker  558362:40
Tea and coffee for most parts, pretty standardized to just metal pins. We do a good part of that. Um. I'm where I'm from. Actually, we're one of the largest tea producers. So we do get in contact with teas a lot. No one has really changed that much about how we package tea. It's mostly metal tints in order to keep oxygen out, or it's going to be aluminum foil bags for the same reasons, because it's, you know, water resistant. It's, it's anti oxidation, tea wise, I haven't really seen anyone be too creative to be honest.

Speaker  567589:19
Yeah, that's why, that's why I'm asking you, but that's awesome. I appreciate your feedback and where, where are you based? I hopped on the call a few minutes late.

Speaker  569445:20
No worries. I'm based in New York, but my factor is in Shenzhen, so I go back a few times a year.

Speaker  570965:20
Okay, awesome. Thanks.

Speaker  572106:40
Anybody got any other questions?

Speaker  573866:40
We have a lot of Canadians that is crazy when people say about a boat. I had that for two years when I lived in Canada, and I just lost it.

Speaker  577232:00
All right, all right, going once, going twice. Otherwise, you get 20 minutes of your day back, which I'm third. Everybody at this time of the year would really appreciate

Speaker  579872:00
that's cute. Four, we have full house in q4 That's amazing. Yeah, exactly. Well, guys, thank you so much. Thank you for having me.

Speaker  582277:20
Harrison, stay on for a second for me. Yeah,

Speaker  582933:20
thanks, Jason. Appreciate it. Thank you so much, Jason Bye, bye.
