18. FC Chats_ Let's Talk Tariffs
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  64:00
We don't conflict with the services that your broker provides. Our area of focus and expertise is helping our clients reduce their landed costs through the elimination of duty and the recovery of prior paid duty, both in Canada and the US, as well as assisting with compliance issues. And compliance. Kind of a broader term tackles a variety of topics, and it will vary depending on the country, but those are the areas that that we typically engage with importers to assist them on and with some of the recent announcements, you know, kind of a carryover from the section 301 surtax that the Trump administration introduced back in 2018 they've added on to that, which is obviously going to impact importers into the US. They've made some changes to the section 321, program, which is, you know, the $800 de minimis, duty free program that CBP offers from a US standpoint, and then that's also leading into what will, by all appearances, become a little bit of a trade war between us and the world the way the things are heading. Trump made an announcement earlier today indicating that basically, he's going to implement reciprocal tariffs against any country that charges tariffs on US goods. So we're heading for some fun. You know, he made an announcement a couple of weeks back talking about surtaxes on Canadian goods and Mexican goods coming into the US got a bit of a reprieve on that until March the first so we're kind of in a holding pattern on that front. But bottom line, these are the areas that we try to assist importers with, to help them again, reduce their landed costs and make sure that their brand is protected at all times through compliance and some other services so high level, that's kind of who we are, what we do. Let me introduce the rest of the team. I've got Emil fiorantis. Emil is our president. Has been in the customs world for 30 years. Brings combination of real world importer experience as well as experience in the broker community, and most recently, the last 15 years with Dominion joining him, I've got Andrew Simkins. Andrew is our Vice President of Operations, and Andrew oversees our operations team, and that's the the technical group that that facilitates and delivers all of the services that we provide as a company. And last but not least, I've got Paul diamond. Paul is our manager of compliance. Paul reports into Andrew and likewise, Paul brings 30 plus years of experience, largely from the broker community, but working with all sorts of importers and companies, helping them to address a wide range of compliance services. So on the Canadian side, those of you that are Canadian based, or Canada based, rather, you'll be familiar with the term Carm, which is a new program that the CBSA has implemented in Canada. If you're importing goods into Canada, that's a program you're going to have to get familiar with because it's mandatory, and Paul has been very actively engaged on that front. But you've got a great opportunity to kind of, you know, throw a variety of questions at us, and to whatever degree we're able to assist you today, we will, and if there's some follow up activities afterwards, we'll, we're happy to tackle that as well, but that's a quick snapshot. Clay, how do you want to kick things off?

Speaker  61306:40
You know? I think, if you know, you guys have some questions that you you think are going to be the hot points, you know, I would dig out of those that are the go that other. We can just open it up to quiet there, and then we go there. What we'll find with the group is that somebody gets a question, starts bringing more topics. So and you guys, Kat beat off of that. So you would to me, would be like, where are we at right now, and where, you know, no, we can't predict the future, but where are we at, and where do do we kind of feel like we should be preparing for,

Speaker  72581:20
okay, not to put anybody on the spot. Andrew, do you want to maybe kick things off and just very, very high level talk about some of the recent announcements?

Speaker  75322:39
Sure so well to Clay's question, Where, where are we at? So from a Canadian perspective, you know, we're somewhat in a holding pattern to see where President Trump lands with respect to the tariff and whether they're actually because. Coming into effect come March 1. Obviously, there is additional tariffs that were issued recently on steel and aluminum, so we fully expect that there's going to be a retaliatory measure issued by the Canadian government on additional steel and aluminum as well, and that could again stray over into other products, because historically, you know, we went through this back in 2018 2019 where there was a bit of back and forth. It started with a steel and aluminum importations into the US, and at that time, Canada did a retaliatory measure on steel and aluminum, but also, more strategically, on other US consumer goods coming into into Canada. It seems this time around, Canada is prepared to start off with US consumer goods heavily into the agricultural sector. So you're getting into a lot of produce, agriculture, food products and that sort of product. But it ranges from there all the way up into textiles, hard goods, electronics, furniture, things of that nature. So right now, it's, we're somewhat, I would say, expecting that some sort of tariff is likely going to be coming back down beginning of March, and that Canada is certainly going to be forced to retaliate with reciprocal tariffs. We expect that on the US and aluminum side, and unfortunately for all parties involved, that means prices are going to go up. Landed costs are going to go up if you're a Canadian importer and bringing in US origin goods, effectively, whatever you're paying now is on importation is going to go up by 25% if it's one of the goods enumerated in The order E commerce is potentially going to be a big piece for those that sort of moved their supply chain, importing into Canada, first setting up an E commerce distribution system to sort of take advantage of de minimis, and then selling back into the Us, you know, from the to avoid the Chinese tariffs. Again, that's that's a big issue now, because now, obviously we're no longer, we're seeing that they're closing the door on that. So even costs for E commerce are going to go up by 10% or more. So you know, the short answer is, we fully expect costs are going to go up, and this is going to be an ongoing issue. It depends on how long and how painful it's going to get. I would say. Paul Emil, any other thoughts you want to add to that?

Speaker  126458:40
Yeah, I was just going to mention that the section 321, so the White House, they announced that they're going to do away with the section 321, that's the de minimis role into the state, so any individual shipments into the US under $800 did not require a formal customs entry. So that was one strict strategy for avoiding the Chinese tariffs into the US. And so they announced they're going to stop that for the Chinese origin goods. But somebody you know pointed out CBP does not have the resources to process the volume of Chinese shipments into the US. Their big, bigger concern is stopping all the bad things coming up from their southern border. So that's where they're dedicating their resources. So until they get those resources in place, the section 321, for all goods, even Chinese, will stay in place. I don't know what's going on there. We don't have our we're not there in Washington understanding what's going on. But until then, just watch for the announcements and take it from there. So that was pretty much it. I was also going to mention the current portal. Have a good relationship with your customs brokers, because the current portal will not be ready to automatically calculate these retaliatory surtaxes that will apply to the US goods coming into Canada. So you're going to rely on your customs broker to do those calculations manually and input them into the portal on all the declarations. So just a few couple insights, I just wanted

Speaker  152869:20
to add, there

Speaker  153557:20
no go ahead clay

Speaker  153973:20
to say Jennifer actually does something yesterday. And then I thought, on the news, Canadian news yesterday, it's like, what's the feeling the ground in Canada, too? Because, you know, Jennifer, you know, like stones, you stuff that's coming into Canada, like produce and things like, people kind of annoyed that side of it in Canada. I mean, that's just the regular. Consumer, the business owner, before everything happens. So what in the country right now?

Speaker  162640:00
I think that you know, the easiest reaction there is frustration, because you're coming off of years of inflation. Costs are already already up, particularly in food, but in in all commodities. And now we're, we're launching into a trade war where, you know, you could realistically see the cost of certain goods going up immediately 25% so very much frustration, a sense also, though, at the same time, I think Canadians are very much, you know, banding together, if you will. There's certainly a movement as far as Canadian products, supporting Canadian business, and looking for alternative sources, and banding together, if you will. But I think frustration is the biggest piece that very much tired of inflated prices and and not really seeing a light at the end of the tunnel, if you will. At this point.

Speaker  179568:00
Gotcha All right. I'll just a couple hands up.

Speaker  180800:00
Mike, yeah, Clay, sorry, you keep cutting in and out. So a little hard to hear. I think you called on me two, two questions. This is selfish, of course, because I want to know how this affects me and my business. So I import, I import a product from China. I'm in the United States, and part of the product are, you know, folding chairs that you would see at any soccer game or anything like that. Anybody's got brings to like a tailgate, so I get them in from China, and it also has a steel component to my product. So does that mean I'm going to get whacked with a 10% tariff from China and a 25% tariff on steel and aluminum? But we don't know yet. So

Speaker  192272:00
great question. The way that these tariffs are normally set up is they're associated with specific commodities at the tariff item level. So the goods that are going to be subject to aluminum and steel are not going to be the same tariff item and products where you would find your foiling chairs classified, okay, so it would not be one and the same. Generally this the steel and aluminum is going to be, you know, more raw or semi processed products that are going to be used in further production and manufacture. You generally wouldn't get hit with both as a general world. You know, furniture is going to be furniture. It's going to be subject to the Chinese tariff,

Speaker  204986:39
right? So the other,

Speaker  205834:40
the other question I have, and I'm not well versed in this at all, but I have an econ business, and I ship my product to Canadian customers through Shopify and also Amazon, one at a time, not like huge pallets or anything like that. How does this war between us? How does that affect me? As far as the tariffs, so does the Canadian customer pay another 25% on top of what they're what I'm charging them already? Or, since it's a one and done, that it doesn't fall under this

Speaker  214501:20
So again, another great question. So I think the easiest way that you can explain this scenario is basically, whatever you're doing today is going to continue with respect to goods. Unfortunately, though you're going to tag on another 25% if it's us origin goods. So if, if you use your, if you use your chair, example, if you're bringing in a chair, and it's being manufactured in China, it's, it's going to be of Chinese origin coming in. So unfortunately, you're going to get hit with the tariffs, additional tariffs coming into the US, which you're going to have to absorb and put that into your costing. But once you ship that to the to Canada, it's not going to be subject to the Canadian tariff on US goods, because if that's not of us origin, got it right. So. And Paul, you can provide your comments on it as well, but we're also looking at additional surtaxes and charges on Chinese goods as well.

Speaker  231893:20
But when you said something about $800 or less, if my product is under that threshold, is that tariff hit it or

Speaker  233717:20
no? So that was you're getting into de minimis. And the US has a de minimis threshold of $800 value for the goods us, dollars, and that's on importations into the US. So if you're situated in Canada, and you're shipping from Canada into the US, and most organizations have set up these programs now is they'll ship. It bulk into Canada. They'll use a distribution center in Canada, and then their e commerce is pulled from a Canadian warehouse, and they're shipping it down individually e commerce, so it's under the $800 threshold, and you do not have to do a formal entry, and you wouldn't be subject to the 321 tariffs, if you will, coming to Canada the opposite way. We don't have that same threshold. Ours is much lower. So depending on the value of the goods, you would likely still have to do, depending on how the size and whatnot, you could still be required to do a formal entry coming into Canada.

Speaker  250949:19
Paul, did you want to add to that?

Speaker  251706:40
No, well, yeah, just a few, a few notes. You'll have to understand what the de minimis applications are coming into Canada. One thing that came to mind is, if you're importing from China into the US, there's the option of using an FTZ free trade zone. So that would, that will mean just you import the goods in bond into the Free Trade Zone, and then from there you could export into Canada, and then you would not have to pay the surtax, Chinese surtax, into the US. So that's one strategy that you can use. However, if you do, if it comes out of the free trading zone, it goes into the commerce of the US, that at that point, that's when the surtax, or the tariffs for Chinese goods applies.

Speaker  264341:20
So it would have to move in bond through the US, you know, essentially,

Speaker  266741:20
cool, all right, Jen, I think you are now.

Speaker  267866:40
Hey, first of all, thank you guys so much for having this call. It's such a crazy time. I'm in Toronto. I have a tea company, avid Georgia. Value is around $90 we ship mostly across Canada, but we do have a growing population of us tea drinkers that are loving us. Most of those orders are now going by Canada Post. We're not doing formal entries for them. We send them by essentially the mail system, but we do also use FedEx. I'm wondering if you're hearing from companies in the manufacturing side of things, if they're thinking about passing on the full tariff to their customers, or if there's a way that we can pay it on their behalf. Are you anticipating that companies like FedEx or UPS may give you an option where we we ship it over with the duty paid on our side.

Speaker  279717:20
So did you want to tackle that one? Paul, you want me to

Speaker  280949:20
go ahead and I'll add on. Okay,

Speaker  281605:20
so that's all going to depend on how you want to structure your organization and your supply chain. So you have one or two ways. Either you can absorb that cost and then you're selling it at your whatever. You know your selling price is going to be incorporating that, or it's going to be a cost plus method, and you can do somewhat hybrids of that as well. So it's not that you have to do one or the other. It really is going to come down to your choice, if you will, but it's it's going to be an additional cost. I think the question is going to be, do you want to sort of show it as a separate cost, basically at checkout, if you will, or on receiving or do you want it to be one declared cost, right?

Speaker  293813:20
Okay, that makes sense. In the event we don't pay that duty, would the customer experience be that they receive the product and then they get a bill from the US government in the mail at some point in the future? Or do we know yet?

Speaker  297413:20
So generally, if, if you're asking in relation to the additional care taxes, it's going to be that's going to be assigned at the same time normal taxes are at the border. So it's going to be all part of that same entry. It's basically going to be one line that's paying the normal taxes that would be applicable, if there are any, if you will, and there's sort of going to be a second line that's attributable to the section 321, tariffs in addition to it. So it's however you're doing it. Now you're going to be doing it the same way. It's just going to be an increased amount, if you will. So if your client is the one that's paying it on receipt of the goods or taking over that piece of it, then they're going to get hit with it all at once, all together, if you will.

Speaker  310677:20
If I'm not mistaken, Andreas want to hop in here. What I've heard as well is, if it's delivered to the customer, they might just get a slip at the door that says, hey, you have to pay this customs bill in order to pick up your product. Is that the sentiment is that what potentially could happen if section 321, is basically deleted,

Speaker  315754:40
yes.

Speaker  316506:40
So again, it's going to depend on how you're you've set up that supply chain, right? Yeah. Like, if it's, yeah, that's how they're getting their their declarations now and and the notices. It's going to be included within that notice. It's not going to be new, because it's going to be calculated at the time of the entries made. It's not it's not a secondary step, if you will. It's all within your declaration and getting the goods released and declared with CBP.

Speaker  325360:00
That makes sense. Just to add on to that, if you're shipping now individual fulfilling, individual e commerce shipments into the US of your product, and by some chance those section 321, de minimis rule goes away for China and everything. All duties apply. You may want to consider sending your shipments in bulk to a distribution center in the US, and from there, you can pay those duties into your distribution center and distribute the goods from you know, say, Buffalo all over the US. So there's a couple different strategies you can employ if you don't want to pass those duties on to your end customer.

Speaker  336074:40
Okay, that's excellent information. That's a great strategy as a customer focused organization. The last thing I want is for a client to receive their tea and receive a bill at the same time,

Speaker  338640:00
and then Jennifer as well. I just dropped a link in the chat, but essentially it hooks up with Shopify. There's an app, and I just installed this on my website, but it can calculate the duties for you and show that to the customer, or you can bake it into your cost of goods. It's up to you, but that can be an option at checkout the same way, like shipping is a line item, it can show the prepaid duties so it's more transparent for your customers.

Speaker  344805:20
Okay, that's interesting. Thank you. Cool.

Speaker  346085:20
Monique, you're up. You you're muted.

Speaker  349066:40
Still muted,

Speaker  350698:39
you're muted. Monique, you

Speaker  353008:00
so sorry

Speaker  353760:00
saying that I was muted until I saw it again. But thank you. I was just giving a little bit of background as to my situation. So I am an activewear brand here in Canada, and we produce in China. So the past week or so, we've actually been impacted by the Chinese tariffs. And when the de minimis rule was taken away last week for the 48 hours, we had a situation where we were collecting duties at checkout. But because there's additional duties, not just the tariff, our customer was seeing an extra 45% on top of the cost of our or, sorry, I should say, the price of our goods. So for a Canadian company producing in China, it really feels like our only option right now is to get a warehouse in the US and ship out from there. 75% of our customers are in the US, so just kind of giving up on the US customer base is not exactly an option for us. But curious, if you guys have any other suggestions in terms of, you know, other options beyond just getting a warehouse in the US? Obviously, we're still going to have to pay the duty in tariff between China and the US, but we're going to be paying it on the cost of the goods, rather than the price, which is quite material in our situation.

Speaker  380618:40
So are you sorry? Are you shipping direct from manufacturer, so from from China, direct to the consumer, or you bring it into

Speaker  383370:40
bringing it into Canada. So we have a three PL in Canada. So we purchased the goods from China, China ships to Canada, and then we have a three PL that ships out from Canada to the US. Okay.

Speaker  388128:00
So, yeah, you know,

Speaker  388864:00
the method that you're doing right now is the most cost effective when de minimis is applicable, right? And that's, again, what most entities have set up since the surtaxes came into effect, and as a way of mitigating costs. Unfortunately, we know that they're trying to potentially shut that door. Now, whether that occurs March 1 or not, we don't know, but for the time being, that is still the most cost effective if you're looking to change the the sourcing certainly you can sort. Of in that case, bury those costs by working from a distribution center in the US. So yes, you're paying those up front on the bulk shipments coming in. The only thing to consider is going to be for the 25% then if you're selling to that, the other 25% is Canadian. Is is is the mechanism to recoup the the section 321, when you're shipping from the US now into Canada, and whether that's going to be an opportunity or not, right now, they're, they're talking of closing that door as well as making duty drawback not available. And even with it being available, that can be a very time consuming and onerous process of getting signed up for a US duty drawback and being accepted to the program and managing that piece as well. So from that perspective, you know you're going to have to sort of make the business decision as to how do you want to present that to the clients is whether it's going to be additional fees that are sort of tacked on that's or you incorporate that into your your cost. And I see Emil's looking to jump in here and provide some feedback as well.

Speaker  420384:00
I'm just, I'm just turning it out. Andrew and Paul, you guys, you know, jump in if I'm going down a rabbit hole here. But wouldn't an option be for her, if, if you're looking to move and set up an operation in land, and it becomes essentially a B to B transaction, instead of a B to C, where, you know, Monique's the imported record into the US. Could she not take advantage of first sale rule in the US with the factory price from China and use that as a value for duty to help mitigate some of the costs

Speaker  431706:40
potentially on this? You know you're, I believe you're going to be utilizing first value on that, on that sale anyways, because you're, if you're purchasing directly from the factory

Speaker  434976:00
and importing it

Speaker  435631:59
to warehouse, that is going to be your cost, right? But, yeah, if you have other intermediate intermediaries, first sale valuation strategy coming into the US could be another avenue. And again, there's strict rules around that that we would certainly be looking to make sure that you connect with a professional to help set that up and get you organized on that. But it is another way of potentially looking at this, depending on circumstances.

Speaker  442469:20
Sorry, so just I make sure I understand that correctly, because right now we pay a duty, obviously when we import from China to Canada, but then what's happening is now, because the country of origin is China, our consumer unless, like we've discussed, we take on that cost and get it built back to us, gets slammed with 45% so that's where we get stuck with price is when it's because we're DTC. So are you suggesting that I sell to myself, my Monique Canada sells to Monique us, and then I can import my goods from Canada to the US, and then I can sell within the US.

Speaker  453680:00
Yeah, there's, there's a basically, there's a rule in the States. It's called first sale for importers, large companies take advantage of this, where, if they've got manufacturing or if they have a vendor overseas that they're purchasing from, and that vendor buys from a third party. So there's a lot of try trade in the Pacific Rim where a large retailer will enter into an agreement with a company overseas, but that company doesn't do the manufacturing. They buy it from somebody else, and so the manufacturer charges a price to the vendor. So that vendor marks it up, charges a price to the US importer, and then the US importer declares the value of those goods as a profit, markup price, and they pay the duties and taxes based on that price. Now first sale says, if you can demonstrate to Customs Border Protection that the price of those goods is the factory price, if you can prove that you know original price that doesn't have profit built in and all the additional costs, then you can use that value to declare the value of your goods entering into the US for the purposes of duties and taxes. It doesn't eliminate the tariff, but it significantly reduces the impact, because you're not essentially paying the tariff on the profit of the various parties in that shame. Understand? Well, sorry, Siri, I wasn't talking to you know, she just wants to jump in and get her but so, yeah, it's basically the first sale rule. A lot of large corporations take advantage of it. Some companies get about 10, 15% penetration of their of their vendor base on the first sale program. Some in the soft goods get it as high as 3540 45 so ultimately, we're seeing a lot of the larger retailers adding additional resources in their first sale program to help mitigate potential impacts of these tariffs. So it could be another, another layer to your strategy, if you're going to look that way, because essentially, you become the importer of record into the US, and then it's just a domestic sale within the US and a domestic trans, basically transaction.

Speaker  495706:40
I think the other correct me, that is going to be Monique is,

Speaker  497152:00
you know, if you're operating through Canada, make sure that one you're recouping the cost coming into Canada when you're exporting, right? So that's, you know, you're not losing out. Because essentially, if you're bringing it into Canada for sale to export, you're able to recoup the duties you've paid on import, right? So where we're talking here is now on import into the US. How do we minimize the costs on Chinese goods coming in? And as I said, the best opportunity right now is still de minimis. Unfortunately, we just don't know where it's going to go. The next best option, to be quite honest, to avoid potential challenges in the future as well, is continuing to re evaluate your supply chain. There's a lot of countries that are now very much competing with China, particularly in textiles, as far as producing quality garments and and being able to provide them in a consistent manner at, I would say, reduced tariffs, because a lot of them are subject to preferential tariff treatments, where China's somewhat lost that benefit. So revisiting that and and again, depending on the product line and and where you're at. But yeah, you're going to have to weigh the cost if you're going to bring it straight into us directly, rather than coming into the Canada first. You're obviously going to be paying the surtaxes. You're not avoiding it, but you might be still paying that now, even on your Canadian goods, because you may not be able to recoup those when you re

Speaker  524730:40
export them. Got it to just my Canadian customers correct import into the US. Do I need to be incorporated there?

Speaker  527562:40
No, I don't believe you need to be incorporated, but you're certainly going to be setting up your business entity, and that's that's an area I'm not an expert in. Sort of, where I come in is more More times than not, I'm the one that's representing and arguing with customs as to, how do I get duty back? So as far as setting up the organization, that's not my strong suit.

Speaker  534965:19
Thank you, Alberto, you're up.

Speaker  535669:20
Hey guys, thanks a lot for all the information. It was super, super useful in my situation. I manufacture smart indoor gardens, essentially a way to grow your own food at home. My factory is out of Montreal, so I do all the injection molding in Montreal. I do all of the assembly in a different city here in Quebec. So far, it's amazing Canada product. So I'm going to get hit with a tears no matter what. 80% of my clientele is in the US market right now, within the North American market. So obviously I'm going to get hit pretty hard with this. And margins are not crazy amazing when you manufacture still in Canada. So we're also in the transition right now of opening a second manufacturing facility in Shenzhen on July, but the debate that we're having among the board is the possibility of manufacturing in Cambodia, because Cambodia and Canada has a free trade agreement. So in the event that we do choose Cambodia as our injection molding facility, or even just to make the end product and then importing into Canada tax free, right? Since it's due to free trade agreement, what happens in the event that I then bring the product from Canada into the US? Which additional tariffs or duties Am I responsible for in this case.

Speaker  555402:40
So a great question, and right now, the way things are structured, or have been structured to be implemented, is it comes down to determining the origin of the goods. So having a product simply imported into Canada isn't changing the the actual origin. Of the good it's still going to be, you know, either Cambodian or Chinese or, you know, wherever you decide you're going to set up your manufacturing entity, unless you're doing further processing here in Canada, which would substantially transform that product. But if all you're doing is importing the the final product into Canada and then shipping it back out. Then it would just be the normal transaction, if you will, going into the US. So whatever duties and taxes which would normally be subject would be subject going in.

Speaker  569205:20
And in the event that I was to import the injection molding components from Cambodia and assembled in Canada, and the assembly would fall within 49% of the cost. It's still going to be considered Cambodian, right?

Speaker  572442:40
So, okay, now you're getting into a gray area. So we would have to really do an analysis of what are those assemblies, and is there a transfer? You know, how significant is that transformation from your components to a finalized product. So you know, if I bring in a desk, if you will, and it's simply just unassembled, but I have all the pieces put together. Customs is looking at that. It's still a desk. It's just unassembled.

Speaker  580048:00
Let me give it to you as an example. So it's an electronic consumer, electronic product, right? So it's like bringing your own phone, right? You get the PCB board, you go to camera lenses, you go to things you need to solder together, literally all of that complexity so which not any normal person can assemble. Therefore, in that event where there's it is complex, would that then be categorized as a product of Canada and just be subject to the Canadian tariff?

Speaker  586581:20
From a general response to that, I would say yes, because you're transforming a lot of named goods, if you will, into a completely new article, and that's generally going to confer origin,

Speaker  590026:40
regardless if it's under 51% of the cost of the of the good, correct? Okay, perfect. Thank you. And second question is the HS code. So Canada has also free trade with any country that imports farming equipment. And my thing is not necessarily a farming equipment, but, you know, there's gray zones, like demonstrating that's for agriculture. If I am able to appeal an argument and change my HS code to farming equipment, does that mean that I can also import to the US without those taxes or tariffs.

Speaker  597973:20
So

Speaker  598981:20
let's go back to the first one. So one, let's just say everything we're saying here is based on the information that's provided. So, you know, we can't give you any certainty on, you know, opinions and whatnot, because we don't have all of the facts or whatever in front of us. To your question, every country is going to have their own autonomy to make their own determinations on tariff classification, origin, valuation. So just because Canada classifies a product one way doesn't guarantee that the US is going to classify it that way as well. We are operating from a harmonized system, and it's supposed to be somewhat consistent from country to country to country. But again, the system is designed on interpreting the legislation and and rules governing classification, and from time to time, countries will come to disagreement on how certain products will be classified. So you know, for classification matters, you're you're, we would always recommend getting a tariff classification ruling on the country that you're importing into. So one, if you're importing a finished product into Canada, and you're able to get that classified as agriculture, that's great prior to then moving on to the US, we would certainly recommend getting a US tariff classification rulings. You can make reference to the Canadian one just as, again, a proof of concept, if you will, with CBP. But yeah, one does not automatically get you to benefit into the another country

Speaker  624400:00
that makes sense. Okay, perfect. Well, thank you so much for the advice. No problem.

Speaker  625984:00
Cool. All right, Mark, you're buddy, awesome.

Speaker  627552:00
This is maybe somewhat in a slightly different light of looking at things, but I mean, I somewhat work in the financial services industry, and there is some products out there that people can utilize as well, too, to mitigate some of the risks. I mean, especially, you know, if you look at the week we saw the terror potentially be implemented, the Kat, the US dollar, even shifted 5% so literally, within the course of three day period, there was a 5% movement right off the bat. So that's something I'm not sure if people are, once more, keeping a lookout for as well. But there's solutions around that, through forward contracts, hedging contracts, essentially hedging solutions with banks. So I highly recommend, if anyone isn't looking into that yet, that's something that else that they could use to minimize risk. You can also typically get insurance products like trade credit insurance. Difference as well, too. Depending on where things go, you'll find a variety of brokerages that can provide something that can help, once more, de risk businesses in that sense. So just kind of throwing that out there. I'm not sure if anyone's looking into any of that yet, but it's just another viewpoint on things outside of the immediate percentage change from tariffs, just the possibility that exchange rates could move dramatically as well too. I mean, once more, we saw that retreat of 5% with the Kat us. Then as soon as that died down a little bit, it kind of dropped back again, but that's still a very real risk on top of tariffs. I mean, you could see wild fluctuation, maybe five or 10% if we do see actual real trade war, for instance, getting initiated in that sense. So just throwing that out there, in case anyone hasn't thought about or looked into that yet, it's

Speaker  656170:40
definitely worth that's

Speaker  657376:00
an excellent point. The export diversity they offer, yeah, they offer all those factoring and hedging and all those services. So that's something they do. It's almost considered a subsidy by other countries at the rate that the EDC does it for so,

Speaker  662453:20
yeah, I mean, the only slight, maybe issue, maybe see if they do have a minimum threshold. I think you have to be doing 10 million worth of exports to qualify for their products. In particular, but generally, you can find brokerages that have like portfolio deals with them where you can take advantage of their solutions at a much lower threshold as well, too. If anyone's interested in looking into that, let me know as well, too. I can connect.

Speaker  669338:40
Cool. All right, Victoria, you're next.

Speaker  670522:40
Hey everyone. I'm sorry I had to hop on a few minutes late. So I hope this wasn't already answered, but I apologize if it was to give some background, my company has been manufacturing custom socks in Shenzhen for about 12 years. We're strictly B to B, so we ship directly to our clients. The factory built us at the end of each month, and those duties and anything else is baked into those costs. Of course, Friday was a roller coaster, having our factory in China reach out and say that they heard there was retaliation efforts against the US and that we might actually be charged 40 to 50% of our goods value. It created a lot of confusion for us. And then, of course, the tariff was temporary lifted. So they said that other Chinese retaliation was also lifted. But my question is, are the tariffs the same on services as they are on hard goods, technically, and this could be a gray area. I was wondering if there are any serious implications on considering how our work is then built, because there is a way to look at our custom stocks to say 50% of that is technically a service of designing the socks, and 50% is actually the value of goods and materials. Okay?

Speaker  688816:00
Did you want to talk about some Paul or you want me

Speaker  689568:00
to okay, sure, this sounds like a customs valuation issue. And have you heard the term assist? So if you're providing a service, or even machinery or anything to to the exporter of or the manufacturer, foreign manufacturer, of your goods that assist needs to be incorporated into the value declared when it's imported into the final country. So that's, that's it. That's that won't go away. It's the tariffs are going to apply to the goods. So it's the services that you need to incorporate into your final sale price, into that market, that's that's the issue that you need to address.

Speaker  701114:40
Okay, and that's something that I would address with my factory and my board,

Speaker  703706:40
your customs broker into the into the if the goods are going to the US, I would, I would reach out to a US Customs broker or US Customs consultant, and they can do those calculations for you. They can determine what is an assist and how you can apply to value of the goods declared a time of venturing into the US.

Speaker  709589:20
Okay, great. Thank you so much. I really appreciate the assistant.

Speaker  710501:20
You're welcome. Alright, we got about we got a few minutes left. Anybody else have any additional

Speaker  712725:20
questions they want to go over? I have another president. I'm not going to say his name. I only use it when I play Euchre. The White House announced that these will be delayed. They have an investigation, and April 1, that report will be due to to the White House, so you can expect a temporary reprieve again, until April 1, and then they're going to. Play in April fools and everybody and announce whatever they're going to do. I suspect that the White House did listen to saner minds and the economics people explaining how that this would drive the US into a complete recession the way it did in 1920s somewhat to the smooth Holly So be flexible. Hold on and watch for the announcements. We can expect that Canada will do nothing until that announcement is made. So yeah,

Speaker  729221:20
that's instead of holding our breath for 30 days, we now hold it for 60

Speaker  730837:20
Yeah, and April 1 will be, likely be in the middle of an election, the federal election,

Speaker  732474:40
right, right? That's true,

Speaker  732954:40
and four hours until the next news cycle. So take your pick.

Speaker  734122:40
A quick question, Paul, I think you were answering this, and I think not understand. I think this is similar to what Victoria was asking. So let's just say this, if I'm importing again, my product, let's just say it's 30 bucks. You know, from from, it's costing me $30 from, from my manufacturer, and that's what I'm getting. That's what I'm getting the tariff on. What if they lowered my price to say $20 and I pay them the difference and say, like labor costs on that side. So finagle the price, the cost of goods from 30 down to 20. So instead of getting tariffed on 30, I'm getting tariffed on 20. China's still getting every dollar they they're expecting. Is that a way to get around this or no?

Speaker  747514:40
Well, the short answer is no. Okay, the you know, you might find a short term relief until the audit time comes around, and then that's where they're going to discover that. And basically, valuation is set up in such a matter that anything that goes into or contributes to the production of that good and delivering it to the place where it's going to be shipped to, you know, Canada, US is to be declared as the value of those goods. And that's just a rough summary, if you will. So if you think about it, your your $30 product, and you sit there and say, You know what? What? If I give you the dye, I'll buy the dye and give it to you to make it, make the product that's worth $10 and then you only charge me 20 to Paul's earlier comment that you providing them the dye. That's an assist. That's something that's still going into the value of producing those goods, and the expectation is that's going to be included in the Declared Value.

Speaker  765754:40
I was going to add another consider this. You're a CBS CBP officer, and I'm watching all your goods come into the country and you're selling it for 20, $30 a unit. Next thing you know, I see it comes in $20 okay, they may not send you a questionnaire. Hey, what happened? Did your costs reduce significantly? What's the deal here? And it wouldn't be a coincidence that the duties went up and you're dropping it down to $20 so this is, you know, they see this, and you know they're, they're, they're suspicious by nature. So that's when they'll come in and they'll do a full blown valuation on it. And I've seen it happen here in Canada. Certain companies would hide those costs and say administrative costs. So they're going to look at your ledger, and if you can't account for every every dime of those administrative costs, they're going to apply duty to those costs. So just something to consider as being above board is always our recommendation, but just take that into consideration.

Speaker  783722:40
But Paul, if the if the factory produces it at 25 and five is, is profit that they bake in, that they charge Sylvia, then could he not under first sale, declare it at 25

Speaker  788112:00
that's a strategy, and that's legitimate, yeah,

Speaker  788672:00
again, depending if you're dealing with an intermediary, right, first, going back to the first sale of those goods, so even that sale is still going to have profit in it, right? So it comes down to how many people are touching the product before it lands in the US from that perspective.

Speaker  793141:20
So first step is to get clarity from your manufacturer, to see if they're actually the factory or just the middleman, because you might just be dealing with

Speaker  795258:40
the middleman, correct? And then the only thing I would add is, Victoria, for your question is, you know, I don't know what the services are related you know that are going along with the product, but to Paul's earlier comments, if, if the services aren't in relation directly to the product. From, you know, you're buying that product and producing it and delivering it, that I would certainly be saying you should be working with a professional to determine, you know, whether they would be dutyable or not, or whether they're just additional because generally services themselves. So if I subscribe to, you know, iTunes, or, you know, whatever music I'm not paying for that to come across, right? The services themselves generally aren't included. It comes down to, though, is potentially depending on what those services are and how their tournament termed, whether they would still be in relation to those goods coming across, if you will.

Speaker  811210:40
Yeah, that makes sense. I totally

Speaker  812682:40
understand any last question. We have time for one more.

Speaker  813946:40
Just a quick question on this April 1 situation, is this on only reciprocal tariffs or also on, like the Chinese tariffs that I was talking about,

Speaker  817200:00
I suspect that it's going to be on everything.

Speaker  817776:00
Okay, okay, that's good news.

Speaker  818992:00
I would, I would keep, you know, take a look at the the President's fact sheets and the executive orders to confirm that, if you will. I think right now it's just coming out in the news cycle.

Speaker  823285:20
There's a pattern here. He keeps threatening, gets to the 11th Hour, and then he pulls back, yeah,

Speaker  825637:20
Paul, yeah. Just a quick question. I know we've been listening the whole time. Is there a chance none of this will happen whatsoever?

Speaker  828282:40
100% like I said, he beats his chest and then he pulls back, so hopefully he'll pull back.

Speaker  830458:40
If you look at what transpired four years ago when he implemented the steel and aluminum from Canada into the US Canada took their time on their studies. So what their studies revealed is, okay, we're going to go after all the red states, when I mean red states, the GOP states, all these people that support the president and the states that are, you know, like 5050, they're going to go after those products from those states, such as orange juice out of Florida, Bourbon out of Kentucky. All that's so it's a targeted approach on retaliatory tariffs. So as soon as that came in, the US tariffs, four weeks later, they went out the window. It was nice and quiet because Trump didn't want to lose lose face on that, right? It's like, okay, you know, I negotiated the best trade deal. So it's, it's, it's negotiation, but again, it's unpredictable.

Speaker  845114:40
And you're also, you're also seeing where countries talking about, not so much retaliatory tariffs, but just restricting the entry of US goods into those countries. The EU is talking about it. There's other countries that are talking about it. So retaliatory tariffs is one measure not permitting us made merchandise into certain economic regions. Is another, totally different approach, and eventually that's going to have to be taken notice by the by this administration. Alright.

Speaker  855621:19
Well, let's, let's enter there. I appreciate you guys. This was, you know, this is beyond my realm, all of it, but you know, I, I'm, we learned a lot. I think, you know, we got a lot of good, good information on what to plan for. And, yeah, this is a like, I said, like. You said, yeah, if you want to

Speaker  861066:39
do a follow up for your group, if that's of any value, you know, we we're open to it. You guys talk amongst yourselves. If there's specific questions, you can send us an email, or, you know, you could check our website. We put a bunch of blogs up on the stuff, so feel free to go to that. But we're happy to do this on a regular cadence. If you think there's value in it for you guys, I

Speaker  868384:00
feel like April 2, I'm going to be knocking on your door well,

Speaker  869909:20
but yeah, we should probably plan, plan for one April 2, right? Exactly.

Speaker  871253:20
No, I agree. I think, you know, we did this one to get ahead of it a little bit. But as we really figure out what's going on, and you know, we'll get some more strategies. Let's, let's do this again. Yeah, absolutely awesome. Well, thanks guys, and thanks everybody for joining today, I will put this up, the video up as well so you can go back, because there was a lot of deep information on this one. So you know, appreciate it.

Speaker  877450:40
Thanks everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
