Iyatho Russell_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey. So another Tiktok presentation. Luckily, I got to sit through the last couple and I don't think I overlapped too much on what the other great speeches were on. So a little bit about me. I've been in the skincare niche on Amazon since about 2013 started manufacturing skincare around that time also and live in Colorado. I also do a lot of self storage, real estate, and also turning up an RV park built from scratch here in the fall. So doing that, plenty of things going on, but we're not here to talk about that. So we're going to go through my little tick tock journey. I guess I should get on the other side so you guys can see these slides. So started Tiktok back in 2023 seems like forever ago, me and one of my guys were kind of goofing around with Tiktok. Set up Tiktok shop over a couple of weeks when it was just being launched. I think that was October ish, 2023, and basically, all of a sudden we, we get, we go up to about 1000 units a day selling a product, one product. And things are, things are great, basically. So this was kind of us in the early adopter stage, lots of fun things like unknown rules. I wasn't looking to read the rule book anyway, but there's a lot of rules that you didn't know about. The ones that were there. You didn't know when, when and how they were going to be enforced. But this was a fun time in the early adopter stage, it feels kind of like aI now, everybody likes to sit down and do some cool fun, maybe not so productive, AI work, but it's a lot of fun and you do a lot of cool stuff. This stage is also important to for the kind of the early adopter stuff, to pay attention to where you're putting your time and energy, so that you don't just spend days and days on a new, unproven platform that may or may not actually work out so kind of making sure that that your time that you're putting in there is goes to good use in that early adopter stage, we kind of learned, learned a lot about the new platform on what basically the Tiktok was not enforcing rules, then they would enforce rules, and you'd kind of be all over the place trying to figure out what what was actually going on. One of the things to be prepared if you're getting ready to get onto Tiktok is that you're getting on Tiktok to go viral, and you need to make sure, in the beginning, before you potentially go viral, that your systems can support the virality. Luckily for us, back in 2023 we we fulfill our products in house, and so we had the ability to ramp up really quick and great supply chain so that we could actually overnight products to our our facility and ship them up, ship them out the next day. But you kind of need to be careful, because you can run a stock super quick one video blows up and and it sucks to miss a ton of sales. So anyway, we are learning that. So life is, life is good. This is we also learn so well, the one on the right might be AI, but, but the the one on the right is, is uh, is Instagram. And we learned that Instagram is way different than Tiktok and this, this was actually one of our first videos that blew up on on Tiktok. This thing got, I think, maybe one to 5 million views and this, but this was a couple years ago, very raw, very real, not, not anything like Instagram. No, this was an oil that everybody was rubbing on their on all over their body, to, to, well, yeah, potentially, I don't know what what this was. I. I don't know if, if it was for weight loss, I think it was more detox. This is Jamaican black castor oil, and people were rubbing it on whatever to lose weight, to do whatever, to cure cancer and so. So, no, no, we did not say cancer, but there was a video that went viral, very similar to this, that we've learned eventually got taken down. She was basically saying that the product cured cancer, and that is, is not allowed. It'll get it'll get banned, but it won't get banned back then it was, it stayed up for probably six months, and so we would just let it run right but after a while, it got flagged, and the videos, the videos start coming down. So we're, you know, up at 1000 units a day. And things you know, over the next six, eight months start slowing down. Creator accounts are also getting shut down. They're these creators at the time, though, this is kind of like first money that they've seen promoting videos on Tiktok, all the affiliate money. So they're excited. They're creating new accounts. They're getting videos put back up. So they're working hard, but it's kind of like new territory for everyone. So we're everybody's kind of feeling things out, and our at this time, sales start going down a little bit. And it definitely turns out that you can't say the product cures cancer that is against against terms. And if you, if the video didn't get flagged on its own in the beginning, it'll definitely get flagged when you turn ads on. So as our sales started to go down, we were looking for things to do. We hadn't been running any ads, and we're like, well, let's turn on turn on ads. Well, the ads start sponsoring these videos, and now the videos get instantly flagged. So we're spending money to have videos basically taken down, losing more money. Videos are just disappearing. Everything's basically falling apart, right? And so we are kind of done for the day, basically. So it was probably a year in little over a year, probably, but pretty frustrated. We just keep losing money to sponsor, sponsor videos, to get them taken down, and the ads are losing money. We're the creators are going their their accounts are getting shut down, or videos are getting shut down. So we're ready to go home, but kind of the last minute we've we go to the Tick Tock round table, the MDS roundtable in New York, and mastermind, the mastermind. Sorry, it was, well, it was roundtable mastermind. Wasn't it round? It was definitely round. So, okay, it was the mastermind at a round table in New York. But a lot of a lot of inspiration. There was about 10 of us there, but everybody was doing something, and kind of got a consensus that there was still things working right. We just didn't really know. We kind of got lucky in the beginning. So we regroup, we come up with kind of a plan, and we hire basically a group to help us out. They dive in, and it was a mess. Basically, kind of just shut everything off, started everything from scratch. Accounts were connected, right? Accounts were banned. It was, it was bad, so we let the agency take over and kind of come up with a new plan. And this was course, year and a half after the start, and so now there's actually more rules in place. Things are a little bit more predictable. One of the big things we set up in the beginning that we didn't have this first girl we saw on screen, Tanya, was a great influencer. She was posting every day millions of videos, and we're like, dude, reply to a post on your your that one, that first video, so we can get that momentum going again. It was working for everyone. We just couldn't even get a hold of her to reply to her initial video to like, you know, reboost that, basically. So as we get started again, we set up a WhatsApp group so we can reach out to creators. Basically daily, set up an employee with That's her job is to check in with creators. If somebody's creating a video, they get feedback, you know, same day, basically also just sending out random per. Using positive energy to keep those creators going.

Speaker  161744:00
Also keep an eye out for the latest viral videos, anything to pass on to the team. Like, hey, look at this copy. It make something better. We also started paying for for videos themselves, and not just commissions. And this was a little bit of a game changer. There it was. We were kind of hesitant to do go this route, but Mary Ruth was, was kind of inspiration there, of like, it's, it's working, you know, figure out the metric of paying them per view versus just the commission we were able to get, actually get some definitely higher quality. By doing that, we started ramping up. This, the seed sampling, sample seeding, throwing out more samples, Kat, and not just a huge chunk at once, but trying to slowly build that volume up so we can increase, you know, after, say, 90 days, we went from one to no X amount of videos and not just up in one day and Write it across. So a nice, a nice growth pattern. There we went to revise the all the storefront images, kind of we started with just Amazon only images. So make those nice and tall, add in lots of catchy splashes, all the stuff that's not usually allowed on Amazon, we started building higher price bundles. So one of the tough things people are talking about pricing earlier and selling a $10 product versus a 20 or $50 and it's tough. People are looking for a $10 product, right? Everybody wants something on sale, but the commissions suck at $10 they get like, $1 off of that. And they don't care to do a whole lot of work to sell a $10 product, but they'll do a decent amount if they can sell a $50 product and get commission off of that. And so our products didn't really, don't really fit the $50 you know, $25 product price point very well, but we started bundling those together and so we could get the prices up there. And also, you know, maybe we'll throw four products together and say one of them is for free or free shipping, and kind of increase the perceived value so that the customer thinks they're getting a deal. At this point, though, we start seeing a lot less spillover on Amazon. I think I forgot to mention earlier, that 1000 units a day back as we got started, was about 25% spillover, and that was super measurable, like kind of a clean slate today, I'm sure there's still, there may be some 25% pieces there, but it's, it's, there's a lot more noise to go with it. So I guess it's harder to harder to measure that. So some things we started digging into. One of the things, all the banned keywords. That was the first thing our agency is like, here's the 32 pages of all the banned words. Get familiar with them. Get your team familiar with them. Know what you can and can't say. Cannot say it cures cancer. We started digging into our conversion stats way more. Think it was Alex showing the difference of the the two to two and six second time frames, and in your fall off on that did not make it into my slide. But getting getting better, editing the videos Parker's videos that he posted is Parker at the event he was coming, but then he had to can Okay his videos in the MDS group, I think were great for explaining that getting your hook in in the beginning and keeping them around. Great, great video editing hacks, keeping things going up into the right and so this was kind of our growth pattern, making the the pattern look natural, instead of, you know, same with Amazon, right? We don't just plop down 500 reviews from day one, we slowly get them going up to the right, and within 90 days, we got a nice, you know, some nice growth, but make that look like natural growth. Another one was giving our creators the scripts I. Um, to work with, so doing a lot of the work for them so that we couldn't complain about, Hey, your your videos suck. It was our fault if we weren't giving them a good script to work with. The How to go into, into these the conversion stats for your videos is basically just going and opening the Tiktok account on your phone, drilling into the videos, looking at, I think it's called, yeah, analytics, looking at your average views over time and your completion rates, and scrolling through where your audience is falling off of there. We this is where we kind of worked on these bundles. One of the things that we really learned from Tiktok is where, where these people are in their buying journey. And like somebody said earlier, they're not here to they're not on Tiktok to buy something, but they're fine with discovering things. And I think when they learn something, they're getting the dopamine hits from from buying things if they if they go that far. But one of the great things is you can teach them, show them, tell them about a problem that they don't even know they have. So I forget who I was talking to last night mentioned this great product of selling a like a car seat that fixes your posture or something, and it's possibly the reason that you have a sore back. Until explaining this to the customer in a video, they know they have a sore back, but that's all right, and they might have tried all kinds of things to fix it, but being able to show them the reason that their back is sore by because they're sitting down wrong. The you get to explain this. Let the customer go through this journey of figuring out the problem, and now they can. Now they're problem aware, and they can, you can present a solution to that problem to them, and then when they are solution aware, they might buy from what you're recommending on Tiktok. But kind of, all of our sales on Amazon are all solution aware, or product aware problems that they're they're going right to by the by the fix to that. So something to definitely different on Tiktok, to think about where your customers at in that in that journey, standing out from the competition. So don't be a pioneer. Pioneers usually the guy halfway up the mountain with arrows in his back because everybody's coming after him. Don't be the pioneer, but be the guy shooting arrows. Go into fast moss. Look at your top competitors. See what they're selling. Dig into their top videos and start looking for for patterns. And also keep in mind that your customer, they either just saw your competitors video, or they're going to see your competitors video after your video, like it's very possible, right? There might, might have just seen 10 of your competitors videos, and they might see 1010 other competitors videos after you. So when somebody, when they come across yours, know that, and what are you saying again, about about the previous guy? So the market started out with, say, whipped beef tallow, for example, super popular product, and then the next guy came along, or a few guys later and said, Well, don't buy whipped beef tallow. That's your you're just buying air. You're getting ripped off. Don't, don't buy it. Buy our stuff instead. It has, you know, no air in it, and it's cheaper. So great way to kind of position against, you know, somebody else in your market. You don't necessarily have to talk trash about them, but you should have kind of a response of, what, what do you say about about your competition, and what are they saying about you to be able to defend against that. This was a kind of similar to, yeah, going diving into fast Moss, basically, rip off and duplicate, as my, my buddy Steve, would say, for R and D drill in there, look at what the competitors are doing. And I was doing this just not too long ago. Came up with some great, great patterns this, this one I stumbled upon. I. The top beef tallow and

Speaker  321312:00
this script just Kat. I just kept seeing the script over and over again, and I'm like, Oh my gosh, this is a perfect script. So things I wish I knew before I started putting beef towel and beef tallow on my face, first, you want to avoid whipped versions, because they're basically paying for air. Always go for 100% grass fed beef, like the one I linked in this video. Go for one with honey in it. What does honey do? It locks in the moisture and gives that nice glow. Always make that. Make sure it has olive oil in it, because it gets rid of the redness and anti inflammatories properties. Be sure the price makes sense. If it's $4 it's probably junk. If it's $100 you're definitely getting ripped off. The one I use from Terra Lotus is linked below, blah, blah, blah. So great, great calls to action here. This probably, if it's $4 you're getting it's junk. If it's $100 you're getting ripped off. This was kind of in response, to, hey, there's guys selling junk right before me, guys selling junk after me. Like, buy mine, because it's, you know, here's, here's our position in that. And kind of how to say there's Chinese shit being sold here, and you want something at our price range, and not above or below this. This script was kind of kind of a great one to use for a lot of different products. Another thing that we were kind of digging into was, or is, writing the trending music so soon as a big name drops, I forget who it was the other day, pop songs are great for showing up on Tiktok, grabbing that song, try and make it relatable, to try and make a video relatable to the song. So it's not just the song, popular song, playing in the background, but it's kind of relating to that song. The trending music. As these new songs come out, everybody's listening to them. And Tiktok algorithm is feeding if you listen to the song once, you're going to hear it 10 more times, 50 more times. And so this is a great way to get get a ton of ton of easy traffic, but you really need to try and make it relatable. To get those to stick. A non negotiable is getting the hook into into the first three seconds. If you don't, if you can't get that hook in there to get them to stick around, you might as well scratch the video and try again, because it's it's not worth putting up videos that don't have some reason for them to actually stick around, letting the creators be lazy. So most creators I know aren't very creative, and they're not very hard working, so let them be lazy. Do the work for them. Use AI to to do your do your scripts. Give them the B roll, give them the images, give them the product benefits, talking points, angles, all that stuff. Discord is a great place, little too complicated for me, but posting that all in the what WhatsApp, Whatsapp group, or just giving it to them directly, but super, super helpful, and then kind of take some of the the pressure off of, you know, are the creators crap, or did I give them good enough content to use to give me a good video, adding scarcity, as we saw in that little beef telescript had some great scarcity in there. Grab before prices go up, they get a lot of stock, a lot it's a little expensive, but they have it on a flash sale. They come free with or come with free shipping right now, these sell out fast. Some little nudge to get them to act now. Here is my tech stack. So who all in here is using, who all in here is active on, on tick tock today. Who else using hive HQ or something similar? Is, is there something similar to hive HQ for tracking metrics? Is that Fernando, yeah, yeah. Anyway, I think that's a must have, like seeing your your real numbers, your profit, loading your cost of goods in. There is a must have. Fast moss. I think you can get away with without it, but it's. Super helpful. Helpful to be able to dig in and see all your competitors videos, see what all the other creators are doing. And I think we use UK AI for sending messages. That's, that's most of our Well, that's most of the stuff I use, I think the team uses some other stuff. So kind of in a nutshell, set up hive, HQ, load in your cogs, make sure you've got a strong hook. It's a non negotiable,

Speaker  411882:40
testing with multiple scripts, multiple creators, looking at your stats and checking your fall off rates,

Speaker  414346:40
feeding the creators everything that they need to let them be lazy. Can your video editing be better touching that up? Why? Why your product versus the versus the competitors? What's working for the guys crushing in your space? That's why I love fast Moss, just to really dig in and see, like, who's who's killing it, trying to write a music trend, and is there a reason they should buy from tick tock? Right now, I think that was some scarcity in there. But anyway, this is kind of my, summary of a bunch of things that you can kind of touch up dial in to get, either get get on Tiktok, or get your Tiktok converting A little bit better. That is all I've got. I I

Speaker  433152:00
mentioned that you're using WhatsApp to base their decree yours. You speak a little bit more about that. You tried WhatsApp, but we found the biggest challenge because that is that there was already no persistent messages. So every every new person who at start with a link chat,

Speaker  438112:00
I link, Jeff, yeah, definitely good question. The it is, it is not the best, especially for scaling. That's why I think probably discord, it would, would end up being the better place. But I just, I'm not a discord person, really, but I guess for a persistent message like that, which I think is important in assets and stuff, I think we kind of hit them up as they're going into the group, and so it's like, Hey, here's, here's all the stuff and the group, and we'll chat with you there mostly, but still also doing the kind of individual reach outs and trying to trying to manage those relationships. It's definitely a busy, a busy job for that person, but they're able to do a decent job on there.

Speaker  451008:00
Back up to Ann, yeah. Probably hurt somebody. That was the best catch of the day. Good delivery.

Speaker  454853:20
So thank you for the information. I'm really curious, because you talk about a lot of things to do, so it seemed like we have to spend a lot of work and effort to do the Tiktok. And I think also there is recently also a post in MDS talking that a lot of people spend a lot of money but cannot see the results. And seem like there's a consensus right now that we cannot make the profits on Tiktok, but then the bet is about, okay, maybe we make the Tiktok work, then it is the spillover to the Amazon so, yeah, I'm really curious. So how can we check that? How can,

Speaker  464058:40
yeah, it's tougher. It's not as easy. Now, unless you've got a product that's that's kind of taking off and goes viral, but I think there's, there is a lot of tick tock, a lot of spillover, but it's not, it's not quite as long lasting. And I also Amazon's, I don't know if they're rewarding it as much as they used to, but there still is, there's there's also that Halo, but I think we're seeing more of a we're in a time where a lot of people are making, making a lot of money on there and going viral, but also willing to break even for a lot longer for the halo across the rest of the brand. Beautiful shirt. Thank you. You.
