Mogul Call with Josh Hadley
Date: November 13, 2025

Speaker  880:00
Um, hey, want to welcome Josh to the mobile call. So this has been one of our most requested topics for hiring, and I think potentially is one of the most important things that we, you know, we need to do as business owners, is getting the right people on our teams. So I looked around and found out Josh has some really excellent content on this, and I've been wanting to get him on as well. So welcome Josh. Good to have you on.

Speaker  7861:20
Jamie, great to be here and excited to share kind of what I've been working on over the last little bit. And there's, there's a few people on this call that have heard many of these strategies that I've shared, but I've always got new things that I'm updating. And I think for me, you know, just to kind of like, preface everything that I'll be talking about is like, look, is the seven step process that I'm going to walk everybody through? Is this the silver bullet to hiring that nobody's ever uncovered? No, not necessarily, but I would say this right, my hit rate for having exceptional talent and people come into the business is at is 80% or above, and which is far above what normal like, a good kind of like hiring cadence is like 50 to 60% of your hires are, like, exceptional people, but I'm bad and like, at 80%

Speaker  22613:20
or above, that is that people that would pass the the Netflix test, the you know, if they said they were leaving, you would fight to keep them test. Oh, 100% that's great. Yes, one, it's a high bar.

Speaker  26245:20
It's a very high bar. And this is the exact same process that I walk through for even somebody that's entry level, considering them for customer service. Everybody, even executives that I'm trying to bring on a Director of Operations, they all walk through this exact same process. Because when I hire,

Speaker  31482:39
sorry, the businesses that you hire for are people to help with the podcast and your content and your kind of consulting business, then you've got, like, a design, design business as well that sells designs, and then you're doing e commerce as well

Speaker  35119:59
yourself. Yeah, so good question. So really, like, the only thing Do I have a podcast? Yes, I am the host of the Econ breakthrough podcast. I do have a VA that helps me with that, but that's it. Like, that's the entire team my brand. We sell on Amazon. We've been selling for almost a decade now. We're taking that thing to nine figures. And so that when I say I'm hiring people, like, I don't really do consulting. Like, do I do it a couple people? If somebody reaches out, I'll help them out, right? But my main thing, what I do, on a day to day business, is building my team to get to nine figures. That is the goal, having a nine figure e commerce brand. So there's my preface for today, and then I've got some slides to dive into. Jamie, is that sound good? Let's go. Let's go. All right, here we go. All right. So as we talked about it, I would argue that 90% 99% of you are going about hiring the wrong way. And I would say this, it's not that you're not doing it or that you're not trying to find the right people. I think there's just a lack of like, know how, or guidance to know what is it that I should actually be doing to find success with these people? And so what I'm going to walk you through today is tried and true principles that I have incorporated over the last seven years of hiring team members, seeing what works, what doesn't work, and we continue to level this thing up year after year after year. So this is the easy way to use AI. There's going to be some AI components into this to find incredible management level contractors, okay? And again, I said this before, but anybody that I hire, even if they are coming in just as a customer service agent, I want them to be so capable that I can move them up into additional positions in my business in the future. That is the key, the number of people that have leveled up into kind of management or even like specialist level roles in the business. That's what's game changing for me. I don't just hire and fire people. This is all about like, hire people that have management level potential ahead of them. So who am I first and foremost? I'm a father of four, husband to a beautiful wife. That is my pride and joy. That's what I why I do everything I do there eight figure brand owner. So what's that? Four kids? They keep us busy. I also coach them in softball and baseball and basketball. So there's never a dull moment at our house. I'm always running from one thing to another. We've been an eight figure brand. Brand for over three years, three consecutive years, moving on past that, and our goal is to grow to nine figures. And so that is kind of going to the podcast here, host of the Econ breakthrough podcast. The econ breakthrough podcast is me interviewing super smart people and being able to apply those same principles that they're doing that is working for them into not only my own business, but for other businesses, to help them scale even to that nine figure path. So for me, it's sharing the journey. These are the strategies, things we're executing on to grow to nine figures. If you want to follow me on that journey, you can follow the podcast,

Speaker  91370:40
what would you say would be a good episode for an MDS member to check out if they wanted to listen to one episode?

Speaker  93130:40
Oh, man, probably like the most sought after episode that I've gotten, like the best feedback from is Matt Altman had an episode on product launch strategies that was as far back to as 2023 but it is still just as applicable today, and still continues to make waves. So go back into the archives. Gives December 2023 Matt Altman's product launch strategy is pretty good. Cool. All right, so story time.

Speaker  101760:00
So back in 2018 when I'm first trying to hire people that I was a part of a lot of these mastermind groups, and people talking about different ways that they would hire, and one of them talked about using oDesk at the time right, which is now since merged into Upwork. But before Upwork, it was oDesk. That's how long this was. Long ago this was so back then, I was like, I was sold on the idea of hiring at the time, $2 $3 an hour, VAs that are going to be game changing for my business. And I was like, Sign me up. I have the budget for that, right? So what did I do? You know, I think one of the first jobs anybody like typically hires or outsources an E commerce brand, is customer service. It's just like, it boils up. There's a lot it's an easy one to outsource. So that's what I was trying to hire for. Is like a customer service representative posted the job and invited a good number of people. Probably had 50 to 100 applicants. And I was like, This is great. Well, the only thing that I know how to do next is I should interview all of these people, right? Like, we should just do some zoom interviews. So why the picture here? Well, because everybody's over in the Philippines. I was like, Well, I guess I should interview these people at nighttime, my nighttime, which is their daytime, right? So I said, All right, so I set up a bunch of interviews, starting at like 10pm at night going into like 2am in the morning. I was like, Hey, I'm gonna do this. Well, we lived in a small house at the time. We had small children, and so it's like, well, the only quiet place I can go and not interrupt other people. Is my car. So this, this is sitting in the garage late at night, me and my laptop just being like, All right, let's, let's interview these candidates. Here's the problem that I ran into. The first candidate comes on, and I could barely understand them like the English. Do they speak English? Sure. Can they articulately explain themselves in English? Not so much. And I was like, I have a 30 minute interview with you right now, and in the first 60 seconds, I know this isn't going to work out. So now, how do I keep this interview going to where it's not offensive, that I'm not like, hey, well, I think we're done, like, within 60 seconds. But how do I keep it going for like, an extra five minutes just to be like, Okay, well, thanks. Good. Good to get to know you. And I did that, then I waited again for the next one to come on. Well, the next guy comes on, and his Wi Fi is terrible. In fact, like it's so choppy, like I couldn't even understand him. I don't even think we ever were able to actually close off the interview and like, say goodbye, because I think it was just like, so bad, and that was basically what happened the entire rest of the night. And was I able to talk to a few people? Yes, but none of these people were like, Oh my goodness. Like, these are, these are great. So then all of a sudden I was like, you were just interviewing everyone that had applied, right? Anybody that applies, right? Because what else are you applied an hour at night, review their resume and interview them right? Those are those kind of, like the principles that you're taught in business. That's what you see. I worked at American Airlines, and that's kind of what I I did right? I went in, did a bunch of different rounds of interviews with people. So I was like, surely that's that's the way. Well, from this experience, I quickly said, There's got to be a better way. And that's where my journey started, on creating what has now turned into the very robust seven step process. That I go through in order to hire somebody, no matter what role I am hiring for, everybody goes through this process. So let's start here with step number one time study again. This is where, oftentimes, a lot of people that are new to hiring or have a business that's starting to gain momentum, this is often a point where you will go wrong, and it is because you hear somebody else has a marketing manager, and then you think, Well, surely I need a marketing manager. But is that really the next person that you need to hire? Probably not. So the worst thing that you can do is ask somebody like me, hey Josh, what's your org chart look like? Okay, I'm going to start. I'm going to start hiring whatever Josh has. It's like, well, my business is very different than your businesses. And so what I would encourage you to do is do this. You complete a time study. And this is something that any entrepreneur should do on a regular basis, if not quarterly. Do it every six months. And this is where you are going to jot down your time in 15 minute increments, everything you are doing okay from and even like on the personal side. And one thing that's going to come out of this is a, you're going to see where all of your time goes. But B, while you're having to force yourself to write down what you're doing, guess what's going to start happening? You're going to begin self correcting with like, oh, wow, I realized I spent an hour today on Tiktok. Now I didn't spend one hour in one consecutive time, but it was 15 minutes here, 15 minutes there, another 15 minutes here, and then at night, and then you're like crap, like, do I really want to be spending an hour on Tiktok every day, or whatever it is? So you're going to start auto correcting a lot of those, like bad behaviors, just by implementing this practice. But the biggest benefit that's going to come from this is you're going to be able to identify where is the majority of your time going, and this is the key thing. So one of the great books that I would highly recommend is Clockwork by Mike Michalowicz. He talks about, what is the queen bee role and why does it matter? Okay, the queen bee role should be something in your business that is unique to you. What is it that that separates you from the rest of the competition? What is it that you specifically, as the entrepreneur, you have some type of secret sauce that has allowed your business to grow and get to a point where you're needing to hire people. So what is that, and how do you do more of that? And anything else that is not that queen bee role or doing what is in your zone of genius needs to be outsourced. So as an example, like customer service is an easy one that like is customer service, your queen bee role for the business is that what separates you 99% of the time it's not customer service. So it's an easy one to say, like, Oh, wow. Okay, let's get this off my plate. But when I started taking hiring seriously, what I realized when I did a time study is I had my time going to two big places. Number one was product ideation, analyzing new product opportunities on Amazon, running the keywords, running the analysis. And then the second thing is, well, after I found that product, guess what I had to do? I had to actually bring that product to life. And this became project management. It was coordinating with the designer to make the designs for the product, to then coordinate with the manufacturer to get quotes for the product, to then go back and forth. Is this the can we get samples? Is this the right type of material that we're using? Okay, great. Now we're shipping into Amazon. Do we have the listing set up? Is the a plus content there is the title optimized, is the bullets optimized? All right? Are we ready to push the button to go live, right? Everybody knows, like, all of those journeys. And I realized, like, holy cow, most of my time is basically bouncing around from this to that, to that, to say, Hey, where are we at with each product? So I realized hiring a project manager was the thing that would give me more time to find even more product ideas and more product opportunities so that we could launch even more products, and that's how our brand was able to grow that much faster. So I was able to get project management off my plate, and then as soon as I got project management off my plate, guess what? Other things began taking up more time, right? And so, because I'm doing more product discovery and product opportunity exploration, guess what? I then took that and I said, I. I need somebody that's going to help me, just like, move faster through this product analysis. So I found myself a product R and D specialist, and I was able to move that off my plate. And then again, more things continue to build up on your plate, and that's why I say every quarter to every six months, you're just repeating and recycling this process. You're seeing what's getting added to your plate, and then you say, all right, how do I outsource this? And when you outsource that, guess what happens to your business? It continues to grow. It continues to produce revenue. Because you, as the entrepreneur, your main job is revenue. Sales cures all. So if you're doing anything else in the business, processing payroll, managing the projects, dealing with customer service. Those are not sales increasing opportunities in your business. So instead, you offload administrative work, and then you double down on more growth levers in your business. When you do that, that's how you grow. That's how you can bootstrap a business starting up. So that's step number one. Step number two is, okay, great. We've identified we need to hire a project manager, or whatever that role is. Again, this is a massive misstep that most people take. They just say, Okay, I need a project manager. Post it on Upwork. Okay, well, you've, you've put the cart before the horse, so to speak. You need to create a role profile. This role profile is going to list the core KPIs and responsibilities for this role. I promise, if you skip this step, your bat, your your batting average for hiring is going to plummet dramatically. And I'll tell you why.

Speaker  268826:40
Once you've determined that role, you're going to fill out this magical role profile template, and there's set there's a bunch of steps in here, and I'm going to breeze through these, but like, you're going to list your company, vision and mission, which, by the way, a level talent. Guess what? They're more attracted to, even more than compensation, where you're going, the difference you're making in the world. Okay? If you skip over that, if you gloss over that, if you're like, Hey, I'm just here to make a quick buck on Amazon, not a very compelling vision and mission, you're not going to get a level talent, okay, create a scorecard metrics to measure performance. This is probably one of the most important aspects of this real profile. How are you going to measure their performance when they begin on day one? What are their KPIs that you are tracking? That it is black and white. This is not subjective. These are specific metrics that are black and white. Is our in stock rate for our supply chain manager above 99.5% yes or no, it's either yes or no, okay. Is the IPI score above 750 is excess inventory below 2.5% right? Etc, etc. These are not subjective. It's not, Hey, make supply chain more efficient. Improve the efficiency of our inbounding process to FBA. Save some money. It's like, those are very subjective. Well, I saved a penny on your shipment. Is that good? It's like, oh, yes, but no, right? So again, this becomes your Bible that you're going to be able to hold everybody's feet to the fire that that you hire. Okay, do not gloss over this fact. All right, now, here's a little secret tip. Okay, use chat GPT for inspiration. So one of the best things that you can do here to fill out your role profile is like, go to chat GPT, say that you're trying to hire a particular role for and explain your business, right? And then ask it and ask for 20 different like KPIs that you could potentially use. Chat GPT is not going to give you the exact KPIs to use, but it's going to get you 80% of the way there that then you take those, you modify them, what works for your business, and then apply them there. This will help you, like I asked for 20 out of the bat right out of the gate, so that I could just see and then I modify it to what

Speaker  308816:00
works. Explain you're asking chat GPT to ask you questions first and then is just so good.

Speaker  310869:20
Yeah, the best hack on chat GPT is like, hey, I want to, I want to create some KPIs. Ask me five questions first before you even begin, and then you just keep going down that rabbit hole. So list what success looks like. List, your two to three primary objectives. Take this from the one thing book. Gary Keller, excellent book recommendation, by the way. These are the core things that we highlight to each team member. That's like, by the way, here are your one to three tasks. They're like. These are core rocks you can't drop. These. These have to be done first and foremost, because they're the big dominoes. They're like you knock them over successfully. Everything else becomes easier in that in that role. So don't just have a long list of like to do's strategically say, Here's my long list of to do's for this role. However, here's the two to three big rocks that you actually need to be focused on. Then here's the rest of the regular work activities. Step six and seven, list additional activities and the mandatory meetings that you'll have, list the key skills that they'll need. List the people that they're reporting to interacting with, list the job requirements that you have. And then when all is said and done, you have a document that looks like this. And this is the lengthy document, two to three pages. Okay, this used to take me eight to 15 hours to actually, like do this, well before I started using chat GPT. Now, with the advent of chat GPT like you can make this a lot quicker. So number one, here's the role profile template. Okay, so if you want to scan this QR code, it gives you a blank Google Doc that you can again utilize this to then fill out your role profile. But this is the like the role profile. This is the custom GPT that I created. So when you need to hire a customer service rep, a supply chain manager, whatever it is, you can go here. Just say, hey, I need to hire a customer service rep. It's then going to walk you through. It's basically going to fill out a role profile for you. Okay, now is that just like, Oh, great. Just copy and paste it. No, it's going to give you 20 KPIs. You got to boil it down to your top three to five, right? There's going to be maybe some of those roles responsibilities that are applicable and some that aren't applicable. But again, it gets you 80% of the way there. What used to take me eight to 15 hours is now taking me two hours. Okay, all right, now that we've created our role profile, okay, now we need to say, okay, great. Now what do I do with this? Well, now you need to, now you need to actually create your job description and get it posted on these different web platforms. All right. Well, guess what? I would argue most of you, if you look at this, these two different Amazon listings, which one actually is good, right? I think everybody's like, okay, the one on the right, gorilla, holics, okay, all right. The one on the left looks like somebody like, I don't know. They just slapped it up there. They have no idea what they're doing. SEO wise. They don't even care about the customer experience. They, they're like, a newbie, right? They're like, I don't know. I was told to list this on Amazon, and so I put my five bullet points, and I put my title in there. That's, that's right, right? Well, guess what? The majority of you, when you post your job positions and your job posts, they look like the one here on the left. I can promise you that, and I can confidently say that, because I've seen your job posts and I've had people say, Hey, this is what I'm hiring for. What are your thoughts? And I'm like, looks like this really crappy Amazon listing that nobody which, which ones the buyer gonna buy? Obviously the one that somebody actually put some time and attention and energy to right. Okay. So likewise, take the exact same principles that you've learned for click through, rate, for main image optimization, for title, for copywriting, all of that, and work it into your job description. It is the exact same principle. So what you do? An easy way to do this is take this chat GPT, take your role profile, send it to chat GPT and say, turn this into a job description that is going to make people want to apply that has a compelling vision mission that gets people excited. Okay, and then guess what? Because you have this role profile. If somebody leaves that role, you've now got all of these different role profiles. You don't have to go back to the drawing board every single time. It's like you've got this copy and paste ready to go at a moment's notice. So again, if you look at this, this is like, what one of our job descriptions looks like, right? It's like we're trying to get people excited about the vision, the mission that we're on. What does success look like? This begins getting them into the mode of like, oh yeah, I could do that. I could see myself in these shoes. I could be doing that. Like, that's what I think makes all the difference. And that's what a level talent is attracted to. So as another secret tip, we add a hidden task at the end of each of our job descriptions. Okay, just like, hey at the end of this, like, upon the completion of your assessment, send your resume to blah, blah, blah, and say, I'm coo material in the subject line of your email. That's a going to see who's following. Instructions, who's detail oriented, but it's just an easy like, right now, especially with AI, what's happening is you just have massive amounts of people that are applying and they're just like, copy, paste, copy, paste. This is so easy.

Speaker  403648:00
This filters out. A lot

Speaker  404304:00
filters out. Yeah, it's an this is a ridiculously easy filter. Yeah, very easy. Then you're going to post the job. Okay, these are the platforms we use whenever we post a job online. Jobs.ph, workable, indeed. Work.ua, job rack, workable. Okay, LinkedIn is in there as well. Work.ua, over in Europe? Oh, yep, like the Ukraine. I

Speaker  411850:40
was a Ukraine one, okay, yep, and it's workable. Another, what's what's workable? I haven't

Speaker  413242:40
heard of that one workable is an ATS, so applicant tracking software or system, right? So this will take your job and it will post it on whatever platforms it is connected to. So like, flex jobs, it even will post it on to, man, there's been, like, builder.com Like, there's been some really random ones that we've picked up, actually, some really good candidates from that just like, stumble upon it.

Speaker  420304:00
So workable. Will just really blast it out. So everywhere, 100% a bit. Like, yeah, there's a few to do that, yeah.

Speaker  421696:00
Okay, yep. And it manages, like, your your candidates, when they come in and that, I'll show you, kind of like, how we're doing that. All right, so we've posted this position, okay? And again, most of you would say, all right, my job is done. I've now posted this position. But actually your work has just begun, because as soon as you post that job, you cannot have the mentality of like, build it and they will come. No, build it and then market the heck out of it, then they will come. All right, so how do we market the heck out of our job listings? Well, we're going to go to online jobs.ph, and we're going to, like, if we're looking for a project manager, I'm going to search for that project manager. I'm looking for full time employment ID score greater than 70. I want them last active within a week or less, because obviously that means they're either disgruntled with their current job, potentially looking for something else, but like they're active, right? Or they're new, okay, I've got 904 job seekers. Awesome. Guess what? We're going to do, reach out to all 904 of these people and invite them to apply to our job. Okay? So you just click on the person, click contact worker, and then we have a very basic message, just like this, and we have them apply, okay, same thing happens on Upwork, okay, put in whatever role, whatever location you're trying to hire From. A lot of our team is in the Philippines, English level, native or bilingual. I use these filters any earned amount in any job success, because here's a secret hack, okay, on Upwork, you don't I don't want people that have earned $100,000.90 9% of success rate. I don't want that. My best teammates have come when they are brand new to Upwork. Because, guess what, they are just moving. They're, they're leaving some corporate job. I've had people leave IBM. They want, they want Coca Cola, and they're just want. They want to work from home. They've heard this like, ideal of working from home. They're tired of commuting in the Philippines, and so that's been our secret hack is like, any earned amount any job success. And now I'm getting people that are like, possibly brand new to the platform. And again, I'll show you, we've got a vetting process. I'm going to vet these people out. But, like, you don't want career up workers working for you. That's not helpful. You want to

Speaker  465904:00
take them off. They're probably gonna keep a couple of gigs on the side,

Speaker  467152:00
right? Oh, they're gonna have like, 10 clients. I don't want that. I want them to have one client me

Speaker  469440:00
is native or bilingual, not too high a bar for English or

Speaker  470821:20
not that I'm only looking for the best of the best.

Speaker  472037:20
I only want the best. I have found that generally in the Philippines, better English skills is correlated to just generally being better as well 100%

Speaker  475077:20
Yep, so those are the filters that we use, and you can adjust any of these however you want, right? We then go through and we invite candidates to apply. We're sending 1000, a few 1000 invitations whenever we post. The job 1000s. Oh, yeah, I want this is a volume game. This is

Speaker  481616:00
a way. Is there a way to automate that, or is you just got someone, a va, doing it?

Speaker  482768:00
Va, originally it was me, but it's a VA, we're just using the basic Upwork message that's in there. Just send the invitation, and it is all about a volume game workable. Ai also has its own recruiter. So again, that's another reason why we utilize workable, but it will match like anybody that's ever applied to any role that's been posted on workable. And then it's integrating with LinkedIn some some form or fashion, and then in the click of a button, you can email every single one of these people. And as you can see here, when we were looking for like a finance manager, like these aren't like these aren't basic VAs like this is like former assistant manager Ernst and Young, but located in the Philippines, this person has an MBA. This person is an FP and a manager.

Speaker  496960:00
These are the proper BPO, the proper BPO employees, right? The serious people working for serious companies. Yeah,

Speaker  498672:00
exactly. So that's who I'm reaching out to, and then I can send one bulk message to them. This is the message that we send, and it's going to source all those candidates for me, and it's going to send a blast email to all of those people just trying to get them to apply to my position. All right. Now, before we can move into step number four, you have to experience a mindset shift in the way that you approach hiring, okay? And this was the mindset shift that I had when I had Michael E Gerber, author of the E Myth, on my podcast, okay? I asked him this question when it comes or, well, I asked him, in your decades of experience, your whole book is about hiring people and outsourcing jobs so that you're not working in your business, but you're working on your business, right? So it's like, how have you found a level talent over and over and over again throughout your entire career? And what he said was, he went into this analogy, when it comes to hiring talent, do you have a vetting process that is similar to the Navy SEALs, where only the best survive? And I was like, No, tell me more. And so He then went on to explain, he's like, Well, in the Navy, and for to become a Navy Seal, they have something, what's called Hell Week, okay? And this puts people through extreme cold, wet, like sleep deprivation, like people are being pushed to the extreme, on average, only 25% of seal candidates even make it through Hell Week, the toughest training in the US military. Okay, so the analogy is this, if you want a level talent, are you putting your candidates through? What is your type of hell week that you are putting them through. Because if you're not, guess what you're allowing into your business. The 75% of people that never should have made the cut to begin with. All right, so let's talk about that. How do we automate this? Because Jamie, you're like, holy crap, dude. We're talking 1000s of candidates here. Like, I don't, I ain't reviewing resumes. I'm not. Like, who in the world is doing this? Like, how are you managing at least 1000 applicants, which, by the way, that's my minimum. I want 1000 applicants for every role before I will even make it higher. Okay, you're going to use assessments to filter these people out, so anybody that successfully applies, right? They send in, they follow the instructions. I'm coo material, great. Hey, we have an auto response, basically that is like, great. Thanks for your application. You have a great background. Please take this assessment to assess your skills and abilities to fit this job all right. This is the assessment that we use. It's called criteria, corp.com I looked at there's test gorilla, there's all of those different platforms. The challenge that I saw with most of those, like hiring platforms, is like, you have to pay per assessment. And even if it's like $5 per assessment, which would be ridiculously cheap. Most of them are, like 50 bucks per assessment, but like, I'm trying to send this to 1000s of people, criteria corpse, the only one that I found that like unlimited applicants, but we can do but I pay a one, one annual fee per year, couple 1000 bucks. Okay, so this is the assessment test. We give them criteria, cognitive aptitude test, employee personality profile and a basic skills test. So what's the CCat? As you can read here, according to them, the cognitive aptitude is one of the most accurate job predictors of job success in. Any position. Okay? Well, I'm not just relying on this alone, like fun fact, but this gives me a really good indication. So for me, people have to pass that 65th percentile or above before I move them on to the next round. So you're just filtering assessments. You can see as they start coming in, you're going to see people who meet all of your criteria or not, and again, they're going to be self filtering themselves out. At this point, nobody's looking at resumes, nobody's looking at experience, nobody's interacting with the applicants. At this point, you're just saying, complete my assessment, then we'll talk.

Speaker  570053:19
So this stage, the only filters are the headline in the email and the assessment correct. So everyone, for everyone that, everyone that fills out the email correct, everyone that does the email heading test, will be invited to do an assessment

Speaker  574122:40
correct, yep, doesn't matter their background. Nothing else doesn't matter. And then these are our filters. We use. Criteria, cognitive aptitude test, 65% percentile or above 80 80% match to the personality profile. And then criteria, Basic Skills Test. This is like basic English, basic math skills. So this 75th percentile.

Speaker  581008:00
How easy is it for people to cheat on these tests using AI,

Speaker  582021:19
so criteria, cognitive aptitude test, it's timed, and it's analyzing how quick you're responding to people. And so they've got it in there where it's like, if it's just copy it, if it can see you're just copying and pasting, it's gonna void out responses, plus.

Speaker  586069:20
But even if they had chat GPT open, they would just be too slow. So they would get filtered out.

Speaker  587322:40
It would be slow. It would be extremely slow, because they're going to be copying this and so you're going to see that they're not able to actually, like, they would get a low score. It is a Timed Assessment. For those that are interested. I'm not an affiliate. I've even asked them to be an affiliate because people kept, like, reaching out to them. That's like, Well, is there anything you want to offer these people? They're like, if they mention your name, they can get 10% off. So there's that all right. Now, here is a new tool that we began introducing in the last year that I think is truly game changing. There is not enough time to actually go through the weeds of this thing, but culture index has been scary predictive with every single person that I've previously hired, any of the problem team members that I had, I could easily spot them just from this culture index. Culture index does, like when you sign up, it's like 15k program you do, like a two day in person training like it is a deep dive into this. I have drunk the Kool Aid, and I I religiously use this like the Bible whenever I am hiring. So again, this, this would be a whole other separate topic of conversation that I'm not going to go into any further. Just know if you want to increase your hit rate like, I would say like triple like culture index will make a massive, massive, massive difference. Now, with that being said, the good news is, before I started using culture index, it was probably 10% of my team that did not meet the culture index standards that I needed. So again, in general, 90% of my team was meeting like I was finding the right people because of how rigorous my process is for how I go about hiring people to begin with. Okay, so that's that for culture index. This is like, just a sample. Hey, you passed our initial screening for that index, or, sorry, the assessment right now create this culture index. Okay, and in this one, we were asking for a five minute loom video, but I'm going to do something separate about that, but just as an example of, like, how we've used this in our hiring flows. All right, here's the key thing, okay, here's the filters, right, as Jamie talked about, which is, all right, they've got to, like, follow the instructions in the email subject line next. They've got to complete the assessment. They've got to pass that criteria cognitive aptitude test out of all of those, like the basic skills test, okay, the employee personality profile, okay, whatever it's that CCat test that I'm going to lean more heavily on. So anybody that passes that test, they are now going to get a test project.

Speaker  634053:20
Okay, so you've now, you've made a big cut now based on the test results.

Speaker  635082:39
Yep, so you're going to get so, yeah, great question. You're going to go from 1000 applicants down to 100 applicants. Like that. That assessment will weed out 90% of people easily. Yeah. Okay, so now you now you have 100 applicants, and you're still. Probably like, I still don't even want to interview 100 people. Like, that's too much. I don't even want to look at 100 resumes. And you're right. You shouldn't. So again, let's use those same principles. What's Hell Week? All right? Well, let's create our own Hell Week. That's called a test project. Okay? So congratulations. You've been selected to advance to the next stage of our hiring process. Okay, we've had over 600 qualified applicants, blah, blah, blah, we would love for you to now complete a case study. I firm it. I call it a case study now, just because it softens the blow a little bit. But here is a case study that we need you to complete now you may be asking, Well, why? Why are you asking them to complete a case study? What? What stuff are you actually having them do? Well, in this case study, I am actually having them do work that they would actually do on the job. Okay, so if it's a supply chain manager, we actually took our supply chain forecast and we dummy the data a little bit, but we knew the right answers. We dummied up the data, okay? And we said, hey, here's all of our SKUs, here's the current inventory levels, here's the the turnaround time from our manufacturer, here's the lead time getting it into Amazon. A WD, blah, blah, blah, when are you ordering? How many units are you ordering? When are you ordering? And at what cost are you ordering it? Here's the price breaks, etc. Complete that case study and send it to us, along with the loom video that walks me through how you got to those conclusions. So that's an example for the supply chain manager, for this creative director, right? It's like, hey, we need somebody that's a baller, a plus content All right, so what I need you to do is, here's links to our actual product images and our product designs, and here's our brand style guide. Create an A plus content page for us, and then create a five minute loom video. This goes on and on and on for every single like, any role that we are hiring for. So maybe asking, like, Well, how do I get what? What should I actually do? Go back to chat GPT and use chat GPT to get ideas right. Give me 10 different test project ideas, and then a lot of those, you're going to be like, Okay, that makes sense. That doesn't make sense, and then you're actually going to build this, like case study and Test Project. Does this take time? Yes, and I just did this yesterday for another position that we are hiring for. And again, it took me a couple hours, but I will do this one time to create this case study, and then it just runs on autopilot until I get the candidate that I need. So this saves massive amounts of time down the road. Okay, but yes, this is a significant upfront investment of your time to think strategically. What the heck am I actually having this person do in this role, all right, have them actually do it. So, Jamie, it goes back to your point, which is, like, hey, like the interview is not great. Some people are great in interviewing, but then really poor on the job, and vice versa. So how do I solve this? This is how you solve it? A you have them complete assessments. Okay, you're

Speaker  694421:20
gonna we I like the idea of having them having, like, recording a five minute loom about why they made the decisions as well, because you do need a certain level of communication skills, even if it is something technical, to enjoy working with them and for them to work well with other people.

Speaker  698517:20
Yeah. 100% I'm going to have, by the way, when I did my MBA at the University of Utah, I remember this distinctly from one of my management classes. The interview is the worst predictor of job success for any position that was drilled into us over and over and over and over and over again, and yet the question kept coming back. So why in the world does everybody still continue to use interviews, right? And what I would incur, and basically the gist of it is, well, you still need to have some communication, but it is a portion of the decision factor as to whether that person's right for your business or not. So as you can see, I'm building opportunities to build a case as to why that person should join our team or not join our team. Are they smart enough? Okay, the CCat will tell me whether they're smart enough. It's basically like an IQ score, all right. The case study, do they have enough Excel skills. Are they? Would they come to the right conclusion, if it's like a yes or no type of answer, then can they? Can they succinctly articulate ideas in a five minute loom video? Okay, great. And then, you know, the interview will be the interview, right? And it will just be like, I. And I vibe with this person, right? That that will be the next, the next step. But this is like I'm building evidences to be able to know, like, check yes, check yes, check yes, or no, no, no, no, no, all right. But again, is this work? Yes. So a couple FAQs. People always ask, what's the completion rate. You're going to go from 100 candidates down to 20 to 30 overnight, 70% will not complete the test project. Do they do it for free? Yes. Are people going to complain? One to two out of every 100 will complain, and they'll say, How dare you ask people to do work for free? You are a scam. Blah, blah, blah, okay, take it for what it's worth. Again, when I interviewed at American Airlines out of coming out of my MBA, guess what American Airlines asked me to do as part of the application process, complete a case study. So if the and did they pay me for it? No, did I complain about it to them? Obviously not. That's why I got hired, right? But like never in my mind Did I say, How dare you ask me for my intelligence and share it with you. You're going to then create use that to go grow your business. Like, how

Speaker  739232:00
long do you think that the test should take? Take five hours. And so do you send it to them and be Will you send it them at 12 o'clock and say, I want us back by five. No, I give if they want to spend longer on it. You don't mind? Yeah, I give them five days. You can five days. Yep, yeah, we would do, we used to, we did. We would do a set time period.

Speaker  745669:20
Yeah, we gave them five days, just because what I learned is, like a level talent, they're productive, they're busy. They've got things going on in their life. So if I give them five days, they'll be able to plan it into their schedule and turn around something worth a while. Who creates the test project? Whoever that immediate supervisor is going to be for that role, who reviews it and scores it? The immediate supervisor you do need to have a creative scoring rubric so it's not subjective. It's just like, what's their English skills are they articulate? How detail oriented were they in the Test Project, job specific requirement, one, two, you're just like, giving them a score one to five, and then that will be a very easy way to see who rises to the top. Ask the candidate to record a five minute loom video discussing this test project. Don't fool yourself. If the candidate performs poorly on the test project, I don't care how smart they are on the CCA, t score. You do not want to move forward with them no matter their experience or background or CCat score, I don't care if you show up poorly on that case study, you're out. Because this, this case study, is the best way to actually identify who's worth, worth their their weight, okay, if you don't like the way they work right now, I promise you, it's not changing if you give them money, right? And then if somebody misses the deadline for submitting the test project, they are immediately disregarded. I don't care, like, test the interview, like you should be getting the best version of whoever this candidate is in a case study and in an interview. And if you're seeing like, little gaps like that out, because that's not a level talent. A level talent is not going to miss a deadline. All right, I know we're running short on time, so we're going to go through this quick, but we've got Step Six group interviews. Great. We've got 20 to 30 people that completed the case the case study. You maybe have five to 10 people that you're like, all right, I liked it. This is good. Now. What do I do? I've got five people. So what we're going to do is we're going to set up group interviews, and we group candidates into groups of five, and then they all join a zoom interview. Okay? And in that Zoom interview, I will ask them a series of questions. We will go around and I'll say, Hey, tell me about your experience managing supply chain, or what's the biggest thing, like, the biggest challenge you've seen as it relates to sourcing inventory overseas, whatever it is. But every person goes around and has to answer that question, and then we'll mix up the order every time, okay? And then at the end. So these are, like, the sample questions, okay? Everybody answers these. The last question I ask is the final question, the peer picking probe, who would you hire from this interview and why? And you can't say yourself, and again, puts people on the spot, makes them a little uncomfortable. You're going to see how people like show up and all, and also know whether people are humble enough to be able to recognize other talent. Now, the other good thing that comes out of this is the candidates, although this is very different, and most people that get these interviews, they're like, I've never done anything like this. This is weird, but they all come back and they're like, I actually appreciate. To that, because rarely do I ever see who I'm competing against, and I actually know why if I don't get chosen. I actually see there were some ballers on that call, and I know where I need to clean up my stuff on my resume. And so I think that that is, like, the this is a win win situation. They get to see how they stack up, and internally, they're gonna be like, Ooh, I'm probably not getting the call back here, because, like, I saw the level of talent that was on that call. Okay, step number seven, you're then going to actually do one on one interviews with people, and in your interview, the most important thing that you're trying to do is nothing more than this, uncover a career success track record. I'm not going to talk to them about their favorite hobby, what their greatest weakness is, what their favorite color is, blah, blah, blah. If you were an animal, what animal would you be? That's all garbage. What you're trying to do here is go back in time and say, walk me through this position. Okay, before you did that, what were you doing? Okay, how did you jump from here to here? One of the best questions that I always want to see is in between jobs, I want to know, why did you leave that job? Guess what? You're going to find the most successful people have the most successful people in what I've seen like a level talent. They have either been pushed or pulled into opportunities, okay, pushed to go apply for something that was a bigger role by their manager, right? Or they got pulled along. Oftentimes, it's more of the pull. Their manager ends up getting poached by some other company, and then they're like, This person was so good, I'm taking them with me. It's those candidates,

Speaker  830986:40
yeah, and you notice that they've been promoted within companies that they've been at,

Speaker  831962:40
and then they've been promoted. So they have a success like everywhere that they've gone, they have a success record. And this goes all the way back to high school and college. I talked to them. Did you do any extracurricular activities in college and in high school? Oh, really. Well, tell me more about those. Oftentimes they're going to be the leader or the captain of a hockey team, a basketball team, or the chess club team or the debate team. I don't care what it is, but I want to see like, oh, they were voted the class president, all right. Well, if they were the class president, I know like they have leadership skills, like, I know it, and you will see patterns of success at very early ages, very early ages. That's what you're trying to find. Okay? And then, can they drive real results? Ask them, What metrics would you measure in this role? And then wait, do they actually know what they're talking about? Like, can they actually drive metrics? How does what you do make the business money? Do they know where they fit in? Are they saving the business money, or are they driving revenue? They need to understand how they're actually making the business money. Here's my favorite two truth serum questions. Again, as we go through their careers, I'm going to ask them, all right, who is your manager for this role? All right, John, great. When I reach out to John, I'm going to ask him these questions. You tell me how you think John is going to reply. How will John rate you on a scale of one to 10 in your job performance, and why? And guess what? Because I've already done that thread of a reference check. It's like, I'm going to be asking John these same questions. So don't BS me. What is John going to say is your biggest area of improvement? Why? So they're going to be very upfront, be like crap. What was my last performance review? Yeah, John did say I always showed up late to work. So I better say that now, because if John says that, but though I don't say it, that's going to make me look bad. Some of the best truth serum questions. And then you do, you follow up, you get the emails from those hiring managers, or their managers, and then you send them these emails, and you get their feedback, and you're looking for responses just like this, I give them a nine, I give them a 10, and this is why. And they write glowing reviews of these people, okay? And then they recommend hiring them again. That's what you're looking for. And then ultimately, you need to ask yourself the question, do they raise the bar of the team? Because if they don't, your your team will only rise to the lowest level of competence on your team. So you're constantly leveling up higher after higher after higher. Just gets better and better and better. A level talent wants to be surrounded by a level talent, and that's how you select. Your candidate, hire amazing management level staff for pennies on the dollar overseas, there's the full seven step process. Story time. Part two is the fact that, like, we've been able to scale our brand to over 20 million this year, and it's all been bootstrapped. And what I believe we doubled this year, we doubled our business this year, and that has only happened not because I worked harder in the business, but because I made some key hires in the business. I have a director of operations that is crushing it.

Speaker  888357:20
If the market rate was $1,000 a month for a job, what would you advertise the job at?

Speaker  890309:19
We don't put we don't advertise the salary in any of our job listings. Oh, really, zero. In fact, we we ask people as part of the process, it's like, what is your desired salary? And then that allows them to tip their hand first,

Speaker  894298:40
and then you can see, okay, what who's asking for? Yeah, okay, what countries have you had the most success hiring from

Speaker  896496:00
doesn't matter. I'll hire anybody from anywhere. I've got hired a lot of people from the Philippines, because, like, that's who's passed all of these steps. So I don't care where people come from. I've got people in Mexico, got people in the US, I've got people over in the Philippines. So yeah, if people want to reach out, if you follow my ethical bribe, if you want to follow the podcast, leave me a review. I can send you a copy of these slides as well and answer questions.

Speaker  904949:19
Cool, yeah. Anyone got any questions? I will check out the if you anyone joined late. Josh was saying he had a good episode with Matt Altman last year that you might might want to check out on product launches. See, see how many reviews you've got on I use Pocket Casts, so maybe see how many reviews you got. Let's see how many reviews you got there.

Speaker  912362:40
And a quick question, Josh, how I know we're at up at time? How has um AI influenced, like the candidate experience throughout this so I know we use AI to develop the job post and help us filter candidates. But as you probably have seen, candidates use AI to respond right and and get through some of those, like, secret hack filters, like the I'm CEO material, like, what have you done to sort of counteract the use of AI throughout this whole process?

Speaker  920501:20
Yeah, great question. So for me, it comes down to like, the loom video that tells all like, and you'll be able to see people like it's one thing for chat GPT to complete the case study for them, and then it's a whole other thing to be able to articulately explain what chat GPT just did for you. Okay, so that's how you weed that out, and then also that CCat weeds out people very easily that are using AI. And I also believe like, there's, there's an easy component to the case study. And then as soon as you have jump on calls with people, like, you'll find people that are BS in you. And it's easy to like in one of the other steps. Like, we I have more advanced stuff, but like, I'll download every group interview, and every one on one interviews recorded, I then download that transcript, and then I've got a custom GPT that I'm working with that is like, here's the role profile, here's their case study, here's the results for their role, or the culture index and the CCat. And then, by the way, here's how the interview went and then it's found misalignments, like, this person said they did this, but that's not actually what they talked about in the interview. So, like, it will catch that, but oftentimes you're not get the people that make it to the group interviews and the one on one interviews, you're so far down the list of people that, like, you're not dealing with people that are trying to cheat the system at that point, like I found that to be very, very rare.

Speaker  945872:00
Thank you. Love that custom GPT hack. That's awesome. Thank you. Well,

Speaker  946815:59
have you got time for one more question, Josh, would you drop? I've got a little bit of time. Yep. Okay. So yeah, everyone else, virtual event, feedback. Link, please rate the call on there. Question from Kevin, what would you change if you were trying to get local us hires to work with in person?

Speaker  951397:19
I wouldn't change anything. I mean, we're we do hire us based staff, your challenge is going to be like your lead flow is going to really suffer because you have to hire in a very specific geographic area, right? So what that does mean is, like, you're gonna just have to, like, turn on the faucet with ads on LinkedIn, targeting your specific city and go hard, because,

Speaker  958410:40
like, you're also looking for more general skills and coach ability, rather than the specific of. Uh, this the specific skills like you might, you might have to get someone that understands marketing and photography but doesn't know Amazon, or you might have to be a bit more flexible

Speaker  962576:00
on potentially tax skills. Yeah, potentially. And then another thing that we'll do is, like, sometimes we'll take that same job post, but we'll change the the title. It's like a B, testing your title on Amazon, right? Which one's going to lead to more leads and people coming in, we've seen that being like a big difference maker, just like changing it from PPC Manager on Amazon to like a brand manager on Amazon. Totally different results.

Speaker  969525:20
Awesome. Well, thanks again, Josh. I know you're about to get back some interviews. So I hope you found some more. Bar raises their recording should be live tomorrow. Josh, if you could send us a slide please, so you can add them to recording. I have, you don't have any reviews on Pocket Cast, so once you need to get some reviews on Pocket Cast, then once, once I've listened, it won't let once I've listened to one episode, then it will let me review. Will let me review you. So I will be your first review on Pocket Cast. So yeah, hopefully get some more Spotify and iTunes reviews for you. Yeah, check out those episodes. Thanks again, Josh. Really appreciate having you on thanks guys. Please fill out the feedback. Thanks guys. Bye, thank you. Bye.
