Rocky Mountain Chapter Kick Off Call
Date: April 24, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Let me so you want me to share the slides? Ben, yeah, let's go ahead and get started. Hello. Let me.

Speaker  2544:00
Yeah, go ahead. All right,

Speaker  2928:00
yeah, it's recording. All

Speaker  3472:00
right. Well, I will say, welcome to the people that are here. And for those of you watching at virtual afterwards, we're kicking off the Rocky Mountain chapter, the Rockies chapter, so it's not too long. And what we'll do today is kind of, do introductions, get to know each other a little bit. And then what we want to do is talk about kind of planning. What do we want things to look like going forward? What kind of events do we want, what kind of cadence do we want? And what we're looking for is feedback. So we'll do some on the call, and then some follow up messages in the chat room to get that feedback. Ted, you want to go and put the slide deck up and kind of go through that?

Speaker  13226:40
Yeah, let me do that.

Speaker  14138:40
Okay, so let me know if you guys can see my desktop here,

Speaker  14922:40
we can see about 6 million tabs that are given my anxiety. Don't, don't, don't, awesome. Thanks. Yeah, and thank you Courtney and Deborah for kind of getting things started and giving us a deck to work with. So what I'll do is I'll start with the introduction, and Ted can introduce, and we're going to work together on this and see if we can get this kicked off and going and get some traction. My name is Ben Anderson. I'm in Denver, Colorado, been married for almost 20 years. I'll be 20 years in February. We've got six kids, two biological and four adopted from Ethiopia. I also have a day job with a big, large international insurance consulting firm, brokerage firm, and then we have a couple Airbnbs, mobile home parks, and then chase after our kids, the Amazon e commerce business is in the winter sports space. So snow sports, so we spend a lot of time on snow, and I still teach ski school on the weekends. That's my place to relax and love that aspect and just looking forward to kind of how we can learn together and all get get better what we're doing and dealing with all the challenges we face, and level up. So Ted, do you want to do your intro? Yeah,

Speaker  34816:00
oh, I didn't want to do lost your hair one second here. All right. So yeah, I'm Ted McCune. I'm I'm single, not married, no kids, so I have a pretty easy life, and started Amazon in 2015 so it's been good to me. And I came from the corporate world before that, Microsoft and monster.com and then retired from corporate and started doing e commerce. And it's been really good for me. And on my spare time, I mostly DJ and do music stuff in a country band, or I'm starting a country band. Curtain knows that. And then, yeah, and then just kind of work, just run my E com, and still trying to grow like everyone else. And I'm based in Salt Lake City most of the time. I also have a place in Vegas, so I kind of go back and forth and, yeah, that's a little bit about me. And I'll kind of let Ben kind of go over the agenda, I guess.

Speaker  50848:00
Okay, yeah, we're a little behind. But you know, what we want to do is start off normally, we'll do just kind of wins and stick on the business stuff. But since this is the first time that we've done one of these, we want to do actual intros as well. Yeah. And then we'll move over to kind of just talking about what the chapter is going to look like and how we're going to do events and whatnot, and get some feedback. So maybe what we can do is tell you go back one real quick. Sorry about no problem. You're good. What we can do is we'll actually, we'll go over some of the ground rules for the meetings, and then we'll do the intros. So once we get through that, I'll kind of just pick someone and then when you're done with your intro, and when you pass it on to someone else, how's that sound? Alright, good. Okay, so the next one, I don't think Nick is on the call, but welcome Nick. He's the latest person to join the Rockies region. So it's good to have it growing, and hopefully, as we do this, you know, of course, anytime if you find someone that you think might be a fit, pass time along or help with the intro process, there's obviously a lot of other people that aren't in MDS, or aren't as active in MDS, so we want to kind of ramp that up, and we would look for each of you all to help with that process and get to know people. So why don't we start with Daniel? I'll just kick it to you to do an introduction, and then a recent business or personal best, and then, I guess Ted now wrapped that up because we didn't do our business or personal best. So we'll, we'll back clean up on that. So I'll toss it over to you. Daniel

Speaker  74901:20
bet Daniel Meredith live in Utah.

Speaker  76314:40
Started e commerce in 97 eBay, 99 Amazon and oh four, I knew in this a while,

Speaker  78122:40
married, have four children.

Speaker  78858:40
Grew up in Utah, worked, worked for a DIRECTV. I worked my way up through that to Director of Engineering, did a lot of field, field projects, field deployment, things like that. Worked in 49 states. Means the only state I haven't been to or worked in eventually, when we settled back down after our second daughter was born, wife and I, we moved back to Utah. It's as mountains seasons, although only winter and summer really, and it was one of the last states that people still hold the door open for you when you're walking out of building. So thought it was a good place to raise kids

Speaker  88661:20
anyway. Good recent business win

Speaker  90117:20
how this month and call it six months from now, or six months ago, easier to think of. Well, we finished all of our plans and outlines, so at least we know exactly, to the penny what we're doing over the next 20 months. So that is a win, because there's a lot of uncertainty, and we now have some certainty on what our options are. So that's a big win for us. Nice.

Speaker  96778:40
I pass that on to someone.

Speaker  97424:00
You bet this next person on my screen is Corinne. Is it Corinne? They say that, right. Sorry, Corinne.

Speaker  99104:00
Yeah, good job.

Speaker  99872:00
Okay. Hi. My name is Corinne. I live in South Jordan, Utah. I'm a single mom with three boys, I've been selling on Amazon since 2011

Speaker  103301:20
so kind of a while, a

Speaker  104341:20
recent when I would say, with all the panic with the tariffs i i was at MBs inspire with Ted, and we were sitting there listening to the speaker talk about how the most successful people take things that everyone's like, panicking about or thinks is horrible, and say, this is a good thing, and then you train your brain to, like, look for the good in it. And I've had like, three or four, like, really awesome things come out of like the tariffs. Like, yeah, I don't know. I listened to Brandon Young's mogul call last week, and he talked about strategies to mitigate tariffs. And I was like, Holy crap. Why haven't I been doing this the whole time? Like, this is going to save me a ton of money moving forward with all of my products. So that's one. And then another thing was somebody else was laying off tons of employees that I saw in MDS, and one description for one of them, I was like, whoa. I could totally use that employee like, so I reached out to her, and I'm probably going to hire her. And yeah, so just like having a positive mindset for things that normally look really, really bad. It just like changes your whole world. And then I don't really see anybody else on the screen. Let's see.

Speaker  125818:40
Oh, I was our did you go yet?

Speaker  127482:40
Hi? Yeah. Thank you. My name is Ibo zar. I'm in Utah as well, South Jordan. Yeah, we are. We are in Amazon. Since when? 2020? Now? Yeah. So kind of new compared to you guys.

Speaker  132736:00
We are mostly in the pet space,

Speaker  133632:00
the latest win

Speaker  135109:20
with tariffs going on and all the exciting news. So we went back to a lot of our Chinese suppliers and started renegotiating and so forth. And it seems like, you know, I don't know what they do, but you know, as long as they're doing it, I'm not opening it up, really. And but what they what they offered us is, instead of buying FOB for, you know, wherever in China, they offered us delivery. DDP, so that way. They import it, they pay the tariffs. They do all that stuff we buy basically here in us, making a payment, you know, as a domestic purchase. So and doing it that way, it seems like they can be quite competitive when it comes to pricing. So that helped us a lot, and we keep pushing the other suppliers for the same terms,

Speaker  151957:20
right, pass it off to

Speaker  153125:20
Who do we have left? Okay, so I gotta get

Speaker  153605:20
give somebody else. Let me see Pete.

Speaker  156634:40
Or Moshe. Is that how you say your name?

Speaker  157674:40
Yeah, you got it all right, cool. Got it on the first try. So

Speaker  159530:40
I was Moshe. We started Re. Business, 2017

Speaker  160992:00
expanding to Amazon,

Speaker  161680:00
and, well, from Denver. I guess it seems like I'm the first one from Colorado. On the call, I might have missed some of it. Oh, okay, all right, who's that? That's Ben, okay, cool. Well, yeah, pleasure to meet you guys. And I would say, personal win, I've started to, like, start, started taking a step back, working a little bit less, which has been really nice, and having, like, stopped taking calls. Mostly if somebody wants to pitch me, they have to send me a video that's my my newest and hopefully I'll be around in a few years. Still take my foot off the gas, but it's been fun. Been focusing on some solid or stuff and things like that, things I'm more interested in. So I'm on. I don't know if this is the discussion part, but I am interested on the avatar thing, because we were discussing the tariffs. Thing I looked into with DD we've always done DDP, but and we could, you could talk about this later if we get there. But I am interested, because I found out that if somebody does DDP and they're shipping for your company, you're still technically liable, like they can come after your company. I mean, I would just be interested a little bit more about that if you're worried about any liability from from suppliers taking shortcuts to get to get product into the US. Yeah,

Speaker  183461:20
let's come back to that after we finish the intros as part of the discussion. But that's, I mean, it's a topic of the day, for sure. I think I don't know if Pete can come off mute. I think he was driving, so I'm not sure if he can. But yeah, I can, I can talk.

Speaker  188154:40
Yeah, hello. I'm Pete. I'm from Boise, Idaho,

Speaker  189370:40
married four kids,

Speaker  190170:40
doing Amazon Since 2010

Speaker  192314:40
what else so ups and downs like already, everyone shared entrepreneurial life with the Holocaust lifestyle. I was doing GDP for the last three four years anyway, so nothing new then, but we'll see how it's going to affect them in the future. So can can keep it sweet and short,

Speaker  199941:20
yep, yep, all right. And then, since

Speaker  201077:20
Ted and I didn't do a personal business best, I'll start with one, then maybe Ted Kat and we'll move into next section. I'll go with one of my personal ones, one of my kids. He got a job as a camp counselor the ski camp up at Copper, where I work as a ski instructor. And I'm super excited for this kid, like he lives to ski, and he basically is going to get a ski in golf every day, all summer. And they've never hired a kid in high school. And he got the job as a junior going into his senior year. So I'm just, I'm super excited to see him with that responsibility and the growth and stuff he'll get from that, but I'll miss him all summer, so that, personally, I'm just really proud of him. So it's a big, big win,

Speaker  212448:00
alright, Ted, you got

Speaker  213072:00
something? Yeah, sure. I mean, I, mine's my business pretty steady, but I I got a couple, I mean, my, my business success is probably just a couple patents and stuff got approved finally. So that's good for me. I do a lot of I spend a lot of time on my products and inventing and tweaking. So I spend a lot on legal fees. So it's good and bad, but so getting stuff pushed through is pretty big for me. So, so if anyone has questions on how to do the IP stuff, let me know. I'm pretty good at that now, because I do it all day long.

Speaker  222810:40
But yeah, that's probably it nice. Thanks.

Speaker  223466:40
I definitely do so do me a favor, I messed up on the presentation and a couple slides hidden that weren't supposed to be sliding hidden. So could you go back three slides? Yeah? Let's just talk about kind of Yeah. They're showing up now. So let's just talk real quick. We will. These will be recorded, and they'll be sent out to the people that are there on the call in the group. They they've asked to not do kind of personal recordings where everyone's just doing their own and let's you know, we'll have some times during our meetings where if someone says off the record, we'll pause the recording, we'll talk about it. And if those are happening, let's give each other that respect and not record them on the side. If someone's sharing something that's maybe more vulnerable or that they're a little worried about getting out of there. But we want to be able to support each other through those conversations as well. And then I think on the next one, keep going the next one, it basically says the same thing in their mind. And then let's just take care of each other like that's the fun of all this is we get to do it together. You know, ups and downs. So let's. So let's share the encouragements, the wins, you know, as we face the challenges, like let's grab each other and help each other through them. I think we'll probably have a lot of ups and downs over the next few months. I mean, look at the stock market. You don't know, one day it's gonna be up or down 1000 points. So I think we're probably gonna have a lot of those similar feelings figuring out this tariff and all that stuff. So I think for the intros and all that we can wrap, and then let's just, let's talk it out a little bit about what do we want the chapter to look like, and the event cadence. And then maybe we can have a conversation around the DDP, since we're all DDP or shipping logistics, since we're all facing that as Ted and I have been talking, and we talked with MDS, we have a pretty unique chapter. You know, most of them, right? They have southern Florida, they have Southern California, they have Northern California, these places where everyone are in somewhat of a proximity, like, how easy would it be to be the New York chapter? They can just subway to each other. The downside of us is we're all over this rocky mountain area. You know, we've got Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and Utah. We're our focus with Ted and I is going to be giving the people in Idaho, Montana and Wyoming, a chance to kind of come and join but we're predominantly going to focus the events in Utah and Colorado, just because we have a higher concentration of people there for now, if that changes, will, you know, hopefully we'll expand and we'll have a bunch of people. I love Boise. I used to live there on the bench, so I'd be happy to do some events there. I think, what will the first thought? And we'd love people's feedback is doing some type of board room or event type in Colorado and Arizona, and then probably once, if we can pull it off, twice a year, have everyone meet up in one of those two cities, and then do maybe a day evening, and then people can and then the first part of the next day, And the people could be on their way, so you can stay longer, or you could do it shorter. What are people thinking? What are people's thoughts on these

Speaker  274656:00
or do you have other ideas that we haven't talked

Speaker  277072:00
about? So say that again you said, we'll be doing an in person event once or twice a year in you said Colorado or Arizona. Just

Speaker  279909:20
Arizona. We

Speaker  280149:20
just, we just load as a group. What? What makes sense? But

Speaker  281125:20
I may have said Arizona, because of my day job. I my, I have 80 people in Colorado and Arizona.

Speaker  283157:20
I probably did say Arizona instead of Utah.

Speaker  284090:40
Is there Rockies, though? No, no, it's not okay. Let's get rid of that.

Speaker  285866:40
It's warm. That was just me screwing it up.

Speaker  286858:40
Well, I think Ben and I are looking for feedback from everyone of what everyone feels they can commit to or do. Is it, you know, is it once a year we do a weekend or a few days? Do we do it twice a year because people are committed to do that, or, you know, that's what we're looking for, is what? What does everyone want to do?

Speaker  291920:00
Personally, I vote twice a year, just because I think the more connection we can build with each other, the more we can support and help each other. Yeah,

Speaker  294789:20
and Corinne, you're, you're, you're committed to travel, right if you need to. Yeah, okay, that's not the problem.

Speaker  296901:20
And I enjoy also, also twice a year, you know offers you an additional chance in case you miss one, or if you know your plans don't allow you to go one, there's always a backup plan. But yeah, I agree. I think the more you know, contact you have as a group, the more we can you know, bring onto the table and share and know each other. And yeah, I agree.

Speaker  304346:40
And I enjoy traveling. I enjoy driving. I call it asphalt therapy, so I'm okay to do that whenever. On the timing question you have there, one of the thoughts I have is to avoid being too close to other MDS events, you know. So the primary is the, you know, inspire in the spring, and then, of course, the Summit and the summer fall. So definitely try to avoid being too close to those. Think it's a lot of travel, a lot of fatigue all at once. Otherwise,

Speaker  313573:20
of course, holidays are tougher too. Yeah,

Speaker  314309:20
yeah. I think Ben and I, we spoke on before this call, we were thinking, you know, okay, so you've got, you know, inspiring March. We could either try and do, like a January, February timeframe, and then maybe, you know, then you've got, you know, the summit in the summer. You. Um, so we could do something right, like right after that, September, October or or we could go earlier, you know, like right now, April, May, right? But obviously, six months spread from the other one,

Speaker  323664:00
you know, I think also, there's just a thought out there is especially for Utah, Colorado residents, you know, our six months winter and six months summer, there may be value in not necessarily just doing them. You know, if, if most of us have to travel anywhere, there may be value in heading south in the in the winter or north in the summer to travel anyway. You know, Boise is not too bad. You know, definitely place, the Wyoming and Montana are beautiful. In the summer, we get out of the 100 degree 110 degrees, miserable. July's right? Yeah,

Speaker  332826:40
yeah. I think, I think Ben, what we could do, too, is we could do some polls. I know in the Vegas chapter, they do a lot of polls in the messenger. We could just, it sounds like everyone wants to, I if anyone wants, just can only commit to one, then I think it majority least from people on this call, right? But we could pull it and and then kind of get final, and then also pull the the date dates as well, you know, and see, see when the work, and then just get something nailed down for time frames.

Speaker  341813:20
That sounds good. And then what about, like, virtual events? Are we going to be getting together regularly, like, over zoom or,

Speaker  344293:20
yeah, we I mean, Ben, what do you think? Because I know in Vegas, they do monthly events. They do boardrooms monthly, like, they pick a restaurant or a venue, and maybe there's a little activity, and then they go from like 10am to 3pm once a month. I think that's what they do, or is it court? No, I think it's once a month. They do that in Vegas, a boardroom, and then they then they have maybe a more social one every few months, or something. But that's what they do in Vegas. So, no,

Speaker  352992:00
yeah, and I think we have a, we have a good concentration in Utah, so I'd probably be a quick, quicker and easier, you know, let's get something in person in Utah. And then I think in Denver, we only have a few so, you know, we might have a little meet up here. But then I think we do want to have probably a regular cadence of zoom calls, just so that we can all come together. You know whether, you know whether it's once a quarter on a zoom call, and then once every month, or two months in person for a happy hour or a boardroom type lunch, that's kind of, I will put that in the in the poll and try and get people's feedback so we get more people to respond to that. Yeah, when we do the events, just a quick question for people that are here, when we do the two times a year in person, do we want to do something where people could fly in in the morning and fly home at night, or something where we come in and we have dinner together and and people spend the night. So there's an overnight aspect too, because it's more time together.

Speaker  371168:00
I think I prefer two days, but that's me, like you do maybe one night late, you know, do a day, two days of meetings. I think is to maximize if we're going to do it twice a year, but that's me or a weekend, you know, because you can mix, I think, you know, networking and social. We can mix, you know, we don't have to sit there and meet the whole time. We can do some activities. Plus, you know, have plenty of time to meet and present and stuff. That's my my vote. Instead,

Speaker  380458:40
I'm probably on the same lines like I think even if we came in like a lunch through the night, dinner, then the next half day, you have easy travel plans, but we can get a bunch of stuff in a bunch of time

Speaker  383210:40
together. Yeah, yeah. I'm in the same, same, same group as you guys, Yeah, same

Speaker  385344:00
one long day with two flights. I do not miss flying every week. The nice thing of being out of that industry,

Speaker  387824:00
yeah, those are long days. I do them to Arizona, like a 6am flight and a 8pm flight. Like it's a long day.

Speaker  389557:20
You hardly remember what it was you learned when you were

Speaker  390389:20
there. Yeah, maybe we can ask, I don't know. I wonder from Courtney, if she knows what some of these other ones do. Is it, if they don't meet as frequent, do they, is it better to do two days? Does anyone even do one day? I mean, I guess if they're the local ones, probably do they just do a half a day. But yeah, so

Speaker  395450:40
for the bigger events, I mean, sorry for the chapters that are more spread out, like they plan retreats. So it's like two, three day retreats, and they're just much larger. So it's like paired with an activity. So Europe usually does a ski retreat every year, and they go to. Like France or the Swiss Alps, and they'll do a full day of sessions with cocktail or dinner, and then the next day is like skiing or like some sort of activity. So you guys could do something like that? Okay,

Speaker  404656:00
yeah. I

Speaker  404992:00
mean, we live in a playground, so like that won't be hard to do something fun. Like, right, everywhere every one of us lives is a great playground, yeah,

Speaker  407621:20
all right, yeah. I mean, I'm sure we can get creative as we get going. So, you know, like, I've got a houseboat in Lake Powell, or, you know, I've got some Airbnbs and Zions. You know, if people want to do that for weekend. I'm totally happy to entertain people, you know, something like that. And then you've got Airbnb so, like, we could probably make do, you know, make it really affordable,

Speaker  413914:40
yep, something like that. Well, hey,

Speaker  414410:40
if that's on the table, let's do this monthly.

Speaker  415866:40
I know, Zions, let's go.

Speaker  416976:00
Awesome. Okay, well, I'm glad we got some ideas on that, and we'll put some stuff out in the chat, and then I think the goal will be to get something this summer. Yeah, you know, it's a tough one, because when you're out of school, that's always with kids, that can be a challenge, but I think we can work around that. But I think once we go back to school, you've got, you know, the MDS event, and then you have innovate, and you accelerate, and you have, like, you have a lot of stuff, and then we're running right into the q4 which I don't know, maybe we'll have a bunch of free time if we can't get any inventory. But what do you

Speaker  426005:20
guys think about in July? Does July? For me, July would be the best right now, if we do something in the summer. I know it's only a few months away, but I mean, is it? Is that a good month for everyone? Because August, we got Milan, and I got a lot of travel, and then September, we start getting to q4 so I really I probably only could do something in July or late June,

Speaker  432496:00
I would, I'd prefer like later in July. Okay,

Speaker  433232:00
yeah, me too late

Speaker  434064:00
July. Okay, yeah, June looks disastrous, but with family stuff, but July is pretty, pretty open toward the end. So, yeah, okay,

Speaker  437024:00
yeah, maybe

Speaker  437664:00
ease the ease of purpose. I think the first one we do in Utah, even though that makes, you know, we have to travel, but I think we've got a core group there. Ted's got some options that we might be able to, you know, piggyback on,

Speaker  441189:20
yeah, we could, we could talk about, so let's, let's pull.

Speaker  442789:20
Yeah, let's pull but that sounds that sounds amazing. Okay,

Speaker  443978:40
I can go end of July, last week of July, June and early July, I'm out. But

Speaker  445498:40
okay, well, it sounds like maybe that that might work for everyone. I know we have what June? Well, I guess Utah has a holiday on the 24th but that's not really a whole day. So, okay, cool.

Speaker  449584:00
All right, let's, uh, I guess we've kind of gone through that stuff, so if we want to do a little kind of discussion now, we could, uh, oh, there's a bunch of other slides on the back. We can ignore those are for kind of future meetings, but if, like, with the shipping, that's the thing. Now, do you want to have a conversation around the DDP and different shipping things? I know I've been shipping DDP for a couple years. It's only this recent, as everyone's dug into it, that I've started to understand some of the intricacies around DDP. So is there anyone that maybe has a little bit more? I know abazar, you're using it too.

Speaker  460458:40
So we are very new. We usually buy fob and we handle the rest of the journey. So on the DDP, I'm actually very new. This was just a suggestion that one of my suppliers offered to us, but, yeah, I wouldn't. I don't have too much experience in it, honestly.

Speaker  466192:00
Yeah, so I've been digging into it. I haven't done it yet. I've been trying to do a lot of research. I've been talking to Brandon Young. I've been talking to Mo. Mo is like, supposedly, the DDP expert. He also does, they're, they're doing like, monthly logistics calls, I don't know if you guys know that, and they also have a group chat for logistics on the MDS app, but my biggest thing is like, okay, so, so you're not listed as the IOR, and then you're not listed as the the Consignee, but if your shipment gets flagged and audited, like I was, I was trying to push the forwarder to find out, like, are you going to give them my company details if you get audited? And she was like, well, maybe there's a chance. Like, so to me, it's like, there's still a big risk, but I don't know what else to do at this at this point in time. Them. And you know, okay,

Speaker  480512:00
Corinne, can't you do the same thing DDB does if you just do it all yourself? Because they don't do anything really. They they, they don't get necessarily any more discounts than we would. But of course, they probably break the law more than a normal person. So it's kind of like, what risk are you going to take when you do the shipment, right? Because I pretty much get the same rates as I would a DDP, but I, I do everything. Just do it yourself. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know, like we talked about, we, you know, kind of what we do. And, yeah, you can get stuff pushed through. But the problem with the Chinese is sometimes they're too aggressive with it, and then they, they, they get too aggressive, and then it gets flat. Gets flagged, and that's what happens sometimes. Yeah,

Speaker  492314:40
I feel like with GDP, like if there's just a little added layer of protection, because you're not listed as the IOR or the consignee, so you're less likely to be even affiliated with the shipment if it does get flagged, but there's still a chance that you could Yeah, that's yeah, I

Speaker  497728:00
don't know, yeah. I had never done DDP until this last year, and I didn't really know much about it. I definitely was a bit ignorant. And then one of the importers offered, oh, we'll just do this DDP, like this. I was like, Okay, that sounds great. And it wasn't until it showed up and someone was calling. They're like, Hey, where are you to receive this shipment? I'm like, What do you mean? It didn't have our address, right? It didn't have our business name. And I got there and we're unloading. I'm like, they're like, Oh yeah, I gotta I got a bunch of basketballs for you. I'm like, we don't have basketballs, yeah. And then I was like, Oh, now I start to understand what this is all about. And it was like, I had no idea that the way things could be done and the burner. And then I realized, like, the next shipment came in, and the company they were shipping to, and everything, nothing of it was the same. And so I think that's the that's the challenge with this thing is, depending on how they're doing, DDP, it could be so far as it's completely and totally nothing like what's actually in the shipment, and they're to a different company. And, you know, the risk then is, man, they, you know, say they flag, only 3% get caught. Like, are you one of the 97 that doesn't, or are you one of the three? And then it's, like, really ugly when you do. And I think that's the problem that everyone's playing with now, because I think some of the DDP is simple, they just undervalue it. It's pretty simple, but some of them is downright like, sketchy. Well,

Speaker  523418:40
yeah, that's my always been. My concern with it is they're, they're manipulating the tariff codes and the invoice amount, and then they're using their connections to get it pushed through China. But if it gets flagged in the US, that's where you'll you'll have problems. So I don't know. I don't use DDP personally. I've looked it into it, but I I like to control everything and know where it's at and everything. And the risk is, like Corinne said, is, yeah, it the other way. You don't have to be on the paperwork as much, but you know, if you don't get a shipment on time, you're out of luck. So I just if it costs me more, I'm willing to pay it. It's to me, it's not substantial for my stuff, but that I have some really small items, so I don't I'm not doing huge containers and things like that, like some some other people. So that's how I do mine.

Speaker  537413:20
So for me, we don't do it

Speaker  538101:20
besides the Lost side. So

Speaker  538805:20
statistical probability says that they only get a small percentage every year, but that's every year. The statute of limitations on this and don't go mix. I think it's four or five years that look back period. So what happens is, if anything ever gets caught, ever they can look back and charge you. And there's two, at least two levels, from my understanding, is the first is, if you honestly didn't know, if you honestly didn't know, you had absolutely no clue, then you just owe 100% of what you should have, probably these interest, things like that, if you should have known, and it's not that you did, it's that you should have known that something was a raw

Speaker  548512:00
person would know,

Speaker  549440:00
right? And it all, you know, and you're not you. This wouldn't be a doubt. It'd be a jury trial. This is a subjective to like, I got audited IRS, I proved them wrong over and over, which, by the way, just makes them more angry. So they just expand and expand. This was about 10 years ago. Definitely just let them have a win, right? Because it's all depends on what they can do, and they're going to find something eventually. So what had happened is an immediate manager I'd had at the time had died earlier in the year, so if I could not obtain a signed affidavit from him, I would have to forfeit the audit, you know, basically lose the audit. So they went, they just wait. They reopened it like two years in a row. So meaning you. So it all depends on the odds of who you get and how their day is going, what their personal life looks like, and their career life and their opportunity and what they want to do. And the audit ended up finally going to like the regional basically two three layers down from the top, just because I kept winning, and that proved it didn't matter if I was right or wrong. Didn't matter what the law said. It mattered what an individual and the government really wanted out of the whole thing for their career and them individually. So what ends up happening with this is, if a reasonable person, or if you should have known, or if you do know, then it's criminal charges, two years in prison, and the fines are huge, plus it's two or three times what the tariff would have been. So it ends up being the risk reward. I also like the saying, never risk what you have and need for what you don't have and don't need. So that's kind of where we made the decision to pivot. You know, we're pivot out of a lot of our product categories. We're going to shrink back down, restart and go again, because it's just not worth the risk to lose everything, you know, lose the house, lose the savings. I mean, jail time is probably improbable, but it's still not off the table. And so the risk is there, and it's not a matter of the record, the paper trail, it's whether or not you should have known, and ultimately, we're the ones finally receiving the goods, so we should know. So that's where the risk comes in. For me, personally, the risk just isn't worth it. Like it would be better to fold entirely, which I don't want to do, and we're not going to do, but that would be better. But there's other options. There's pivoting to other countries. There's, you know, just paying the extra tariff for a period of time until they either go away or don't. But it buys time. There's getting inventory levels down lower. There's also, without changing it too long, there are ways to lower your your what you actually the amount that the valuation is like if you own the mold that you own, if they're offering financing terms, certain raw materials. There's all these bits and pieces that can lower the amount of what you're actually paying fob or X works that are legitimate. And so there are definitely ways to lower that, because basically, let's say it's $1 a unit, but really about 3040, cents isn't really part of that unit. So it's all that extra stuff. It's the interest they're charging to hold it instead of pre paying. It's the mold charges, the errors, the inspection that you pay, the sales commissions, needs to be an arm's length, which means a different company. But there's lots of these legitimate ways to cut it back. And if you went from $1.50 I mean, the tariff essentially goes from 100% to 50% you know, because it cuts off the second last if the costs of goods aren't that high, this is a lot of effort to avoid that upfront tariff fee when I mean, for us, our margins are tiny and our costs are like 20 30% so the tariffs go to 60% of our revenue, which isn't impossible, but if your costs are a lot smaller compared to the revenue, be careful not to put too much time and effort into this is my recommendation, so that Amazon's fees and storage and all that other are much higher percentage. And so to focus on that instead, yeah,

Speaker  611152:00
I mean, I would be interested. Daniel, who do you use, like to figure out? I've never heard about this, like, it makes a lot of sense to you know, the sales, let's say the cost of the item versus the that there might be an interesting way to lower the cost of the item, you know, taking in sales fees and storage and all that kind of stuff. Do you have any specific recommendations, or somebody you work with that might be able to help with

Speaker  618021:20
that? On research? I've got a list the the two primary levers we have were that the second is, anything you export out, if anyone sends their stuff back out to Amazon, Canada, or any of that, there's a there's a look back, or a chargeback. Can't remember what the term exactly, but basically you get that tariff back 100% and it goes back several years. You can do that. So there's a couple ways like that, but I can send you. I'll send in the chat, the the links to the to the law that shows the pieces that you're allowed to exclude. But,

Speaker  625712:00
yeah, it would be fun. I mean, because, because is it arbitrary? Like, how would I prove, like, I wonder, how is it arbitrary? How would I prove what their sales fee versus the cost of the good actually is? Or did you work with a law firm to come up with that that you just asked their supplier like needs

Speaker  630149:20
to be separated. So you'll have to have in writing a legitimate loan terms and things like that, that you work with the supplier to actually say, look, what am I charging? You know, you're obviously charging me interest. You know, it's already, already terms. Let's just make it formal. It's 10% a year, 15% whatever it is legitimately that you could reasonably do. So that's separate that. So every 100 grand I do, 15 grand is, is the interest to roll this first 12 months, or, you know, seven, five if it's going to roll for six things like that. And same with the sales commission. Is it an outside sourcing agent? Well, yeah, it is. So they should be getting commissions separate from the rest of the company. And I don't. Pay tariffs on their commission, but it needs to be line items, so separate it out. So,

Speaker  641424:00
so you just got so you had them make the invoice for you before you you did the flb shipment yours, or you didn't have your I guess whoever does your shipping do that. We

Speaker  644192:00
always separate them out anyway. So like, for example, anytime there's a mold fee, I always buy the mold 100% and it's mine. Don't charge it and keep it there. It's mine, you know, different things like that. And it's a separate invoice, so it's not a regular commercial invoice that you import. It would help, like interest and things like that. If they can separate them off entirely, that would definitely help, or they can just separate it on the commercial invoice itself.

Speaker  650965:20
Yeah, curious about that, because one of our items, we use the trading partner in Taiwan, and they own the mold for it. And, you know, we'd like to do our own at some point, but I know they have a bunch of markup on the item, and I'm a little curious if they're actually going to show me what that is, because when I go to them and say, Hey, I don't want to pay duties on the whole thing I need. I need, like, a bill of materials. Yeah,

Speaker  657472:00
so did you guys watch Brandon young last week? He did a a mobile call all about this. It's called first sale doctrine. So you submit two invoices to customs, the invoice that you pay to the supplier for you, like, your cost, and then your suppliers cost, and you only have to pay tariffs on your suppliers cost. But it takes, you know, you got to sit down with your supplier, and they've got to be willing to, like, work with you and tell you, like, what they pay for each component. And actually, you can declare it lower than what they actually pay, is what Brandon was saying, because customs is not going to audit or investigate your supplier, according to what Brandon said. So if you have components that, like, you pay $3 for, but you could buy, like, a cheaper version for, like $1 you can list $1 on the invoice, and so you can get it down a lot lower that way, and then, like, with the molds and stuff, but even still, like, it's it's still quite a bit more expensive than DDP. Just so you guys are aware, like, you can't, you can only get it down so low where it's still, like, reasonable that if you got audited, you'd be fine, but it's still more expensive than DDP. But

Speaker  677216:00
Corinne, why is DDP cheaper?

Speaker  678357:20
Uh, well, just like, I was comparing the quote I got versus like, calculations of, like, maybe, what

Speaker  680037:20
did they did? You ask them, What? What are they doing to get it so low? Like, what?

Speaker  681381:20
Yeah, but they don't tell you. It's like, it's like, their trade secrets, like, they, won't tell you what they do,

Speaker  683226:40
because they're they're breaking the law. There's no because we all paid the same so that's the risk, right? Is DTP will always be lower because they they game it. And then that's the added risk, I think that.

Speaker  686778:40
But if you guys want I'll put it in the chat a link to Brandon Young's call, because it's very detailed. It goes over all of the different like line items. You can reduce cost for with the components or with the mold or with whatever it is.

Speaker  690704:00
Yeah, I like what you did, Daniel, this, this financing and sales commission, if you separate that and just you can pretty much cut your cost of goods sold half and pay them a commission on top.

Speaker  694917:20
Actually, pretty genius. Apple isn't paying a giant markup on sales commission for the iPhone to be made, right? They're doing actual cost that gets crossed. And any financing they have to do, they have a separate holding company or separate finance company. You can negotiate

Speaker  698746:40
terms where you're like, hey, let me charge me interest on an invoice, but charge me a lot less for the product than it cost you to make. And, and you could literally go down and then just say you're going to carry me on terms and, and

Speaker  702570:40
in reality, they are, I mean, they're buying, like, I mean, a lot of our stuff's hardware, so, I mean, they're buying raw materials six months out, you know, machinery, things like that, so and they do, it was the carry terms, so it's pretty easy to separate. So that's actually

Speaker  705568:00
pretty, pretty genius to do that, I think. So I'm gonna try that.

Speaker  707760:00
Yeah, on, just, on, on, just to add on to what like you guys are saying, Daniel or about like, I've, we've been doing DDP for a while, and haven't been paying attention, because I didn't think the discrepancy was that large. But with the tariffs, obviously there's going to be more, you know, people, they're going to be, they're going to be to get their margins down, they're going to be, there's probably going to be breaking more rules. And that's why I started getting more worried about this problem. And I do, I guess my other fear is that the higher we nobody really knows what's going to happen. There's everybody has a point of view of what's going to happen with the tariffs. But you know, if they do end up staying, then there's probably going to be some there's going to be the greater incentive for them. And whoever you know, see the border, the you know, to have some software. To have a greater, a larger task force that's investigating people who are breaking the rules. So I think, like, you know, that's the other, my other, like your you know that what's it called, like, the cost benefit analysis that you were talking about, goes up as well, because there's a great in my like, I would think that they're there, there might be more scrutiny coming down the line if this stays.

Speaker  727237:20
I was watching a podcast with Howard lutnic Last night. He's like, Trump's number two guy, and he's basically the one in charge of this ers external revenue service. And he's like, he's like, I'm hiring the brightest minds to create AI driven software to get, like, like, the audits with the tariffs are going to ramp up, and they're going to be so much worse than they are right now. Like, so import what you can right now, but like, they're coming out with software that's going to just kick all of our butts. And so, yeah, I'm, I'm just like, it's scary. I'm just, I'm just trying to find a supplier outside of China, because it's just like, they're gonna crack down on everybody.

Speaker  739376:00
Yeah, yeah. I've been looking as well. I'm a little nervous about Vietnam, because it seems like everyone's going to Vietnam. The only upside is, I talked to someone from Vietnam this morning, and they were really clear, like, hey, we won't do re labeling. We won't do any of this. The government is really cracking down in Vietnam on these rules because I think they're afraid to lose their status with the US and just in general. So it seems like they're taking it really serious as well. You know, I would love to find something in Mexico like plastic injection molding, some of my wood brushes and some of those, I think, you know, because extended the supply sheet so much quicker as well. So I will tell you, we're at four, and that was kind of our time if we want to do kind of a wrap up. And then we'll get some polls out on this, but I'm glad we're digging into some conversations and this is all relevant. I will say my phone was blowing up a bit while on our call about, you know, Trump saying he's not going to fire Powell, and that there's leaked word that a deal might be coming. So, you know, who knows? By the time this recording gets sent out, it may not even matter. That's what we're facing. Anyone got anything they want to put out there as we wrap up,

Speaker  760293:20
it's great to meet all you. Yeah, yeah. I'm excited about this chapter, yeah.

Speaker  761797:20
And everyone reach out to other people that you know, you know, that are in your your local market, or if you're friends with people that are in our region, they're not on the call, reach out. Let's, let's use each other to help get the group together. Because I think once we get it together and get the relationships built and get some momentum, we'll be able to do some really fun stuff. Yeah,

Speaker  767802:40
one more. One more fast thought about the meetups. Like, I don't that's just for me personally, I think, like in person is obviously way more effective and and like, you get a lot more value. And obviously, since we're all in different states, that's a little harder, but I would be very interested. I know that that Ben's in Denver, in Colorado, I'm in Denver, or, like, for the people in Utah, you know, just to have in between every two, three months, or even more often, you know, I would be up to come to meet up, you know, locally as well. I think, you know, then you're able to forge those connections a little bit better. So that's just my personal

Speaker  778165:20
agreed. All

Speaker  779221:20
right, everybody, well, thank you for the first Rockies meetup call. Let's, let's get this thing going. We'll figure out an event for the summer and get a cadence going.

Speaker  781898:40
Awesome, exciting. Nice to meet you guys.

Speaker  783018:40
Thank you. See you later. Bye.
