MDS TikTok Channel Call
Date: July 24, 2025

Speaker  512:00
Here. Hey, Alex, I saw you coming in, but I Oh, here, you're sorry.

Speaker  2288:00
Let's see how we all doing.

Speaker  3264:00
Could be better. I don't know if you guys heard, but Hulk Hogan passed.

Speaker  4400:00
Oh, my god,

Speaker  4704:00
yeah,

Speaker  4928:00
first, Ozzie, now. Hulk Hogan. What's the point? Point of living?

Speaker  6213:20
Yeah, pretty wild man. And Hell yeah, brother,

Speaker  7397:20
yeah. He died of me a while ago. So it's all good.

Speaker  10181:20
See here, I'll give it a minute. Well, let's get some more people in here. But, uh, how's everyone doing? Mike, good to see you. Chad and good to see you again. Asshole, what's up? Brother? Hasan, yes. Oh,

Speaker  14138:40
what's up everybody? Oh, here, yeah,

Speaker  15274:40
good to see everyone. You're up too.

Speaker  16010:40
Yeah, man. I've also been helping a lot of people with their TikTok accounts, at least, so I know what everyone else is is

Speaker  17471:59
up to as well. Awesome, awesome. Yeah, that's the best.

Speaker  18640:00
Let's see here. I'm gonna switch my headset. Mm,

Speaker  22229:20
uh, all right. Um, Belen, do we have any announcements or anything that we need to do, or we're just good to go?

Speaker  24549:20
Um, I think we're good just, let's go.

Speaker  25701:20
Let's go. All right. Cool guys, welcome to our monthly TikTok channel, chat, seeing some familiar faces, good stuff. The more you just turn up to these things and keep learning, the faster things will start to pick up for you. We got Hasan here. He's the CO channel lead. Want to say, what up Hasan?

Speaker  30938:40
What's up? Guys excited to chat today? Yeah,

Speaker  31882:40
in case you guys haven't had a chance to see Hasan on on the previous calls, but he made it to the first few. But he's a busy guy, obviously, so it's good to have him here for sure. Hasan, you want to tell us what you've been up to lately?

Speaker  35456:00
Yeah, man. So I've been, everyone's been coming to me for advice on TikTok shop. So I've gotten to see like 1520, different accounts now, in the past, like three months and so couple of things that have really stood out to me are one similar to what's going on before. Hispanic videos tend to do extremely well. So if you guys aren't sending out, if you guys aren't sending out content to Hispanic creators it, they outperform dramatically, I think, relative to because you got to think about just supply and demand, huge Hispanic population, but not necessarily a ton of people that are like creating videos for that stuff, right? So that's still very true. That's still something a lot of people are under indexing for. So definitely recommend two I don't know if you talk, I don't know if you guys talked about this, the Jamie Max update on the last call, Alex, Have you guys talked about this?

Speaker  50128:00
Yeah, I think that's going to be probably the main topic of discussion today. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  51472:00
So I'll just, I'll just kind of introduce it. So back in the day, TikTok shop had, you know, video ads are called BSAS. They had the ability to select individual videos and then run those as ads, similar to how you would run a meta everything's changed now, and so now everything goes into one category called GMB max. So the way it works is you can either create a campaign for your whole business. What I recommend, depending on how excuse you have. What I recommend, though, is to create a campaign per product, and then you just set a roast target. And what it does is it pulls in all the videos that you either have the spark code for or the creator has already given access for. And what I if you haven't run them yet or have just started running them, what I usually recommend to people is just set a really high ROAs at first, and just lower it every day until you start getting spend. So we were in New York, I set someone's account up to 10x ROAs, and she immediately got spent. And then we just kept then she kept lowering it. As soon as the spend stalls, you just keep lowering it. Eventually, all things, you will end up at like a four or five. And if or if you want to be more aggressive, you'll end up by like a two or three, but in the meantime, you'll get a ton of sales. And that's just works. That's just like the formula. It's just like anything else there's it's pretty straightforward. You either have to create videos or you have to get influencers to create videos. There's only two ways around that. There's not, like, a third option, and then you turn on GMB Max, and that's it. There's not the other things that I think a lot of people miss out on, sign up for every campaign, because the badging on the campaigns is very, very and this is something that I just don't see everyone do. But when is there any campaigns going on right now?

Speaker  78970:39
Alex, feel like, Yeah,

Speaker  79514:40
show a screenshot of the badge, but if you guys don't know, so TikTok shop has campaigns, and then it's kind of like Prime Day deals, but your your product is gonna have a huge fucking badge around it that says, like, deals for you, or Halloween deals, or fucking Easter deals, whatever. It's huge badge shows a big discount, and your conversion rate skyrocket. So it literally every campaign that comes to my account, I've signed half of them, you can do, like, a $2 discount. You can still get a campaign badge for it. So every campaign that comes, you sign up, that's something that a lot of people don't do, and it kills your conversion rate. Second is, there's, like, these little missions, I don't know what they're called. I think they're called missions, right? And there's these little missions, you just sign up for them. They're like little tasks that TikTok is trying to get you to start off. And those missions give coupons to the users when they're browsing your shop. So the user will get $5 because TikTok shop will give them $5 for you completing your mission. They're super easy half the time. So this, I've had this just bring this all out, because I've had this conversation like 15 times in the past, like three weeks. So step one, get a bunch of fucking videos made by yourself or by someone else. Step two, campaign, sign up for every campaign. Step three, do all your missions. Step four, turn on GME Max. I think it's pretty much all I got, because I've just been running through a lot of people, getting them started for the first time. So I just wanted to give that run through any thoughts. Alex, good

Speaker  102645:20
stuff, man, yeah. And I think it's kind of crazy how often I have a conversation with someone who's struggling and they haven't even tried GC Max yet. And I was like, Well, how many videos do you have out there? A couple 100. Is kind of crazy on that. Yeah. Like, this is, this is no longer I mean, last year, maybe a year and a half ago, you know, we were all excited because people were going viral, and all these cells are coming in for free. But those those days are over. This is just like Amazon is pay to play. It's like you would never try launching on Amazon without running sponsored ads. The same thing applies here with with TikTok shop. The cool thing is, it's pretty freaking easy. Yeah, you might be like, Well, I feel like it's not doing that good of a job, because this one particular video I freaking love, and it's not giving it any juice. But I don't know. I think TikTok knows better than we do as far as what videos

Speaker  116544:00
are. There's also on that note, something about the algorithms. Preston has pointed this out. Preston, who's much smarter than both docs and on TikTok, but he he can't run the calls, but he's pointed out that there's two algorithms. There's a shop algorithm, and then there's an organic feed algorithm. This is super important TikTok report. Yeah, TikTok will test like you'll put a product up, and if it's a shopping link, for example, it will probably test your product out to the people that tend to shop, and it will see if it can go viral there. But if you put up a video without a shopping, for example, then it will it might just test. There's, like, a group of people that watch content, and there's group people that shop. And so the group people that just like to watch and share content they like increase virality. And TikTok like hasn't bucketed into two different algos,

Speaker  127962:40
right?

Speaker  128154:39
And so it will attempt the initial algo of getting your product to go viral. But for example, you might have a video that has 3 million views and like, 25 sales, or whatever, and or zero sales, yeah. Then you pop over, then you pop open the GMV Max, and it will force the videos into a shopping algorithm of people that tend to buy products. And Now, granted, that doesn't mean your 3 million few videos kind of generate sales. It just might not be a good video generate sales. But I'm just saying that, like, if all your products are

Speaker  136261:20
going to improve, it'll

Speaker  136517:20
improve. Yeah, if all your products are being tested in the organic algorithm, bring them over to the shop, and you might have the call. You might have the opposite, which is what happened to us, which is a video might only have 20,000 views you put into the shop, and it blows up like that happened to us twice now. So no views. We got the spark code, we put it into the GME Max, and that video blows up because it was better for selling than it was for organic content,

Speaker  142362:40
right? I had posted in the channel a chat how that exact thing happened to one of our videos. It had 400,000 views, zero sales. The second he turned on affiliate mass marketing, the GM, GMB Max picked it up, and then they got three cells and 6000 views. So all sudden, got a sale per 2000 views, when the first 400,000 views has zero sales. So that tells me, yeah, it's definitely giving the views to a more likely to buy segment of TikTok. So if you're not running GMB Max, because you're feeling like, Well, why would I run GMV Max? None of nothing has sales. But that's that's that's the wrong way to think about it. You need to turn on GMV Max. I

Speaker  156218:40
have a question about this. Alex, good to see you.

Speaker  157194:40
Hasan,

Speaker  157962:39
so are you guys recommending that some videos be run without a shop link? What? How does, what's the benefit of running videos without a shop link?

Speaker  161520:00
People have different ideas on this. I've heard some people say you should balance them back and forth. I think partially because then your account can be fed into two different hardware, like two different segments of people. But I've seen plenty of accounts do only shopping can do really well. I don't know if you heard, but everyone's got, everyone's got their own personal opinion on this. I don't think there's like a consensus on it. Yeah, I

Speaker  167733:20
think it kind of depends on what kind of bandwidth you've had. You have a big enough team to be pumping out pop of funnel content, so content that isn't so in your face, like, buy my shit. But just like, kind of talks about the product. If you have the bandwidth to put those kind of videos out and don't tag shop, I think that content is great. It still talks about the product, still talks about how awesome it is, but it's not like, really in your face, like, you know, here sale, buy it now it's running out, and then, yeah, you can go, you can go viral with that stuff, and it's a touch point for for that consumer who will eventually buy on the fourth or fifth view. So there's a really good presentation in the MDS. Actually just copied and pasted and sent it to another friend that rafay gave on the whole top of funnel. If you guys haven't watched that yet, I'll put it in the chat. Definitely pin this and watch this. This is my only case for for not tagging is if you do, you can

Speaker  183205:20
also, you can still tag a product after, right? You can still go back and tag a product after, I forget if you if they disable that or not. Um,

Speaker  185621:20
can, can you do that? I know creator. Creators can, but maybe brand owners can,

Speaker  187594:40
I'm not sure.

Speaker  188042:40
Or did they bring that? Did they reintroduce that? Because I know it was a pain, as in the past, if anyone has the answer, that was we

Speaker  190794:40
actually running this issue, deciding which product to add or not part link. What we realized is some of music won't work if we tag the product and someone don't. I was wondering if anyone knows line, or if any music audio actually helped the conversion or not, like picking in the picking the trending song or or not trending songs,

Speaker  197701:20
I personally have not seen songs make a big difference when it comes to shot videos. Most shot videos that I've seen do really well. Tend to talk about the product, so you can't really put a background song in there. I don't think Alex, you might disagree with me, but I don't know if I've seen many you've seen videos go viral. If I've seen videos generate sales that don't have people talking, or ASMR, one of the two, if you have music in it, it tends to be more of an organic content video.

Speaker  206138:40
Yeah, when I first started doing this, I don't know if it was working or not, but I would just choose those trending songs, add them to the video and, like, put them, like, the volume practically off, like you can barely hear it. It was just to see if I was tricking the algorithm, because it was a viral, viral music.

Speaker  211408:00
But I assume the reason you're having that problem, Greg, is, I assume there's some songs that are not cleared for commercial purposes. That's that's why the issue is happening. If you add a product shop LinkedIn, the video is for commercial purposes. And I think that song, I was just not cleared for that, okay, right?

Speaker  216981:20
Hey, Hasan, have you come across an issue of like, um, you create a GMB Max campaign for single SKU. That's important to you guys. I'm not sure if you heard Hasan say that, but make sure you turn you create a campaign for each SKU, and then, you know, you have 100 videos drop that week. But for some reason that the GMB Max just isn't quite picking those up. That was in the past. Jimmy

Speaker  224464:00
Max is, I don't know if you've seen it's doing a new thing now, where it will, it will bucket the videos into four segments. And the segments are, hold on. They do like a testing phase,

Speaker  228640:00
delivering, yeah,

Speaker  228928:00
it goes out of, it goes out of learning in like seconds, like the and it just goes immediately into not delivering. So we are, like, delivering is like 2% of videos now 1% of videos, it like, takes, like, almost no products into delivering. It goes from learning straight to, I don't think they have like, a rejected one, but yeah, it just goes away from learning pretty quickly.

Speaker  237242:40
Do the new videos get there kind of time to get reached? Then are you seeing that? I

Speaker  238666:40
think it's like meta, yeah. I don't know if a lot of you guys do meta advertising, but you know, if you are trusting metas algo, they'll put like, five cents into it, to it, and they'll turn it off. I think TikTok is doing the same thing, which

Speaker  242816:00
becomes a challenge, though, because then you get fresh content, and it's not getting like, it's it's kind of time to turn on, because there's already a performing asset in there,

Speaker  245669:20
that's yeah, and there's no way to force it, unlike TikTok, because now we have GMB Max, I don't think there will be a resolution on this. I think TikTok is telling you to trust Iago, and I'm not sure. I mean, I have seen videos in my GMB Max. I'll give you an example. My GMB Max is very anchored by one video. I've had one video generate 70% of my sales for over, like 12 months now it's still, it's still running. It's the same fucking video. I think it's up to like 70 million views at this point. Like it just gets insane, not really sales, but it's just been one video. But I have seen other videos like wave in and out over time. So if that gives you an answer, like, the other videos have taken the top spot from this thing and gotten spent, and then when they died out, they just died out. So it is allowing other like, even though this one video is most of the spent, it is allowing other videos to have a chance. I just think the other videos aren't performing as well. Who was

Speaker  262005:20
it? Was it? Alex, are you? Hasan, who are saying, like you're taking new creators, you take 15 you turn GMV Max off for the purpose of getting, like, fifth a read on 50 bucks and then shifting, yeah, but

Speaker  265445:20
that's gone. Now, I did that, but it's gone. Jamie max is the only way to run ads. Now it's just off. I mean, the nice thing is now we don't have to have these conversations about what could work.

Speaker  268938:40
I feel like that was a way to figure this out. I just didn't want to figure it out. So now it's just it's gone. So we don't have to worry about it anymore. So reach I was thinking about, like, would it make sense? And I had done this a couple of times, but now I'm noticing, like, when you restart a GMV Max campaign, it kind of takes so long to start back up that I'm wondering if this is the wrong approach. But I was basically, you know, letting a GMV Max campaign run for a couple of weeks. You know, eventually you get down to a row as that you don't like, pause it and then create a brand new one, basically with the exact same thing, and do it all over again, in the hopes of kind of just Giving everything another chance, another shot, maybe picking up some of the newer videos even faster. What are your thoughts on that Hasan, does that make any sense? Or

Speaker  283690:39
I don't know if it will make a difference. I have turned I have created new GME Max campaigns. What I did was I just lowered my ROAs to like, point five and then popped it back up to 2.5 and that did get sense that I think

Speaker  287706:40
Alex, I did this following our call last month and basically created all new campaigns, and definitely lowering ROAs bumps it. But the key is, when you introduce a new campaign, it introduces new videos that aren't necessarily in the mix for one reason or another, and some of those have gotten traction. So it did

Speaker  294005:20
introduce new videos. When you create a new campaign,

Speaker  294709:20
it did. It did. So we got, we we definitely got more spend and more revenue out of it. I mean, we saw definitely a drop in performance to a degree, but we got more spend and more sales ultimately. So I think it did achieve the achieve the goal

Speaker  298709:20
is the new campaign at a lower ROAs than the original campaign.

Speaker  299722:40
I started them at the same ROAs and saw additional new kind of videos cycling in that had not been cycled in, even though they were a little bit older.

Speaker  302634:40
Interesting, interesting. I might try that. I'll report that. I'll turn off my campaign today, and then I'll turn on you. I would recommend, though, if you're going to turn on a new one, you should do it when there's a campaign running, I think, or if you have a flash sale, because that gives a new campaign the best chance to get it off the ground. But there's really only those two variables, right? You can either turn it off or you can lower the robot threshold. But I have heard a lot of people, they'll lower their roast special to like point one or point two, and they'll do it for like two days and then raise it back up. And that has work.

Speaker  311285:19
Wow, yeah, that's good idea too.

Speaker  312597:20
Is anyone doing anything interesting on TikTok shop that they want to share? I'm curious to hear from people

Speaker  314069:20
have two questions. Alex, you want to talk about this? I definitely want to talk about wealth builders. Like, how do you utilize them? I'm I'm losing out on them. I have a couple of friends here that's in the same that there's a lot of hand holding. But Hasan, yeah, ears, hello. But as Hey, man, what's working this one awesome lady and wealth builders. She's a hustler. She got on the goalie training discord where you have to bang out one video a day, go on two calls a week, and her GMV, or her commission and bonus last month was 10 grand, and this month is 10 grand. And what's really working for them are quizzes, meaning, oh, I don't have it, but it's literally them recording. They have a couple of questions with, you know, choice eight, multiple choice questions, like, what's good for your stomach, you know, it's, it's, it's probiotics, what's bad for your stomach, sugar, this, and that, it's very easy to do. And, you know, she got like, 3 million views. Then, like you were saying, it came in waves. Now she's at 15 million views. Of course, goalies running ads behind and some other stuff is using, like colored water, like a balloon, and bursting them on their lap, of things. So if you go to goalie, go to callada, see the top videos, but quizzes where it's just,

Speaker  336704:00
is it a lot of text on the screen as soon as the video pops up? No interesting

Speaker  338031:59
options. I think, I mean, we're so, I'm so, we're so used to it, I don't even notice the captions anymore. So that's a good question. But one has captions. They don't use music, but it's the first, like two, three seconds, where they pop a water balloon with colored water in it. Or they have like, this is good for your gut, so in a cooler, they have a container of just water, and they're throwing in like a pizza or mementos. Or, you know, you use lotion for your skin, and they squeeze lotion in there. But honestly, just go to goalie. Do call it data. You'll see the top videos. And what they do is they had a leader that used to sell electronics, and he thought that was the way to go, and then he switched to goal, and he's made, like, $75,000 commissions one month. And all this is their viewpoint is this, try these crazy, eye catchy stuff. And let's say your average views are 400 and if you get something that's 5000 or 3000 stick with it. Do different formats, like with the quizzes, it would be like a orange marker, then she'll do again with a pink marker. And what you would do is like, the first half is going through the quiz, and the second half is going over the product, like, what's so great about it? So the second half is just the same video that's recut with the first half with a different quiz. So I'm sure, Alex, you've seen those. I'm not sure, maybe, but that's it. And right now, just following goalie and what's working for them and just copying it. But I'm surprised. It's a great idea. Anybody could do it. But what makes her awesome? She does one video a day, and she she teaches herself, man, so you can learn something on it age. But then now the second question is about wealth builders, so I don't know. Yeah, which one you want to go? Yeah, I've seen the goalie stuff. It's pretty crazy how that works. The food coloring ones and the cups, and I think at the whole pitch is like, you know, use this product for this situation. Use this part this issue. You can go out and buy all these products, or you can just buy call. We can Yes, I think that's yeah, yeah. Those are doing really well. The wealth builder situation? Yeah, no, I feel you. I've been trying to set up a time to get in touch with Randy and kind of figure out what, what we can do here. Because, yeah, I mean, I think in the end, it's, it's, it's mostly that app is just not good. And not only do we know it's not good as brand owners, but even the creators know it's not good. So they're never in there. You know, they just don't, I see you probably post the most in their Faisal, and the engagement is just, is terrible. Like, I thought I was getting bad engagement, because I kind of went MIA for a little bit and but then when I saw your engagement, the way you were trying to engage and just knowing, and these people are nice as hell, like, like, the engagement. If you were to email all these people, this stuff, like, they would all reply, right? So it's they're just not in the app. They're not getting notifications. It just doesn't work. So they're over it. So we need to figure something out on that end. Because I do feel like, as far as the type of creators these people are, it's a little gold mine. As far as you know, just how well they would convert if they could be on the same page. And, you know, doing willing to entertain the idea of maybe posting every day for 30 days, like a lot of them don't want to do that. But if they realize that that's where the money's at. Maybe they would so there needs to be some more training, and there needs to be a better system for us as brand owners to communicate with them. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna talk to Randy about that soon. I know he's kind of stressing about it too. He's reached out to me a couple times to be like, we got to fix this. He gets bummed out when, when people cancel. So, so he cares for sure. So hopefully we can get to the bottom of this. Well, the one thing is, for example, Jason, I don't think he's part of it anymore, like he came in for a month or so, he's out. But the one thing I see, and maybe Hasan could pop in on this, because he's worked with a lot of creators, I think the reality is, with 100 creators, you'd have one or two, you know, good ones. The other one is no, if that's a rule of thumb, because I'm having problem with the quality of videos, like I'm training them, like, hey, look, here's the other like, beef liver competitors, like top videos, copy, here's the copy, the hook and everything. You know, I just don't, I don't like it's, it's, it's very taxing on time, you know, I haven't yet, but just to train them to interact with them, I do email them. Maybe my fly right from this 50% but, you know, I have a product that's very unique, versus like, Hey, I'm selling wind chimes and whatnot. I don't know, in your opinion, of all the creators you have, you know, how many are rock stars? And what percentage is that? And then, second, it's on me as well. Like my brand, like, is not as strong as your brand, right? Because they go on Amazon. They got sales velocity, so the stickiness is there. But definitely for me, it's been a lot of, like, chasing them down. I've been doing the videos I've offered like, $7,000 in prizes. I'm Look, these are the top videos with the hook. And, you know, I'm getting maybe 10% of people actually doing anything. And when they do do it, they're like, so, so videos,

Speaker  426613:19
anytime, anytime we've gotten with like, All right, so when we started the products we go, we always go with the mass sample solution. Anytime we work with the large quantity of creators, it's never worked for us. I think it's not necessarily the case that it always doesn't work. I have a friend that just launched two months ago, and he's already doing 100k GMV, and we walk through it. I think there's only two approaches. I think you have to go all in, he copied the goalie model, and he is giving away a car in, like, the next three months at this point, because, like, someone has gotten that much GMV. I think you either have to go so big, similar to goalie, where the prizes are so outlandish, that you get the high quality creators to come to you right, like you have to get them to want to participate and be a part of this. You need that level of massive scale. I don't want to do that because I don't have an LTV product. Without an LTV product, the whole conversation becomes moot. I just started approaching creators myself, like, I Scout my creators now we work with three, and it's just works better. It just works better. It's really, really fucking hard to get them to commit though, like, I had one that she was I was like, she's gonna be a rock star. Should be locked in. Then she went on vacation, her husband got, uh, sick, and then her mom got sick, and she like, that's gonna happen. And so we're still working through that, but I think that just tends to work better when you're smaller, if you're big enough, or if your box is LTV, or you're an omnichannel, or you're in retail, and you can offer the quarter million dollar prizes. I think that works. Otherwise, I just don't think it works, and I prefer to go with, like a scout, two or three creators, and it doesn't like, this is the hard part. This is why I don't want, I have to tell you guys that it's not an easy solution, but it's like networking. Like, it's like getting building relationships, right? It might be local, like, you might be trying to build relationships, like local college kids and universities nearby, like you really got to hustle and grind your way through this and figure out, like, who's gonna be the face, or who's gonna be the one or two people that's gonna elevate it? That's my that's my thoughts on it.

Speaker  456277:20
Yeah, that's what I've been thinking that because I have a very niche, niche product, I need to find somebody already in that niche that's willing for their face behind it, you know? So, yeah, I don't disagree. I don't know if you want to talk about the product of your friend who's doing 100,000 GMV, but is it sort of a supplement, or

Speaker  460522:40
is it so it's a supplement. It's

Speaker  460906:40
always repeat by, okay, cool.

Speaker  461434:40
Yeah. The thing is, the supplement guys, like, if you have LTV, you can afford to pay, you know, if you, if you do the math on the Goldie stuff, right? It's a one to one, like ignoring the sexiness or fascist to the car. It's a simple mathematic. It's like a simple math equation. They're just doing it at a 1x ROAs. Or, I think I've been like point eight last time I did the math. I forget exactly. Um, it's time. Including costing goods we can't do unless you're in supplements. You can't do that. I also don't know, by the way, if their match shakes out. My My suspicion, although I don't have any math to back it up, is that the LTV of a TikTok shop sale buyer is not going to be as high as an Amazon buyer. So I don't know if these guys have financially mild I mean, I'm sure they're financially milded out I don't know if they're going to see their expected outcomes over the next couple years. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe the maybe the TikTok buyer is just a strong LTV, but I just don't personally think so.

Speaker  475354:39
Yeah, I think their main objective is to just get as much extra traffic on Amazon as possible. TikTok is the way to get the eyeballs and and then if you can get some sales on TikTok to help pay for that. Great. Yeah, that you know that they're just trying to, they see these cells boost, you know, branded search volume. They see that on Amazon, and that's the part that's that's the numbers that we can't see, you know? So I'm sure the other argument is too, like with Roosevelt. I know many of us know Roosevelt, they're doing crazy beetroot, but what they're doing is on TikTok, they're selling the freaking thing for like, 999, 799, while Amazon's 2499 so maybe because of the TikTok customer base, they want cheap, you know, Team type of prices, right? They want them, right? So I'm also saying then that low 999, price point will improve conversions. The better the conversions, the more likely for it to go viral. So when it goes viral, they might be losing money on on TikTok, once you factor in commissions and shipping 999, I mean, even if you're making it for $2 you're probably losing money. But they're 2499 on Amazon, and they're selling 2000 models a day, so it just completely makes up for it. Yeah. So you know, maybe I'm not maybe it's wrong to blame wealth builders too much. It might be that maybe my product price point is not TikTok friendly, so maybe I'll do like a flash sale where I'm selling my product, which retails for 41 bucks. Do it for 1299, 999, just for one week, and see what happens. And maybe that will change the dynamics

Speaker  501040:00
that will happen if you do a flash sale, a huge discount, you will get pick up traction, for sure. Maybe did a few times, and it worked really well. You also, like you, you should lower the robot threshold, like, right around the same time, like, you force a change in the GMB at the same time as you have a flash sale. So it like, tries to redo the algo that works really well. Okay,

Speaker  507514:40
cool. So lower your JNV Max, ROAs goal or a

Speaker  508922:40
new campaign, just like try to force a change in the algo at the same time, you run a massive flash sale.

Speaker  510682:39
All right, that's good idea like that. You know, I

Speaker  511466:40
think of it as like a kind of a double funnel, where Amazon sits and D to C sits below, where, if you look at the CAC, the cost to acquire new customer through meta tiktoks, less than a third of the CAC. And so putting products in hands, that's how I see. It's like you can actually lose sale. I mean, it's always LTV, right? If you can get a repeat purchase, but if I can get under a third on the CAC, then Amazon is actually a little bit higher. You're, you're basically winning on the math on the repeat purchase LTV. It's huge.

Speaker  521301:20
Yeah, if you have a, if you have an LTV product, for sure, that's the key

Speaker  522277:20
part of it. But, but then you go out and, like, create an awareness, the best brand impressions, putting

Speaker  523610:40
the product in hand. I mean, if you have a key, if you have an LTV product, you you spend every dollar on TikTok you can, like, you lose every dollar you can, because it helps your retail. You go to retail accounts right now, and they ask you every two different questions you have, you know, we've had, we've had these conversations with buyers now, yeah, they're asking us, can generate TikTok compressions with your product? Because they don't want to. They don't want you. If you can't. Yeah, no, all categories, but a lot of categories. For sure, we just had a project get eight products into Target, like last week, because every product they put on target, every product they've put so far on TikTok, has gone viral. I don't necessarily think all eight of these products will go viral, but just the potential of them going viral is all all target needed to hear.

Speaker  535477:20
That's straight up what Bloom's done, right? Like they became number one sub through Target, and it's all based on views, and they correlate views to sell through. And it's it's worked.

Speaker  539413:19
Cool. By the way. One one note I wanted to make earlier we talked about the quiz stuff. I'm in Toys and Games, so it's and like, I'm in a weird niche on TikTok, not a very big one. Everyone's focused on supplements. But I get to see, like, interesting things because I'm in it. One thing I always want to try to point out, if something fucking works. I swear to God, if you don't replicate that 5000 times, you're a moron. I've seen one of my friends. He's had the same style of video. He's now on his 200th video, and it's exact. Every single video has been the same exact style 200 times, and it's been over a year and a half, and they're still getting like, a million views. It's not going to end. He has no he's going to do it until the day he dies, probably 30 years from now, if this thing, if this thing, if that one style of video still works, that's what he's going to publish every single day, and his people get his feed. It's just that video. Every single image is the same. Every single it's just that video over and over and over. It's not gonna stop. So if you have any video that went viral and it's even remotely replicable, like, just don't stop. Don't get creative. Don't get I've seen so many idiots get, like, I want to be more creative with no just fucking same video, try something new right over and over, like, until, like, literally one every day, forever, until it stops. And even if it stops two or three times, there's like, a low sometimes I'll pick back up again.

Speaker  560154:40
Has anyone messed around with a new feature, the creative boost feature in gnV, Max,

Speaker  561760:00
no Toor, I still don't really understand what it does. It helps you, it helps you force to spend onto a specific video, right? I guess at a key time,

Speaker  563728:00
right?

Speaker  563919:59
But, yeah, do that if your practice not getting spent, if it's not getting spend, right now.

Speaker  566133:20
I think, yeah, I think it's just like, if you're happy with the it is getting spent, it is getting impressions and sales. But for some reason, you just don't trust the algo to give it more. You can set it up to basically guarantee to spend a certain amount per day on that video. And I think that whatever you set it to. So let's say you see a video, your budget for the day is 500 and you set someone up to be guaranteed 50. It adds 50 to your budget, so it doesn't guarantee 50 out of the 500 now your budgets 550 so be careful with that if you start assigning spend to some of these. But yeah, I'm curious if anyone's had any luck with

Speaker  579663:59
that. I've given that a shot on, like, on a bunch of campaigns, and hasn't really done anything. And yeah, and you know, you don't get the direct attribution for for what you're spending on it, but it looks like conversions or whatever good, or rather, the click through rates dropped off. But I don't know. I just haven't done it in enough scale,

Speaker  585349:20
right?

Speaker  586117:20
The click through rates, you drop off as soon as you try to force spend on anything, the click through rates drop off pretty quickly.

Speaker  587978:40
Yeah,

Speaker  588250:40
that's like, the biggest issue we have with it.

Speaker  590042:40
Has anyone found, like, the proper app to do the P L, so we're using, we were using true profits, but it's not very accurate. That's and like, similar to seller board or something, but we're still searching, but nothing that at least it's a bit accurate, like 90% accurate,

Speaker  595872:00
because we do it through Shopify. It's not very accurate. Our possibilities

Speaker  597701:20
all over the place. Shopify, yes, but for example, we are in the FBT now. We're shipping everything to us, and we try to find, like a find a good PNL tool that to be at least accurate. But we've not been successful so far. We're just doing it manually, and instead of paying in the ass to our colleagues for that.

Speaker  604234:40
Has anyone tried Hernandez the was it hive HQ? Does that work?

Speaker  605866:40
I know has a profit app specifically,

Speaker  606634:40
yeah, yeah. It's for it's like a seller board for TikTok. It's called hive HQ. I, you know, I think last I heard it was pretty good, you know, a few glitches, but that was in Vegas when the last time I heard someone might have been having a little bit of an issue with it. So that was four months ago, okay, maybe,

Speaker  612800:00
oh, they combined the affiliate bot with a profit dashboard. Interesting, yeah,

Speaker  614325:19
yeah,

Speaker  614613:20
we've not been able to connect the US market on that only Asia and Europe on hive, HQ, that Fernando,

Speaker  617013:20
really, yeah,

Speaker  617477:20
but the last time we tried it was like three weeks ago. More longer, two weeks ago.

Speaker  619770:40
So it's just like, just bugging out,

Speaker  620266:40
yeah, but the thing is that we're in Europe, and we tried with VPN and that where maybe our colleague in US can try it out.

Speaker  624090:40
That's the only one I know about. I

Speaker  624784:00
mean, I know a lot of people are working on one, but I haven't heard of any good ones. I'm sorry. Wish I had, yeah, it's something that someone's got, someone here should fucking build one. It is kind of a bitch I have looked at, like the back end reports and API connections and like, it's fucking messy. Affiliate stuff really makes it

Speaker  630373:20
messy. I'm, I know the guy that built seller board, and I asked him, and he said that the API on TikTok, it's very messy. Yeah, it's pretty bad. It's, it's, it's very messy. And it's, it's extremely difficult to do something that's stable. And also a lot of them, they don't want to invest so much time and resource in building a PNL tool and all these tools when they don't know for a fact what's going to happen with TikTok, especially, like few months ago. Yeah,

Speaker  638266:40
I'm kind of just holding my breath for when software does it, because I just trust them

Speaker  640154:40
every week, like they're like the best PNL tool out there. So if the software

Speaker  641232:00
is so good, it's actually like I get angry when people recommend other things, like people should not be using anything

Speaker  642832:00
else. I have a question, sure, yeah, um, I was wondering if, how you guys think about like a top funnel brand awareness, video versus conversion. What's the ratio for your account? Like, because right now, we just 100% on brand awareness, like, just, like, getting not tried to sell, just, you know,

Speaker  649013:20
I do 100% shop videos personally, but that's because, like, I don't me personally. I don't feel like I have much to What Kind Of Products Do you still

Speaker  651194:40
wear? I said footwear. So work boots?

Speaker  652026:40
Yeah, no, you can get really creative with that stuff,

Speaker  652778:40
because what we've been doing right now recently just giving boots away to people on the street, we actually film it. Yeah,

Speaker  655434:40
that's cool. That's

Speaker  655866:40
hard working and just kind of just finding people, and it's hard to find people, actually. People were just scared to get but yeah, at Terminal actually, we get in decent view and share, so we're going to replicate that more. But I guess my question is, like, how long do we do that, like, like brand awareness and versus like conversion, like, well,

Speaker  662709:20
how, why haven't you just tried one of those videos? Yeah,

Speaker  664181:19
we just actually tried yesterday. There's nothing going on. Like, you know, with that shopping, with the brand awareness,

Speaker  665989:20
you try the shop. Link with

Speaker  666405:20
the video, yeah, the Brain Awareness, yeah, just I tried it yesterday. That's why I have question. I figured, oh, the music is mute, like, like, the at least certain background music is not

Speaker  669338:40
right. They made it the music on here, yeah. So, yeah. I mean, I think there needs to be some kind of ratio, top of funnel. There's also middle of funnel, and then there's, you know, the bottom of funnel. The the link that I dropped in the chat to Rafa his presentation, lays it all out for you you could do, keep doing what you're doing, all top of funnel brand awareness content and let the creators worry about tagging the product. But you just need to, obviously, you need to make sure you have affiliates out there tagging your product. Do you know you have that? Are you getting shoppable videos posted?

Speaker  682485:20
Yeah, okay, the shop. Okay, cool. But just we haven't spent we given samples are just like, not too crazy, just kind of test the market right now. And so the majority focus is like a burn awareness. So I can

Speaker  686746:40
see, yeah, if you have all of those affiliates kind of on board with your strategy, right, let them know, like, Hey, this is our account. This is our official account. Check out our top of funnel videos and play off of this. Then I can see that working if that's what you really want to do. But I don't see any reason why you wouldn't do maybe 50% brand awareness, 50% shoppable videos, because all those sales you get on your own account, you don't pay commission on. I mean, there's just so much potential there.

Speaker  695429:20
Question also, have you seen when you're when your brand awareness videos go viral? Do you see an uptick in sales on Amazon

Speaker  697749:20
a little bit? But now,

Speaker  698181:19
nothing crazy,

Speaker  698389:20
nothing crazy like nothing I was like, Oh, shit,

Speaker  699418:40
your your branded search. Are you watching? Is the branded search increasings? Yeah,

Speaker  700938:40
I'm working on this week, just so we just started the maybe a month ago, and just tried to replicate, try to because it takes a lot of work to do shoot content on our own, like, really, like planning, and we try to figure out what the resource we need to focus on, right, like brand awareness or, like promotion video. So I just hire in house production person, and

Speaker  708240:00
I just add two cents of been a part of, like, some marketing mix models, right all the way to like Boston Consulting Group down to like your triple whales, and there's definitely a positive correlation of like the views and ultimately the sales across multiple channels. So as you hit consistent scale, you should see branded search coming up, which will translate to sales. But then, if you're like, producing that content, ultimately, can you put some money behind it to get the right scale out of each right content piece? I don't know if anyone's dealt with wop. I'm trying to, like a clipping platform where you can put a CPM people clip and then sort of syndicate out for pretty cheap, trying to figure that one out. But Is anyone dealing with wop? W, H, O, P, no. Okay. It's like taking the creator or your own content and then you put it, and they just clip it, and then you're like, hey, dollar 50, CPM, so you can get more reach. But it's the other piece. If you have D to C, put a post purchase survey in. And sometimes you can get TikTok, yeah. Like, Hey, I heard about it on TikTok.

Speaker  730661:20
Yeah, that's good point. Hey,

Speaker  731050:40
Greg, are you in LA, Los Angeles?

Speaker  731658:39
Yes. Oh, I'm in Orange County. Have you Well, I'm

Speaker  732666:40
sure Orange County is the same. But have you thought about going to, like, a house construction site where there's like, eight or, you know, five, six guys, something like that, and then giving them the work boot?

Speaker  735226:40
We tried that, but it's actually harder that way, because usually big construction sites, they it's not owned by small business, right? So that they have a lot of restrictions. Like, you know, like, company doesn't allow any visitor there for a safety issue and stuff like that.

Speaker  739472:00
Oh, really, I was just thinking, yeah, like, they're someone building a house next door or just down the street from me, and there's guys there six days a week, like, you know, they get there like six o'clock in the morning, and they leave at like four. And I just thought, you know,

Speaker  743813:20
yeah, I want to double click on the Hasan said earlier that Hispanic creator, we're actually doing everything Hispanic, like Spanish, right?

Speaker  746277:20
Yeah. Just well, for that. Every, without, without being accidentally racist, every, every label that I print out is a Hispanic name on my sales, every single one,

Speaker  749738:40
oh, wow,

Speaker  749962:40
yeah. Like 90, 95%

Speaker  750922:40
are you are the videos that are going to save

Speaker  751418:40
money, the only

Speaker  751626:40
one, the only one that's created any like more than one sale is a guy that is is Hispanic, and it was funny because he so, I sell this, it looks like a beer can. It's a cozy, but it looks like a soda can. And he literally, his video was just this, like sliding down on to the beer can and then making it look like as six seconds. No, no words, nothing

Speaker  759285:20
that sounds surprising. All my best friends are Spanish. They fucking love soda. So,

Speaker  761637:20
like two liters of soda. Another thing Greg that I would keep in mind when regards to the top and funnel, this just dawned on me that the whole pop and funnel content strategy also worked really well back when you could run ads to any video, so the manual campaigns, so you could manually Push that pop of funnel stuff even more, and now you can so yeah, only, the only stuff that's going to get pushed is if it's tagged. So you might, even though the content is very top of funnel, just tag it anyway, just so GMV Max can pick it up and distribute it to some more people. That's something to consider.

Speaker  773717:20
It does work, like the organic videos. He's not even seeing an uptick in sales in the organic videos. Like to be more blunt, I'd probably just say, stop making those style videos. If, even if they're going viral organically, and they're not generating a lot of sales, then it's like, the squeeze just might not be worth it at some point. Unless you think there's like room to improve. Sorry,

Speaker  780010:40
guys, I couldn't find a hand raising button, so I had to worry. Yeah, just speak up button.

Speaker  781962:40
I don't know if we have one, but you

Speaker  782538:40
can use the screen.

Speaker  782842:40
Yeah, you just speak. So

Speaker  783242:40
I have two questions I'm evaluating whether I should use TikTok fulfillment versus a third party peanut you know, fulfillment service Amazon is definitely we can save 50% of the cost if we Use TikTok fulfillment, but I just don't know if you have any service, any it's relatively easy being set up. You know, our volume is not there yet. So this is my first question. The second question is what I heard. We treated TikTok as an independent business. As far as I want to be profitable, I want to be standing alone, not using, you know, an FBA money to support, to run it. But what I heard is most of, most of Amazon sellers, what they gain, even the big sell. You know, they make the revenues really good on TikTok. It really the goal is supporting Amazon is a hard, I don't know. I want to get a sense of in everybody in the room, what's your really goal on TikTok? I'm okay using TikTok to supporting Amazon. I think I'm a data my page view gone up 100% I know you're working, but I need to change the goal. If everybody you know, right? If TikTok is not realistic at this point to be Yeah, I'm not profitable.

Speaker  810085:20
Most people are profitable. Most

Speaker  810661:20
people are and that's shit, yeah, I think for So personally, my goal is to 10x my Amazon business using TikTok.

Speaker  813146:40
Yeah, right, yeah. I would say anyone that has reached any level of scale, the only people I know that are actually very profitable on TikTok are the ones that generate sales from their organic videos, like their organic videos go viral so consistently that they almost never spend ad money, but that's so rare. Oh, I only know three people like that, but most people do not generate any profit on TikTok shop. They're going for our Amazon ranking. They're just going for Lyft on Amazon. And also a lot of if you're omnichannel, you're going for omni channel. You're either trying to get into omnichannel, or you are already in the mass market, and therefore, like you want to generate those sales, I'd say that's like the express goal of most people.

Speaker  824501:20
Wow, that's good insight. Thank you.

Speaker  825125:19
That's the way you should look at it. Is this isn't a separate channel like Walmart, eBay or even a different amazon.uk country, wherever. This isn't a separate channel. This is a part of your Amazon strategy. I won't launch a product the old fashioned Amazon way ever again. It's going to be purely a TikTok launch. The spill over to Amazon is just going to take care of the rest.

Speaker  831466:40
Yeah. Another way to think about it, if you if you're trying to put, like, a financial model on it, is, take your losses for the month and then divide them by the amount of views you got. And that's your CPM that you just paid for those views. So if you can calculate your loss for TikTok and just divide it by views, that's how I would run it, and you'll often find your CPM was like 50 cents, and then yeah, thanks for yourself. Yeah, yeah, if I, if I, if I could pay 100k right now for 1020, 30 million views, would I? And the answer is probably, yeah, if I could magic click of a button, 30 million views, yeah, of course.

Speaker  841813:20
Alex, do you do FBT? No,

Speaker  842581:19
yeah. So, to her second question, I think if the choice is between FBT and another fulfill three PL may as well do FBT. May as well do FPT. If your choices be in my situation, we have warehouse. We've been filling our own order since COVID, until I see FBT doing like next day delivery and really improving conversion rates. I'm just going to keep shipping it myself. Yeah, my

Speaker  849312:00
coach, dot B, do you notice a difference in conversion rate when you do FBT like I've heard from other people that if you do that and TikTok pushes the product more because they're making questions. You know,

Speaker  852096:00
I definitely see an increase in conversion rate when we're running FBT, plus it's cheaper. It's cool than running through a three PL and the number of undelivered can't find packages, which is already crazy high on on TikTok, goes down quite a bit,

Speaker  857333:20
yeah, and there's that a lot

Speaker  858245:20
the only and they deal and

Speaker  858533:20
they deal with it, so we don't have to have like, a customer service person, yeah? So person dealing with all those

Speaker  859722:40
customers. The only argument against using FBT is if you're if it's a new product, I think operationally, it's simple to just have all your inventory at Amazon at the beginning, but after that, I mean, you should be going to FBT if you can.

Speaker  863642:40
Is there any downside of connecting Amazon, which like clearing out inventory that maybe there's not selling through.

Speaker  865456:00
Most of my students have been shipped through Amazon for, you know, for a while now. Yeah, has been no issues.

Speaker  866928:00
What's your Is it connected directly? Or do you use a connector? How's that?

Speaker  867872:00
I forget order desk. I use order desk, okay, I haven't even thought about that in so long. Yeah, it's just all automated. Yeah, I do order desk. I use

Speaker  870005:20
the web, web B, web

Speaker  870805:20
B, yes, the other one. Everyone uses

Speaker  871317:20
levy customer service, you know, 30 bucks or something.

Speaker  872773:20
Yeah, I just use order desk because it also is what I used to connect my Shopify orders to my Amazon. So I use the same software for both.

Speaker  874805:20
I actually have another question about the ad such I was trying to advertise through my TikTok account, so on the phone, you can just click your video and increase views. Is it different than adding advertising in the TikTok shop, or what difference it is kind of confusing to me. Like,

Speaker  880768:00
yeah, you're talking about creator advertising, so creators can advertise their own

Speaker  881952:00
videos. Okay, so,

Speaker  882352:00
yeah, I actually don't know who a fits like, better or worse than if you do it through TikTok shop. That's a good question. I have no idea

Speaker  884752:00
it's like for me, I had using my own like my company account, I could be a creator, right if just increase view in that tab, I can advertise in the brand awareness without a shop link, right

Speaker  888741:20
point, as a creator, you could run Awareness video on a brand. That's a good point. Yeah, I haven't thought about

Speaker  890661:20
that. Yeah. That would be the way to go ahead and still boost your brand awareness content.

Speaker  893034:40
That's okay. I'm just, I wasn't sure about

Speaker  894074:40
I would just test it. There's no reason you can't do that for sure. Yeah, 100% no downside. All

Speaker  895434:40
right. Okay, thank you.

Speaker  895866:40
Awareness video to the individual profile

Speaker  896768:00
real quick before I work. We got three minutes. But Jon, I wanted to ask you, because you got me thinking about the FBT versus, would you say FBT? Like, like, what was your shop score and delivery rate prior to switching? Could just that improvement alone show a high conversion? Because when, when my shop score and my delivery rates down, because whatever I messed up, yeah, conversions suck. But when it's up above 90% and all that good stuff, conversions are good. Do you think that played into what you saw? Or if I have a 98% on time, delivery rate, and that great shop score. Do you think I would see a difference switching to FBT?

Speaker  908922:40
That's a that's like, a really good question. I mean, we, we have like, three products in one store that we that we have lined up on on FPT, and we have just one in the other store, and definitely see, regardless amount of content out there, that it just picks it picks up better. And so it's, it's really hard to say, but I know that when we stock out on FBT and move over to fulfilling ourselves, we see our sales go down meaningfully. So I it like things, most things on TikTok. I can't like, clarify it very well, but definitely see it,

Speaker  920149:20
yeah, interesting. Okay, the customers, on the customer side, do they see fulfilled by TikTok? Are they just right? Yeah,

Speaker  922986:39
yeah. So it might be, you know, for, you know, especially if you have products that are high volume, it's, it's easy to send in a few 100 units or 1000 units, if you're running through it and just it, because it'll default back to you as soon as it's out of stock. Anyways. So it's a really easy test

Speaker  928394:40
regarding the TikTok shop app they're building. TikTok is building a new app, and then when they sell the company, they're going to switch everyone to the new app so they don't give away their algorithm in the current app. That's their plan. They are doing it right now.

Speaker  935029:20
Hmm, yeah,

Speaker  935349:20
I've heard that adjustment, which I a new owner, right? If it's a meta Microsoft, they're going to want to monetize the heck out of it, I'm sure. So we'll see probably more of a dependency on pain.

Speaker  939338:40
Interesting.

Speaker  940170:40
Now's the time skip.

Speaker  940698:40
Now.

Speaker  941002:40
Sharon, can you share the article with us?

Speaker  941850:40
No, no. My daughter in law works for TikTok. She knows the inside

Speaker  943594:40
information.

Speaker  943978:40
That's okay. You can't share your phone number.

Speaker  944736:00
What? Sorry.

Speaker  945552:00
Nothing happened. I was joking. I was saying you can just share her phone number so we can

Speaker  946912:00
call her. Let's get her in. Next time, let's get her in. We'll have aI face.

Speaker  950645:20
All right, we are at the 11 o'clock mark. This was a good one. I think we're all making some pretty good progress. Hopefully we got all your answers, questions answered, lot to think about, that's for sure. That's my takeaway from this. But yeah, man, let's just keep plugging away, and hopefully next month we, uh, we'll have some more good stuff to talk about.

Speaker  956586:39
All right, thanks guys, good to see everyone. Thank you.

Speaker  957258:39
Better guys, enjoy. Bye.
