APAC Chapter Mogul Call with Sean Chow
Date: November 24, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Okay, yep.

Speaker  1120:00
So we're gonna just sit tight for a couple minutes to let whoever needs to log on, log on, and then we'll get started. No worries. Just Chow What are you driving to? Oh, now he's gonna get a car accident, $2,000

Speaker  7925:20
chopping off some donating some old baby stuff. So now we're just driving to furniture shop, so I'm just listening in today. Nice.

Speaker  10485:20
You're doing some areas, yeah, donating some old babies.

Speaker  12314:40
But now it sounds like looks like it good little catch up. Super. Looking forward to hearing what no one's got to share. I couldn't believe that growth, the growth of the last 12 months, that kind of blowing my mind.

Speaker  16426:40
Yeah, hopefully, I mean, in 40 minutes is only so much we can go through, but hopefully I can give you some frameworks to that were really helpful for us. And then Sean,

Speaker  19056:00
we can always, I don't want you to feel rushed. I do want to keep the time, but we can always do a part two on this. And if you feel like that's going to help, we can do a part one, question and answer, and then we can do a follow up part two, and then I can just push the schedule everybody else. I can just push them back a month, and it'll be no problem. So if I think it's important quality over quantity, so like, if you think that I think everyone's pretty intrigued with what you have going on, so just let you know. That's something we could do as well. Yeah,

Speaker  26954:40
sure if there's, if there's interest for that, I'm happy to do that because, you know, MDS has been such a big part of my journey. So happy to kind of help in that, that respect,

Speaker  30330:40
sounds good. Okay. Should we start? We can

Speaker  31354:40
start. Welcome everyone to our monthly call, and it's good to see all your bright faces. And this is a rare one, because usually everyone just has their cameras off, but people here, I think we want to see each other, so we have our cameras on, which is nice. And maybe because people live in sunny places, it's all bright, like some of you even have your sunglasses on. So it's like kind of bragging, which I guess in your part of the world, in Australia, it's getting towards summer, right? Just wild. It's like, here I'm looking at the Fall leaves and preparing for winter. And for some of you, it's like, Oh yeah, it's getting warm now, wild. Before we get started, I do want to help with an issue we've had, which is, I get messages about us not knowing where to find the calls, we should, everyone should have gotten a calendar invite.

Speaker  44106:40
Yeah, exactly for the leads, which I don't know somehow slipped my mind.

Speaker  45930:40
Yeah, I don't know. So hopefully we'll get them that sorted. Yeah, yeah. But right now we'll also want to do a, we'll have a shared screen, and we're going to do a walk through on how on the MDS site, you can check the details for this call. So Belen, do you want to share your screen? Oh, perfect.

Speaker  50992:00
Yes. So if you go to the oh, sorry, what did I do my screen? Sorry, guys, here it is. If you go to the app and you go to events, you'll find your calls here. If you don't, I'm going to fix that now, because I'll audit everyone that's in the in the chapter and add them to so they can see that. And because only you can see these calls only people in your chapter. So if you don't, it's because it's messy on our side. And then right around here, there's the Zoom link in case you need it. And also you can complete the registration here, and I'm not sure, oh, it sends you an email about it, and that's pretty much it. And also I'll audit so everyone gets their invites. If somebody doesn't want to get their invites for any reason, you can tell me, and we'll fix that too.

Speaker  68384:00
I'm very bad at follow up everyone. I'm happy to talk and to lead, but when it comes to details. So yeah, if you have any problems, feel free to message Belen up for for help. She'll be much more responsive and better than I am, but hopefully this can help. What's cool, though, is that there are people messaging me about wanting to be on this call. It just shows the potential we have for this call and as a chapter, that there is interest to get together, there is interest to share. So today's call is going to be pretty fun, because we're going to hear Sean after the first call. Sean just messaged me. He's like, hey, I want to share. I'm like, Cool. What do you want to share about? He's like, Well, we went from 10 million to 25 million in a year, and we do this cool stuff with product development as our principles. And I was like, Whoa, that's kind of paradigm boosting. I think we'd like to share. And I think a lot of times, I don't know, for me, like in the olden, olden time for like, 2016 2017 a lot of the thought process was just kind of throw something up there and get sales and figure out as you go. But I've been hearing more about taking the time before launching to test, to get things right do a five star product. And so it seems that like sometimes these extra steps in the beginning can really help your incremental results. So Sean's been very gracious to come on and to be able to share in 40 minutes as much as you can. And Sean afterward, we'll do a question answer. So everyone, if you have any questions during the talk that you want me to cover, just go in the chat. Unless you're driving, don't get an accident or anything. You just have to hold on to your questions. There you go. Good. But if you have any questions, put it in the chat, and then I will go through afterward, and we'll go to cover as many as we can. But what we'll do in this call, we'll see how it goes. If we feel like there's so much more still to cover, we're going to give Sean a part two, because I don't want him rushing through everything if there, if there's a lot of stuff we can learn. Because, man, if I can have that kind of growth in a year, I'll be pretty happy. So without further. ADO, Sean, the floor is yours my man. All

Speaker  104021:20
right, let me try sharing my screen.

Speaker  106773:20
That is that all good for you guys?

Speaker  107690:40
I can see it. Yeah,

Speaker  108122:40
all good, yeah, I can see it. Cool.

Speaker  109962:40
Cool. So, yeah, thanks for having me on. I've been a long time member, and I felt like, you know now that we're doing these Asia calls, it'd be a good chance to kind of share a bit about kind of our journey and what we did, what we do nowadays that has seen us kind of have some pretty good success over the last like 2436 months. And you know, that's not anything that is like, hacky or anything. It's just really strong, like, built on strong foundations that, you know, I think most people in our space can can learn from in some way, shape or form. So, so what I wanted to share, I mean, there's so many different functions and elements in our business which are very impactful, but this was the biggest one for me at the time, at the place that we were at, because similar to what Jonathan was saying, like, back before, it was just like, oh, we launch a product and see if it works. And I think that was great, and it worked up until a point, and then we see a lot, I'm, in my opinion, a lot of the members in the group, that's kind of how it ended up happening. And a lot of the times we've been seeing maybe not being able to replicate their success, and often because so many people, especially in those days, were trying this business model, what ended up happening is, like, a lot of survive, like, survivorship bias of people that ended up in the group. Maybe they might not have had a, like, a predictable way to succeed, but because, just by law of large numbers, the ones that succeeded kind of randomly ended up in the group. So, like, that was me, and we didn't really have a way to, you know, repeat success in in a systematic process driven way. So we kind of, when we discovered and learned a kind of process for doing that, it was a major unlock for our business. So I'll share a little bit about our journey in the first few slides, and then we'll get into the whole the meat. Meat of it, okay? So, yeah, the whole presentation is about how we have, de risked our new product development by doing validation, pre purchase order. So, I mean, there's been a lot of talk, you know, with like, say, for example, in Tel Aviv, being an MDS partner and other kind of polling software's out there about using that to either in product development or click through rate optimization or conversion rate optimization, but, and you hear a lot about, oh, you should do that, but there's not really a framework around, okay, I should do that, but how, how do we do that? What are some objectives we can strive to in order to determine it's validated or it's ready to move forward? So this is how we do it. And hopefully, in this 40 minutes, there's enough kind of strings to pull on for everyone to kind of like, take something away away from it. Okay? So, yeah, we're just gonna go through a step by step framework today. How we went from, like, our strike rate was about 30% success 70% failure. When it came to new products, like, for every 10 products we'd launch, three would be a success, and seven would fail. And that would work for a while. That used to work when the economics of the product launch were different, and then over the last few years, that's changed, but we went from 30% to like, 95% success rate, and because of that, now our products that we go after and start to develop, we're able to take bigger and bigger swings and still, still achieve that kind of hit rate. And how we do that with different tools to measure and KPIs to to strive for that lead our new product development decisions, and this has led to, like, exponential growth, not mostly because of the fixing up of that failure. Failure rate, as most of you guys know, a failed product is super costly, not just the inventory costs, but then there's the time cost, and then marketing costs, and then if it fails, everything from disposal and removal orders and whatever, and it's just a whole big pain. So to not have to deal with that as much, I'm not going to say it's going to fix all your problems, but to even to improve it by a little bit that that can lead to a bit a foundation that can lead to some pretty good growth. All right, so for those who don't know about me, I'm a bit a member since 2017 so I know a lot of the guys in the and the people in the group, maybe not as much in the Southeast Asia chapter. I haven't met as many people in this chapter in person yet, but started in my Amazon journey in 2015, 2014 owner operator, primarily, not really an agency or anything like that, or have something to sell. You have a daughter, she's like one and a bit now. Family of three and I split my time between three bases. I'm mostly in Chiang, Mai, but I spend a lot of time in Japan, in Furano, and visit visiting my family in Brisbane. So actually, these numbers are maybe a bit outdated. The trailing 12 months is, is, yeah, maybe around 16 mil at the moment, and our current run rate is a little bit over 20, with a projection of 25 for 2026 and our team is this 20 person in house team. Fun Facts, yeah, I used to be in the hospitality industry in Australia, and I was the Australian bartender of the year in 2013 and then when I'm not like working, I'm usually thinking about snowboarding. I'm a big back country Snowboarder and Splitboarder as well, yeah. And then mostly, like came from the space of like, in the Amazon business model, and that's primarily what we do now. But now we're starting to expand into like our Tiktok side of things, and taking the kind of process and process driven way that we succeeded on Amazon, and taking it now and going hard on on the Tiktok side of things, which we are just starting now. And that's that's pretty exciting. So here's a little bit our, bit about our revenue growth in the last 10 years. I wish I actually plotted out the profit journey, because it was definitely does not look. The profit journey doesn't look like this, nice upward linear trend. There's definitely big ups and downs in there, even from like this 2023 and 2024 when we were we were eight figures, like, they were kind of leaner profit years, where some were, like, maybe 10% or 5% so they were kind of lower profit numbers. And then some of the years, especially during like, maybe 2021 where maybe we operated at a zero profit, but we're still kind of growing revenue wise. And that, I think I would attribute that mostly to that that strike rate that we had, because we were going pretty aggressive with product launches. At one point in time, we were doing two to four new products a month. And you know, with that strike rate, we were losing a lot of money, assuming that in the long run, those successful products would, you know, lead to a more successful business, but that that really hurt the profit margins in those those early days. So I just wanted to go through a little bit of our journey of how I thought about things in terms of like as a founder, what my what my focus was in our business, running an E commerce business, and how it evolved over time. But all of these kind of skills, they stacked over time because they provided that contextual foundation and knowledge to help us succeed when we had like, I guess this unlock when it came to how we do our product development. So we first, when we got in the game, it was all about, like, getting reviews and maybe not even thinking about making a great product. It was just like, slap a label on a product, get reviews, get get momentum,

Speaker  250485:20
give product for free, in exchange for review. And then we kind of like knew we needed to learn more about how the algorithm worked, how we needed to, how we were able to impact that and get the placements that we we wanted to be at to succeed, and then learning how to kind of work through that and get momentum through a launch, and then stay there, and then once we kind of like figured that that out, and got a really good grasp of that, it was about like, actually, how to build a good organization, teams, systems, and building operational excellence, and through through this business model, and How to kind of build out our teams and systems to operate well. But even through that, I think we were having ups and downs of success, like top line, we were growing and we were having, like, some successful home run products, but we were also having a lot of failures, too, and then that's what kind of led to where that what was really like a missing piece for us, that that kind of jump, like boosted and boosted our performance, and really was that big game changer in our our business going forward, which was kind of like in 2022 where we kind of It did the initial push out and roll out of what we thought was going to work, and it formed the basis of, you know what I'm going to share with you guys today. So, yeah, basically what we became good at before was like, PPC, organic ranking strategies, or, yeah, supply chain management, inventory management, logistics, customer service, operating, team building, delegating leadership, that kind of thing, and forecasting. So we kind of like, got good at that, but we were still having all these failures because, like, maybe our business model was not really working that well. So what was missing for us was just this, this repeatable process to make successful products that was, you know, process driven had clear like black and white metrics, which would be goal goal posts to aim for that could lead to successful products. Yeah, every new product launch was like a bet, not in our favor. Was kind of like always hitting on a 12 in blackjack instead of like a six. I don't know if that was a good reference, but yeah. Let but yeah, let's continue. The big unlock for us was this validation, first approach to new product development. And then when I kind of like had this idea floated to me, it was like this aha moment of, oh, okay, if we actually had this way of developing products, we could have a real, objective way to make winning products, because I felt like we had all the other pieces aligned, that this would be the thing that would kind of break us through the ceiling that we were kind of experiencing. And it's how we went from intuition and then to objective metrics. And yeah, it's, I think, who it's for. It's for everyone, no matter what category you're in. This kind of product development. It's how most larger organizations, CPG, FC, fast moving consumer goods, those kinds of larger organizations, they use this kind of process in a similar way, but maybe they use external agencies like Katar or Nielsen IQ to do the heavy lifting when it comes to consumer insights. But I feel like any product or category space you're in, it's going to be helpful, because all the consumer insights that you are going to extract from that research is going to be useful for you to understand your market better, and you can make decisions that would lead to better performance. So I think it's always going to be helpful, no matter where you're at. So this was me. I don't know if it's like for any of you, I see a lot of members in the group like I hear a lot of anecdotal stories, and it just seems like they're experiencing very similar things more so the inconsistent success problem where maybe all your product launches, you know you got to launch more products, but you don't have a consistent way to succeed. So there's like this fear of, oh, if, if you know, I'm going to launch a product and it fails, it's like a big cost. So I'm going to keep my my bet small, just to make sure that my my losses are not too huge and it doesn't break me. Or if you don't have a system and it's just relies on you, and you don't have like a framework around developing a product, then you become the bottleneck when you should be kind of managing, like strategic decisions, instead of having someone on your team that can lead the NPD, and the business can't grow without without you, then all new product relies on you. So that's that's pretty common. And then, yeah, the last one, scaling anxiety, like, if you are scared, because all new, young, like I said, Any unproven products, they represent a large risk and potential loss. So that kind of gets you keeping playing it safe instead of going hard, which, which makes sense, you know, if you don't have a framework to have those, those good bets to make. So, yeah, so a little bit more, and we'll get into the meat of everything. So where we went from? We went from like a 33% success rate, which meant 60 in turn, 66% failure rate, and it stopped working because the business economics changed a few years ago, where we had to put a lot more investment capital wise, up front for new products, product launches, you couldn't just do smaller orders, because if it did succeed, then you know it would like running out of stock would be quite costly. So the unit economics and business economics. Of doing this kind of model that we were doing changed everything raised in price, fees, advertising cost and the margin for error just kind of disappeared, which is why you're seeing less and less. I think this is why you're seeing less and less new entrants in the game. Less and less new kind of younger heads coming into the space, because it just doesn't represent a good bet if you're not as experienced coming into the space. So yeah, this is what we're doing now. Like our product success rate is, like, really high and because of but actually also the product development process takes a long time. So per product, we want each new product to inject at least, like a million dollars in revenue per new product that we're that we're launching new parent product, and year on year, growth, yeah, about 100% which is tracking out. And I mean, the most impressive thing for me, the most thing, the thing that I'm happy about, is more the bottom line, our net profitability went from like 20% to us went from 5% to 20% which was like, it just makes everything so much easier and smoother. And we're able to kind of breathe a lot easier. And we achieved this because the way that we did our product development allowed us to have premium pricing and still sell more units than the SEC than the previously best in the market. Click, the rates, conversion rates were baked in. Advertising costs. Cost per click decreased because your CTR and CVR were better, and we're able to build a pipeline of products that had a material, material impact to our business. So yeah, the old way is not working. Yeah, it's if you want to move forward something kind of a little bit sad you're seeing in the group, like, a lot of people's posting about maybe their business is struggling. I guess it's normal part of business as well, like, but if you want to increase your success rate, I think this is, like, really necessary to introduce into your business. So now let's get into the meat of it. I know I'm kind of going to blaze through this super fast, but the slides, you guys can have the slides, and you'll have reference to it. But what is validation first or pre pro validation? It's basically where we place before we even place a purchase order. We focus on winning that digital battle first. And there's a lot that goes into how we do that, but that's just the fundamental, like core basis of it. It's like validating our concept digitally, visually in a market simulated scenario where we can test everything, like our images, our key messaging, our key visuals, any features positioning before we even place an investment in a purchase order. And we can we want to win that battle first before we place that purchase order.

Speaker  408917:20
That way, when we place the purchase order, we have a high degree of confidence that it's going to be a winner. So here's an example of what it might look like. So gaining insights before production. So these simulations. So this we use in Tel Aviv. We're very tight with the team there, so that's our platform of choice. But there's other platforms out there. You know, feel free to use the one that you want. But basically what happens is, in this market simulation, they get shown, I guess, an Amazon kind of rep, like replication, and your version, digital version of your product against you can choose your top competitors. So what we do is we use our hero image, we can create digital mock up hero images for whatever products, whether it's like a packaging first kind of product like this, or any product you can do with, like 3d modeling or now AI. We were doing this before. AI was, like, useful, but now AI is like, getting more and more applicable to it. So now you can do it at a much faster rate. So we can create these digital represented representations of new product ideas and test everything, everything that we can possibly think of to kind of win this battle, we can change anything like colors, features, packaging, positioning, anything, everything, and anything we using to get those little one percenters or big jumps in winning the votes from the consumers. And, yeah, like, like, the thing that I have there on the bottom, why it's really powerful is we can react quite quickly, and we're using consumer feedback on their choices to alter and edit what we are going to create and test it out really quickly. And another side benefit of this is if you have a team and multiple people contributing. I mean, I don't know what your your guys product teams look like. We have a passionate product team that they're arguing back and forth. Maybe they have strong opinions of what they think is right or what they think is going to work. This eliminates all that ego. And it's you don't have to kind of have those arguments. Everyone can get their chance of, hey, I think this is going to work, or, Hey, I think this is going to work. Cool, both your ideas are valid. Let's go test both of them and see what the market says. It's not about one person's ego, it's about what the market really wants. And you know, people get very humbled. We're humbled constantly because we have very strong opinions. But the market always gives us like, you know, it always humbles us because maybe, like, what we thought was right was not exactly what they wanted. So that was quite a useful thing that happens for in that that settles debates. And this all happens before you commit to a large purchase order, which can go into the 10s of 1000s, or if it's a expensive product, hundreds of 1000s. Oops. So yeah, I think this is something that's really key for us, that the way that we were doing things before this is just simple concept that I think most people miss when they are just doing an Amazon only business model, like our product we're like our industry that we're in is called consumer goods. Like whether it's fast moving consumer goods or consumer packaged goods, it's all about the consumer, and we sell direct to the consumer, whether it's on our website or using Amazon as a sales channel. So it makes sense to actually consult with the consumers that who are our consumers. Like, consult with them what they are looking for and what they want. And for me, like, when I read this, it's like, oh, duh. That seems obvious, but it was not obvious to me. It was like, well, we would just like go with our gut intuition. We think we know what our market wants because we've been there. We've been in that space for a long time, but actually, like it was this, was this, oh, da Aha, moment where it kind of was, like a big game changer for us. Yeah, and it sounds obvious, but I think a lot of people still are guessing or relying on intuition and gut feel. So getting into the meat of objective metrics to measure like I know maybe most a lot of a lot of you have seen in the group about, hey, you should use polling platforms to see to develop products or whatever, or improve your images. So I'm going to give you guys some like, really black and white metrics to aim for when you're developing products this way. So the first one is, what we do is we aim for a 50% win rate in a five horse race. So when we create these mock up polls, 50% when we create these mock up polls, like, let's say on intellivi, we have at least a five horse race, including yourself, and we want to win that at least 50% of the time. Usually, we would blur out the pricing and the title and the star ratings for now, but yeah, if your product concept that you've developed wins at least 50% against all the other best selling products that exist in your category, that is a high determination of whether it's going to be a winner or not. If you can get higher like 60% 70% win rate that's makes it even a stronger case that it's going to be a home run product. And we've seen that play out any product that we've developed that's been like a 70% win rate has just like flown out of the gates like crazy. So, but sometimes you're in this battle against how long it takes to get there, you know, versus, you know, just wanting to be an entrepreneur and take action and get it done. So usually 50% is our goal. If we get there really fast, then we'll work harder to get a little bit higher. But if it's taken us a long time, then maybe we'll accept 50% it still gets us to the win. And then, in terms of, like, unit economics, we try and kind of have like a 150 to 200% return on invested capital, on a single, organic unit you know, that's not a really hard and fast rule, but I think it's a good kind of just broad goal that will pad your margins to accept, like a decent tacos and other fees that might come about. So you can start with healthy unit economics. From day one, there's been often times where we've won this game, like maybe 50 or 60% but then the return on investment on a single unit was lower than 100% like if we launched it, we know we could have probably won and gone high volume, but the margins might not have worked out super well. So we chose to not proceed, even though we worked hard to validate a product. So those are the two very simple KPIs we kind of use to aim towards to validate a new product idea. And it's pretty simple. And the things that I would want to encourage you guys to do is, like, because there's, there's a bunch of time, like, times in the group people are talking about using polling. But the things that I would want to encourage is to increase your standards, like raise your standards of what acceptable win rate is simple to say. There's a lot that goes into doing it, though, but yeah, raising your standards and getting there is is a good way to to kind of approach this. So yeah, different tools to use for this kind of process. We use Intellivy Because we're close to that team. I know Intellivy, our MDS partner. So you can go to them for their their MDS kind of partnership deal. You can use Pickfy, Sellametrics, that kind of thing. One of the things I like about Intellivy is I know that while they while they have their internal audience, they also have the ability to plug into not just their audience. They have, like, a large audience of millions of potential people, large and deep segmentation, so you can get really deep into your specific consumer, whatever, whoever it is, if you have a niche product, can be someone with diabetes, age 30 to 35 based in Texas, with two kids, like really deep segmentation and but there was a thing with deep segmentation, is every additional layer adds cost, so there's that to think about too. But yeah, I like the system that they've created. And, yeah, you can, we can use it to kind of get really quick feedback within a few days and constantly Iterate and improve. How am I doing for time? All right, so let me try and blast through this, actually.

Speaker  559562:39
Sean, yeah, I actually think don't blast through it. I'm looking at the questions now, and they're good questions. So I think whenever you feel good, we can go into questions. Because I'm thinking we should take two calls for this man, if you're open to it,

Speaker  563760:00
yeah, yeah. I mean, I got, like, maybe 10 minutes left, but yeah, sure. And then we can go into the questions after that.

Speaker  566005:20
If it's, if it's 10 minutes, we can, we can do it if it's longer than 10 minutes, let's go ahead and do a second call, because I think there's all the people already have pretty good questions here about the follow ups. So up to you, man, I just don't want you to feel like you have to blast through this is really valuable stuff.

Speaker  570357:20
Sure, we'll, uh, we'll play it by ear. I'm happy to stay on like 1015, minutes longer after the hours ended as well, for anyone that wants to stay on, all right, so let's go through some frameworks on how do we figure out what consumers want? So the first thing is consumer insights polling, so they have different polls on there. One's called like a marketplace Paul, another one's called like a purchase barrier Paul, but we call it a drab poll. So drab stands for like, dominant reasons to avoid buying. That's also very useful to kind of understand purchase barrier and like objection purchase objections that come up, so you can preempt that. But we use these different polls together, like over just in 100 person poll, we get over 500 data points. That's really useful. And this super useful for gaining understanding in for your market and understanding consumer decision making behavior. So what we learn from just the 100 person poll, we learn what they are thinking about and looking for before they get shown any options. So they might get shown a situation and a question, and then they don't get shown like the different five options. They just get set. They just get asked, you know, what do you what solutions or things are you looking for based on this? So you get ideas on, you know, what they might be thinking of Top of Mind. And you can use those things to innovate. Because maybe the things that they get shown, maybe the things that they think might not even be on the market yet. So it might be things like ways to innovate new ideas, which is why that's useful. Then they then we also get the product that they select as the one they like most. And then why the product they like the least out of the options, and why? And then for the drab we understand like objections, like why they're thinking what? What objections are they thinking about before they purchase? So, yeah, that's the consumer insight side. And then we do the review analysis as well, like competitor review analysis of the best sellers in the market. And the goal here is to build a better product experience on the back end, when they receive the product, their post purchase experience, like what they loved and hated about it, and essentially building this like five star product like to get a high a product review rating as possible. And what we do from all this data is we're looking at what we get, and we there's so many different ways we can break down product elements, but we want to just simply emphasize the good identify, any of like the benefits that generate positive reviews or any of the feedback from the consumer insights. We want to emphasize that and highlight those. They become your product strengths. And then we want to figure out ways to eliminate the bad, whether it's making a better product that addresses concerns or addressing and preempting objection objections in their head before they even think about it. They might think about, oh, this thing's gonna I have experience with this kind of product, it breaks after, like, after a month. So maybe you might want to address that and preempt it and say, you know, it's a much stronger than what's on the market, like 3x stronger or something. You're addressing the concern beforehand. Yeah, we can design these problems out of our product before we even place the purchase order. And how do we interpret the insights? So we segment it in two different ways. And I think what how we thought about it before was the last way where we would look at consumer reviews and say, Oh, we're going to look at these reviews and see what consumers are saying, and we're gonna make our product better. But I think this is, in my opinion, a big mistake when it comes to product development, because when someone has a product in their hands, this is already, like, they purchased the product, they already made the decision to purchase it. So, like, if you make a better product, you're probably going to fix the negative reviews, but you're not addressing their pre purchase thoughts. You're just addressing, like, making a better five star experience. It's important, but it's not the full picture, in my opinion. So we use, like, marketplace polls and drab polls to address that pre purchase mindset, to understand, what are the thoughts in the consumer's head before they click like what catches their eye? Is there any subconscious or soft kind of things that they're thinking about that might lead to the purchase, whether it's a color scheme or addressing an objection? So we're trying to highlight any of the things there that they're thinking about before. So we separate it in pre purchase mindset and objections and creating a five star experience. And that's the way we kind of think about it. And we find that they're very different what what they're thinking about and what you need to kind of put in your messaging to. I mean, sometimes there's overlap, of course, but yeah, we find that for the most part, we treat them differently and and why it works is because we'll get the click what we'll develop products, get the click and get the conversion, and then when they receive the product, we'll have a higher likelihood of having that five star experience. And for any of you guys that know our brand, which I'm happy to share it with, you guys, like, if you send me a message, we have mostly Five Star products, like 4.8 Star products. And these are not, like, fake reviews or anything. It's because we like, we focus on this. So here's our approach, very simple, just like the normal scientific method test, like we have an idea from our research, sorry, start with the hypothesis from our consumer. Like our insights, we from our hypothesis. We're going to create, like our tests run the polls. We're going to review everything that comes back and analyze what we get from that, understand what worked, what didn't work, decide whether we want to continue to Iterate again and just go through this cycle over and over until we get to that 50% goal win rate. And our goal is to consistently achieve this 50% win rate against our top competitors, that's when we know we have a validated winner worth investing in. So in terms of like, creating these testable images for our hypothesis part, we focus on four different elements. Like within our product tile, there's, you know, there's a limited real estate there. You've got this image. It's a small real estate on the search page. But however, what can we do to kind of take those consumer insights and implant our potential ideas into it? So we break it down into four different things that we can control, that we have ability to change. One is the form, whether it's like the physical design or esthetic of the product, size, shape, color, materials, whatever function, whether you're introducing a new mechanism of the product, different way it works, it's addressing the problem, create for the solution, if you're doing it in a unique way, you maybe you have a new ingredient that works in a different mechanism in the body, or something. If it's like a consumable or you it has a just some sort of utility, different utility, that solves the problem that the consumer is having layout and presentation visually the image is the headline in the search page. Can we arrange the image, orientation, layout, arrangement, visual hierarchy, angles, all this different stuff that you can edit for that. And then lastly, Callouts and inserts. Is there any kind of innovative ways you can insert visual messaging, key messaging in the hero image that's legible because usually the images are shrunk down when they're getting shown it on the search page. But can you make it big enough to be be read? Are you able to kind of maybe highlight some key information using that without it getting taken down by by Amazon with their scrapers? So these are the four things that we kind of test, and we any any ideas that come out of the Insets. We can apply any of the ideas into one of these, these four elements that we can edit.

Speaker  718282:40
This is kind of like an example timeline. Sometimes we can get it in five sometimes it takes 12 different rounds of polling, but we go through multiple polling cycles and yeah, sometimes it's a small tweak, like we'll change a color scheme or change a color maybe we'll change a key messaging. Sometimes it's a major redesign where we have hit a ceiling we can't get past 40% we know that every little thing we change doesn't move the needle. So we need to change something big. So sometimes it's just different things. So we keep iterating and testing until we get that 50% win rate, and then it will kind of look like this, where you're tracking, ideally, you're tracking higher and higher, but in reality, it goes up and down, up and down until you you want to kind of maybe trend upwards to get to the last the goal, 50% and above, just really quickly. This is not really like helpful for understanding what to do, but what it allows you to do is you have higher CTR and CVR, which are built in from day one, you can go launch with no reviews. I mean, just vine reviews, and not be scared if all giveaway options left like I used to think, we'd be really in trouble for our business. But if we had no access, access to any giveaways now, you know, I would actually like love that, because now we have an advantage against our competitors. Yeah, you can do PPC only launches, Go confidently into competitive markets and be more comfortable placing a larger purchase order upfront, because the risk is now calculated. You have a way to calculate that risk. Have larger order quantities, and it, yeah, it gives you that confidence to do that. And what we found as well, is most of the time we have our target price, which ends up being $1 higher than what's on the market, or even just like being the same as their price the top seller, but we found over and over that at that higher price, we move too far. I mean, at that same price as the top seller, we start moving too fast. So we've actually been able to have higher price points because we're addressing what they want and making a better product. So you can command a premium price point which leads to higher profits, overall chances tests going higher. And this kind of process you can you can train your team to do it as well, so you're not the bottleneck anymore. And yeah, like, that's our biggest problem right now is cashflow, because we keep running out of cash, because we need to keep placing more orders of the products that we launch, so it's not a bad problem to have. So yeah, I mean, this is the question I asked myself after the first run. We like we thought, oh, let's try it again to see if it works again. And it worked again. And then we kind of rolled it out to a little bit more. And then after that, we built our entire business around it after it worked a few times consistently. So that's what I did. But yeah, I mean, that's a question that you can ask yourself, if you knew you couldn't fail with new products, what would you do? So we really focused on changing our business to to operate around these, this framework, yeah, just just some case studies here about it. This is just an ever like evergreen product in a competitive category, launched in March, and then in September, it's like, yeah, very nice profit margin and high volume product. And another thing is, you don't need to do it just on new products. We can revamp old products too and use their same like the reviews and bring in a new version. Maybe it's a bit small on the screen here, but this is you guys will get the screen later, but we were able to update an old version of a successful product. It was doing well. And if you look at the old version, you would like, you know, you look at the numbers on the screen and you say, I'd take that any day. That's a great result. But we knew that it was kind of losing steam, so we introduced a new version. This is like a seasonal product that sells for the month of August, and we were able to kind of introduce a new version that kind of clicked and increased things, like really significantly, some frequently asked questions that always get asked, How much do you invest in polling before placing a purchase order. We we're investing a lot. We are polling between 3000 to $10,000 just for polling, not purchase order, or maybe sampling, which is not really that much cost. But yeah, we're investing a lot in polling. Typical turnaround time. This is long. It takes long time to do this this way, but it was worth it for us, because our risk gets reduced, and it might take longer if you are learning how to do this in the first the first run, learning all these things. But it was, it's worth it. But yeah, 12 to 18 months is usually the turnaround time for like, design, NPD sampling, then getting it live on Amazon production and getting it live too, and then we're doing lots of rounds of testing. How do we optimize for costs? We're doing many variations. Usually we'll keep our sample size smaller, maybe like 40 to 50 per variation to test lots of different things over and over again. But then, if we want to confirm something in a statistically significant way, we would increase that a sample size to about 160 to 200 participants, just to be confident that over a large sample size, it will still get that same result, similar result. And then I think this is the last slide, or second last slide, if you took nothing away from the call, this is basically my entire thing. Aim for raise your standards by aiming for a 50% win rate. Utilize consumer insights, differentiate, understand the difference between pre purchase and post purchase, and then develop your products around pre purchase decision making, with the post purchase optimization being around five star product development. Use a scientific method. And then when you get all this right, you can take big, bold bets, because your your products are kind of more calculated in their risk. And then lastly, I'll just finish with some materials and books that help me what formulate this, these ideas. Yeah, so that's basically me.

Speaker  833392:00
Jonathan, all right. Big round of applause for Sean, yay. This was a cool Do we need anything, honey? This is a great, great presentation. That's a lot of material, man, a lot.

Speaker  838421:20
Yeah, try, yeah, sorry, but it's a lot. And to be honest, you can go for each of the things, like really in depth, but yeah, try to give as much in a kind of framework that people can take away as much as possible.

Speaker  842565:20
Are you open to coming on again,

Speaker  843786:40
maybe in January? Yeah, because January, I go skiing for like, three months. Important,

Speaker  846074:39
man, it's important, all right, because the reason being is you gave such good, so many nuggets here then I'm sure there's going to be a lot of follow up, and there'll be huge value, I think, when people take action, and then they might have some questions. So in January, we have time where it gives people time to implement what you were sharing, and we're going to get into questions. It's 53 now you said Sean, you're willing to say, like, 10 minutes after

Speaker  854261:20
Yeah, no worries. Yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  855621:20
And, but also, I think a good challenge for the group is if everyone can take one point and actually practice it and see if you can improve. And one thing you can do is it you can always improve the design or packaging of your product and see if it converts better. I've never heard of a customer complain because the package they received, like the box didn't match the listing Exactly. And I know even like Mary Ruth, one of their products, it shows a bottle in a box, the product doesn't come in a box. It's just the bottle. The box is there completely for SEO to get conversions, to get click through rate, to help Rufus understand the product. So there's a lot we could even test to see if it improves your product without even needing to even order different packaging. All right, Sean, we got some questions here, and you answered some of them in your presentation. One of the questions is, so there's so many things you could pull How did you decide which stuff to focus on first? And examples could be title of the product, the words on the box, or the packaging colors, like, how do you decide what to test first?

Speaker  875914:40
It's always, it's just image. Always the image. I mean, in our in our world now, the image is the headline. If you go back to normal, like, original copywriting, foundational theory, like, like, for example, like breakthrough advertising is like the foundational copywriting book. It's all about, like the headline. And for us, the image is the headline, so the it's all it's like, most of the time is spent on the image. And then all the things that I talked about today was, is all about the image, and we will unlock other things like the title and the price and reviews eventually, but we're just aiming for the the win rate on the on the image. So let's say, for example, our price is going to be higher. Like we keep adding more offer like to the offer, and our price is going to be higher. So we want to win like that. Get a pretty strong win rate. And then when we start, when we unveil the price, it might be like $5 higher than the market. We know that just supply, demand, price elasticity dynamics, you're going to get lower. So we just want to see how much lower it will be. But you're not, probably not going to get the same percentage. But yeah, we start with the image first.

Speaker  896544:00
So when you launch, you you you launch at your premium price point. You don't go cheaper and then work your way up. Is that correct?

Speaker  898416:00
No, we launched. I mean, that's a different conversation. But we launched low because we know at the normal price we or all things being equal, if they just the same price, we would win. So if we launch at a lower price, it should just take off like a rocket, and then right we can get, like, more reviews and slowly raise it up to our target price. Yeah,

Speaker  904373:20
right. So then let's say you're going to do the main image. What are you focusing on first? Is it the color? Is it the title on the box? What are the main things you're testing first in that main image, because you could literally pull for everything, like what kind of box, what secondary colors, third colors, what are you looking to test first?

Speaker  909370:40
So in your consumer insights, you should be have some sort of scoring system for what you discover, like pattern recognition, like identification of different things that come up multiple times, like either in quantity or in terms of emotional language, like, how much do people care about it? And then you should have some sort of priority order, like, what is the top most important thing? And, yeah, what does that look like? And that is how you kind of focus on what first and

Speaker  919029:20
when you do your testing, do you show the reviews in your testing? Like, is it or do you remove that? What kind of factors are you showing? Just

Speaker  921221:20
the image, just the image. We don't show the reviews.

Speaker  922149:20
No Title, either. No Title, no price, just image Correct.

Speaker  923466:40
Yeah, nine times out of 10. Sometimes, like, if you're offering, like, a lot more, and you want to test that, sometimes that's important. Like, maybe you're offering a 10 pack, but the rest of the market has a five pack. Maybe you put the title in there and or maybe you put the price in there, because you want to see, like, these are different variables, but yeah, nine times out of 10 is just the image.

Speaker  929216:00
Would you recommend someone just standardize also, it looks more like an amazon seller central main page, but every product has the same title, same review, same price. Or is that a distraction?

Speaker  932032:00
I mean, if you're going to do that, then you just might as well blur everything out.

Speaker  933600:00
Okay, so you only show the image,

Speaker  934181:20
yeah, just at first, yeah. And then we'll slowly, once we get that win rate, we'll slowly unlock other variables, just to see where we'd be at in a more, even more real market scenario.

Speaker  937813:20
So then, after you win, you then do more polls, where you look at like pricing, reviews, those type of factors?

Speaker  939770:40
Yeah, yes.

Speaker  940394:40
So even when you win, how many more polls are you running, like you've mentioned before, doing smaller bets, like smaller polls, and then doing bigger ones, like 160 200 let's say you win, then how many more polls do you end up doing with that bigger sample size to figure out, like reviews or titles or those kind of things.

Speaker  945248:00
No, not nothing. That's just noise. It's just about us. Like, once we get the win rate, we just we can either choose to stop polling if we want the all the little smaller polls is just to test lots of iterations in kind of a smaller sandbox. The larger sample size is just to get a statistically significant, like, more confident result, a higher confidence result, you can choose to I mean, we would just proceed. We would do the like. We would just be like, let's proceed with, uh, finalizing everything the testing. Of like unlocking titles and reviews and pricing, that's just like for me to understand where we would really be at at that price with no with no reviews. So you don't even need to do that if you don't want to, but everything you unlock in terms of what you show them, it's just, you know, would reflect more and more of a real market scenario. But you're always going to start with a little bit of a handicap when you enter a new market and you have no reviews and someone else has, like, 5000 so yeah,

Speaker  964608:00
and you found, because some, some the concern has been, who are these Intellivy customers? Like, who are these people? Are they even real customers? You have found that the insights you gained from the polls, when you apply them, I mean, your win rate, I'm guessing, is yes, but you've shown that this is very significant, that you can trust the results in these polls to product like, it matches the real market, real life market.

Speaker  970954:40
I feel like it's unrealistic to expect like 100% amazing, like, feedback from every single participant, because there's just so many people. But if, if they can get like 95% of them to be like real people, real answers that are not just like AI or not just copy paste, then that's like, you know, that's good enough. Like having somewhat, like, a couple answers which are shoddy show up and getting too caught up in that is just missing the signal for the noise. And yeah. So I don't know if that answer your question, but yeah, we've been able to

Speaker  981184:00
you're trying, yeah, yeah. But you've been finding that these tools, like, especially Intellivy, you've the results they've given you has matched like you're very confident then in trusting the results from the tool. Yeah, yes. Um, for the smaller polls, how many customers is usually that you mentioned the big 160 200 how many? Again, was the smaller polls? How many?

Speaker  986645:20
Depends. But usually, like, maybe we have we're testing a particular thing, like we're isolating a variable in there, like a box, like a packaging, and we have four different options. So maybe we'll do like, 40 or 50 participant per option. So it would be like end up being a 200 person poll, but we're testing four different things at 4050, people each. Okay, that's just little sandbox tests of each different thing.

Speaker  995136:00
Are you using AI at all for anything here, like for, I know some people in MDS have talked about even having a try to use AI insights to pick a winner. Have you tried doing anything like that with AI?

Speaker  998165:20
We are using some things at the moment. Yeah, we are using some things at the moment, but we built this pre before AI was usable for this, but now we're we are building like a framework with AI with this, both for ideation and then also even, like synthetic poll taking before we pay for the expensive polls. So it's really raw, like early stages right now. But yeah,

Speaker  1008058:40
okay, um, how do you there's so many different demographics you can hone in on with Intellivy in particular. How do you determine which ones fit your market? Like which ones to pick? Have you found that there's certain ones that you really focus on and others that you don't?

Speaker  1012816:00
Well, I mean, if you're going into a market, you should have an kind of an inkling of who the target consumers are. You could use AI or, like, even, like, a deep research kind of thing, Gemini or chat GPT, deep research report to kind of unveil, kind of a target audience report. You can do it that way. Yeah. Or if you, if you're at an existing market and you're developing for your own brand, like Amazon, give you a lot of data as well. Like, who, like, what's the split? Gender wise? What's the split? Like, income, education level, yeah. And then I don't know, like, with Cosmo as well, maybe you can look at kind of the Rufus data, and look at what gets said there. You can kind of reverse engineer maybe what that audience might be thinking about too.

Speaker  1026704:00
So do you then reflect that in your demographics in the poll? Like, do you then go in and change all that? Or do you try to keep it more generic? Like, do you go men, women, age, income, education? Do you mess with? Like, how much of that stuff do you mess with when you are doing the polls? Sometimes?

Speaker  1031061:20
Yeah. I mean, we try to keep, get make the most important things. Like, if I'm developing a diabetes, a product for the diabetes market, I'm gonna select diabetes. But if it's like, yeah, we kind of keep it like first, first level, like we would have maybe gender and age, that's important, and then one level extra, but going deeper, depending on the product, if it needs to go even deeper than that, then, you know, you might want to do that. But let's say I'm developing a kids product, which we have a kids brand. It would be like gender and age of the parents, plus have kids aged whatever the age is, and that's just like first level demographics.

Speaker  1044176:00
What about Amazon AB experiments? Do you use that at all as part of your process?

Speaker  1045695:59
Not in the development stage, but we do after, because we find that these polling platforms, they kind of because of the way they're set up their own. People are only given a limited amount of like options, so they already naturally inclined to try and look for as much information as possible within that limited amount of options. I mean, that's just not normal buying behavior. Normal buying behaviors. Search page, 48 results, instant impulse buy. So sometimes we would use the AB experiments to to test more, simpler visuals. And yeah, we would use that after to keep optimizing when we launch,

Speaker  1056704:00
you shared one of the ASINs that what you did is you did a relaunch on products that you said were selling pretty well, but you can make them sell even better for those. Did you relaunch those as a new asin, parent and child with the old one in order to get the reviews but a fresh honeymoon, or did you just completely stick to the same old product and just improve the offer

Speaker  1062565:20
same old product. We did new SKU, like add a condition on that same Asin. So it was like a different SKU, but the same Asin. So we sent in that so that we can sell out the old stock. Maybe took it offline for a day just to make sure the new images came through, and then activated the new SKU, closed out the old SKU. That way, it's less likely to have product condition complaints for inaccurate listings. Yeah, and

Speaker  1071338:40
then when you launch, you mentioned you do go cheaper than the other products. Is there like a percent, like around the Top competition you try to go under them? Is it like a drastically cheaper? Is it just a little bit cheaper? How do you generally think to position your product when you launch it?

Speaker  1076368:00
It's a choice, I mean, depends on your pricing of your product to how much margin you have, because the lower you go, price elasticity, kind of rules that, like, say that you'll get more demand the lower price you're going to go. So it just depends how fast you want to go and how much like you want to eat, how much you want to eat it at the start, like, generally, we'll have a target price and amount of sales per day. We want to sell the target price. So let's say my target price $20 I want to sell 100 units a day. Maybe I'll I'll set the price at $14 and my goal is to get to 250 units a day at $14 because I know as I'm going to increase my price, the demand is going to go lower, so that when I reach them, my target price, I'm going to have my goal at that that units per day. That's just a general kind of Yeah, off the top of my head.

Speaker  1090656:00
How long do you find it with this new process you're doing and then you're starting you're building with PPC, how long do you find that it takes to get to your target sales per day on average?

Speaker  1093477:20
Yeah, that's a great question. It depends on how well we've found, how strong your polling was. Like, at 50% it might take a couple months. 60% it might take a month. At 70% it might take a couple weeks, like they've seen, like a slingshot, yeah, any product that we've done that's gone over 65% 75% we've somehow got this like product market fit. It's just like, shot off like a rocket, and we've just had to slow it down very quickly. Yeah, it

Speaker  1101898:40
was, yeah, that's really quick, but it's quick, but it's kind of not quick, right? Because you took months to develop the product beforehand.

Speaker  1104383:59
Yeah, exactly

Speaker  1105120:00
so right now you're working on products you plan on launching a year from now?

Speaker  1106527:59
Yep, yeah. We have a pretty big pipeline now. We got three product developers, six designers, yeah, all working on this, yeah, that pipeline. Because, yeah, we have that. I think one of our weaknesses is, like, our project management, that's one of our big initiatives in the new year, is to make sure to, like, have better grasp of our deadlines for financial planning. Because the cashflow management has been, like, really not our strong suit, because we've just been growing so fast.

Speaker  1116922:39
Dang good problem to have. My man,

Speaker  1117466:40
yeah, yeah, it's great problem to have, but it's still a problem. So there's been times just where we've had our bank account obliterated to like, $4,000 like waiting for a disbursement to come in, which is, it's not a lot of it's not a lot of large balance for the volume that we were doing, and there's a high risk, because, like, if something went wrong, we would be screwed. But yeah, it's growing pains

Speaker  1125696:00
you did, would you be willing to share just what category your brand is in?

Speaker  1127461:20
Yeah, our biggest brand is in Toys and Games, and then we have a couple smaller brands, but our big focus now is like doubling down on that, because we have product market fit, and then our team seems to fit as well the way they produce the content and products. So we're leaning into that a little bit more smart. Great.

Speaker  1133722:40
Well, thank you for staying on extra 10 minutes, man, I think there's a lot of value in terms of what you've provided and how you can take action. I do want to encourage everyone try to take one point that he shared about and see if you can already run a test, run a pool, and see if you can even improve the click through rate, conversion rate of a product that you have. But I would, yeah, Sean, if you're open to it, I would love to give time for the members to practice implementing some things that you've shared. And maybe we can do a follow up where there can just be Q and A and people can share their experiences, and you can be able to share more because, yeah, I mean, you kind of have, you kind of like, solved the game. Then if you can have that high of a win rate, it's really, then just how fast can you launch

Speaker  1146197:20
Exactly? Yeah, well, I mean, now we're like, it's about going deep on the went on the heroes, so we can now, I can actually think about omni channel, and that actually becomes, like a legitimate thing for me, like for us as an organization. It's like, oh, we now we can think about, yeah, Tiktok and meta ads and DTC and figuring out that game, because we have, like, the margin now to kind of fund that initiative. So, yeah, fantastic.

Speaker  1154912:00
All right, man, thank you for coming on. For everyone. You will have this recording. Let's see. We'll have, we'll try to get them on the schedule again to be able to go through any questions and answers. I tried to, I think I went through almost every question that was in the chat.

Speaker  1158789:20
No, I just want to say as well message questions. They can just DM me, so that's fine.

Speaker  1161013:20
Yeah, cool. All right, thanks everyone for coming on and thank you, Sean, and we will see everyone there and go ahead and throw any insights or takeaways in the chat, it creates a cool energy, and it also creates FOMO for the people that couldn't come on.

Speaker  1164922:40
Thank you guys, amazing.

Speaker  1165386:40
Thank you. Thanks Sean, thank you everyone. Thank you.

Speaker  1167226:40
Thank you very much. Bye.
