MDS Logistics Channel Call
Date: July 03, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Chakra, from where? Sorry, hello, chakra.

Speaker  2464:00
And who is your who is the MDS member that you

Speaker  3440:00
and Iran and Iran?

Speaker  4783:59
I'm sorry, I don't know who that is, can you write that down in the chat so I can take a look? Yes, thank you.

Speaker  9189:20
Okay, I'll check that out now to See if we're okay for this, I I'm

Speaker  17104:00
I'm not aware of that MDS member. I've never heard of that name, or maybe

Speaker  18528:00
I haven't heard of that them either, so I'm gonna Check, but I'm just

Speaker  20400:00
having People join. See

Speaker  26853:20
oh, I'm I cannot find that person in our database. How did you get this invite? I

Speaker  38261:20
is for the 910, number, sorry, I was on mute. It's not for you, Paul. It's for Yeah.

Speaker  40981:20
I'm asking flutra. Sorry, yeah, I, I, how did you get that invite? Flutra, again, please. Maybe there's another name that's the member I cannot find you. Sorry. Uni. I might need to remove you if I cannot find you, just give me a sec.

Speaker  52208:00
There's there's another, yeah, there's another shot. She She said, Yuli, maybe I don't know why, yeah, kissing. I don't know why she's kissing, yeah,

Speaker  56053:20
yeah, I might need to remove you. I'm sorry if you try, maybe you can try to reach out. No, I don't. I don't remember, okay, Julie, either. Yeah,

Speaker  58549:20
she just shared with you the

Speaker  59514:40
Okay, who is that? That's so weird. Yeah, I don't know any of these people, so I'm gonna double check my my records, and if you want the member to just reach out to me, that'd be good too. But thank you, and I'm so sorry, but I cannot leave you here. Thank you so much. Bye.

Speaker  69680:00
Okay, and I don't know about about Paul. I don't know which Paul was that, but he just left.

Speaker  71813:20
Okay.

Speaker  72933:20
I don't know how that happened, to be honest. Could, could it be sent to someone acted accidentally? I don't know, yeah,

Speaker  75338:40
yeah, I don't think so, but I because the event that she shared was something that was created using the information about the of our event. So I don't know who shared that information in the first place,

Speaker  79962:40
unless that person has a business partner that who is in the MDS, and he's not in the MDS, yeah, so I don't know too Yeah.

Speaker  81968:00
Okay, I'm gonna We're live. Sorry, this took a minute, but I didn't want to have people that we told

Speaker  84864:00
me, I agree. Shall we give another minute or two? Or shall we get started? Because we still just have only

Speaker  87253:20
two more per minute, if you can, like, share your faces and everything, that would be great for, like, the morale of, yeah, and there's people I don't ask their who they are, because I know that Mari is Marie Ito. I know that Eric H is a coolie, yeah,

Speaker  92426:40
yeah, yeah.

Speaker  93514:40
People that I want, June and Ahmed both have their their full names too. Hey, Eric. But I guess yeah, we can just get and we'll see how it goes,

Speaker  97392:00
perfect. I'll just wait for you to hit the recording, and then I'll get started.

Speaker  98304:00
Thanks for the reminder. Now we are recording. Welcome everyone. Thanks mo for joining us again.

Speaker  100496:00
Yeah, hello everyone. I think this is our Today is July 3. I think this is our third report call

Speaker  102869:20
for this year.

Speaker  103493:20
Very happy to be part of this channel and moderating it. I think for today, it's sort of going to be like open discussion. If anyone has questions or you guys want to discuss specific topic, I'm happy to help. I'd love to have interactive discussion between all of us, so that way it becomes very interactive, if you can. Guys, yeah, happy to give any updates as well. Maybe I'll just give a quick, quick update, and then I'll ask if anyone wants to discuss anything in specific. So I'm not sure if you guys have seen I posted on the MDS and in our channel about the new changes for for for the box, what we call the master cartoons, or the shipping cards. So this is only for the US, as everyone knows it used to be, I mean, 25 by 25 by 25 inches, and the weight is 50 pound. So Amazon just did a recent change, as of June the 30th. Now, for length, you can go up to 36 inches. So that's 11 inches extra. And I believe this is a good change, because as long as you're not close to 50 pounds, I think you can add in a few more units, and then you bring your unit cost down, especially if you use, like a WD or any three pls that that they charge a fixed fee per Carton. This is a very good, good option, yeah. And then the other update, I've been super lucky the past two, three weeks. I mean, getting a lot on the West Coast, AWD, so I don't know. I thought it would be harder, because we're close to Prime Day, but no issues so far, which is good. Other thing, hopefully everyone is well prepared for Prime Day. If you haven't, if you haven't sent enough, I don't know if you can make it or not, but hopefully everyone has been well well prepared, because this time it's four days, not two days, wishing the best for everyone. And Yeah, happy Prime Day in advance. Yeah. So now, yeah, I'll just leave. I'll just leave. I'll turn the floor for anyone has questions. I see you, Eric, here today, you have, I mean, sorry, just sorry if I'm pointing at you. But I know it's spoken a lot in the past about many things, yeah,

Speaker  143610:40
yeah. Give me maybe somebody else can go. Give me a few minutes. I just want to go somewhere where I can somewhere where I can talk cowork,

Speaker  145184:00
yeah, yeah, sure, yeah. Uh, June, are you there? Yeah,

Speaker  148176:00
hey, Mo, yeah, I am.

Speaker  148640:00
I mean, I'm good yourself. Any recent, uh, things, anything you've seen in the past 1020, 30 days, yeah, uh,

Speaker  150965:20
logistics related?

Speaker  151413:20
Yes, yes, logistic related, yeah.

Speaker  152469:20
Ah, not exactly logistics related. I saw some stuff here where China is starting to make Amazon report on Chinese sellers. So Amazon has a Chinese entity, and they're kind of forcing Amazon to report on seller income outside of China.

Speaker  158330:40
Oh, wow, interesting.

Speaker  158746:40
Yeah. I saw it in my local group here, so like Hong Kong and China. So it was like, oh, that's crazy. It was all in Chinese, so, but, oh, wow. So I guess they're thinking about taxing them, or, I don't know,

Speaker  162240:00
yeah, that's, that's, that's good for us. Yeah, I've also, I'm sure everyone saw that Trump made a deal with Vietnam, Vietnam, nothing yet between USA and China, but, but I'm hearing a lot that's going to be good thing about we'll see, because we're all waiting for that 90 day expiry, you know, and everyone's just like shipping like crazy, because we don't know when it's going to change too. Yeah,

Speaker  169637:20
yeah. The other big thing is, if you guys are on Shopify, Shopify has a major change, like it broke all our pixels and all our analytics, so they are implementing cookies that Shopify controls, and then, based on that, you have to adjust your privacy policy and then get managed consent. And it's all done through Shopify now and then, then you can give you can basically Shopify becomes a data processor, and it's closer to first party, basically. But then you have to go relink all of your your Google ads, your Facebook your meta ads, and then consent to sharing the information. So you update your privacy policy on Shopify to say, I'm going to use this data and share it with meta and Instagram and Tiktok and Google, and then you can Shopify will connect by API to give data on audiences, and that's going to boost your ad performance overall. But it's it's a major overhaul. They're implementing this already now, but I think by 20 the 25th of July,

Speaker  188922:40
nice. Yeah. And then

Speaker  190106:40
you can actually set campaigns within their in omni channel campaigns. But now it means that probably a lot of your stuff might not be performing as well until you fix that on your website. Nice, yeah,

Speaker  194048:00
I'm just trying to see if they if there's any use date for any new deal, but I don't see anything yet. But this is something should come soon. Yeah, I've seen also the shipping has been stable too. Yeah, we've seen a bit of increase last week. It's a bit down too. But nothing, nothing crazy. I was worried that we, we go back like COVID time. But luckily, no, I'm, I'm happy for that, too. What else? Yeah, those, those sort of like the recent, uh, updates I have for you guys, uh, anyone, anyone else has any questions? Yeah,

Speaker  205530:40
I could go ahead. I mean, I have, yeah, we, we started doing direct. We have a warehouse in New Jersey, but we started doing direct FBA, mostly from China. I'm curious about how DDP is going to work from Vietnam. Hopefully, it's possible, because we started buying from Vietnam a little bit too. That's one thing, but maybe it's a bit too early to tell.

Speaker  210784:00
Yeah, what this is one of the things that I'm also not sure about, because I know China is very equipped with DDP, and no any other countries has that DDP method. So even at one time, people were saying, Oh, we're going to source from Vietnam because it's cheaper, but they I mean, again, you're not doing a right comparison, because once you DDP shift from China, maybe the prices is close to what you or cheaper even what you're getting from Vietnam to it'll be interesting if Vietnam will will evolve one day and become like China, and they offer sort of those. PbT, yeah, but I don't know, like, I think China has really good system with that. Yeah. Are you shipping to five locations? FBA, where are you paying the taxing fee?

Speaker  223706:40
No, yeah, we ship to two. It doesn't allow us to for some reason, we are you

Speaker  224944:00
oversized? Yeah?

Speaker  225472:00
Well, we have oversized. We usually ship to four every time we have a shipment. LT, whatever. DDP, it's for its oversize. And standard Canada and US, so it's four total,

Speaker  228144:00
yeah? Because I know the oversize is a bit different, they get less, but standard shouldn't get you five, yeah, yeah, yeah, we, we do a WD most of the time. But I've done also some comparison, like, math wise, I think sending to sending five PDT shipment is getting close to what, what sending to AWD and from AWD to have VA two. So that's another option. So basically, I was thinking, if I need something and if something get a sudden the next 60 days or so, then just send direct five shipments. If you need to store like, like now, we need always like For now we need to store because we don't know what's going to happen with the tariffs. So we see a DVD as an option also, like, yeah, tactical logistics also came with a new solution too. I haven't tried it yet. That's the option. Thing is 195 per PADD, but they're on the West Coast too. Yeah,

Speaker  243056:00
you prefer to store AWD over three PL.

Speaker  243968:00
So three PL is my this is my problem. Like, I love tactical being working with them before switching to AWD for the four past four or five years. Their storage fees is much cheaper than anywhere else, even than AWD. But my problem is the transportation fee. Like, even though it's 195 I think with AWD, I'm getting about $90 per PADD, yeah, so it's a bit tough, like, even if I add the storage fees plus that, still, I think if tactical, bring one day the transportation fee prepared from 195 to to maybe 151 40, then it becomes more attractive, because then yeah, but yeah, the only thing you know they WD you have just a plan in advance. You don't expect your stuff in a chicken though I had stuff. Like, I had the one SKU running low last week, I sent it from AWD, and I was surprised, three shipments checked and received in 48 hours. So we get, sometimes super lucky with AWD, like, sometimes they take two weeks, sometimes one week, sometimes few days. So yeah, very hard to know. Like, is it going to be fast or not? But end of the day, the shipment leaves. I mean, if there's any issues, we can check with AWD support. They can let us know. They can track that tracking as well. I mean, if you use your Amazon partner carrier, would that be? There's no way. There's no even line of communication. Like, that's something sort of, I like it about, AWD, yeah, you and

Speaker  267466:40
you can depend on auto jerk feature, or you manually.

Speaker  268522:40
I We do both. We do both, but more manual than auto, yeah, I think one reason why I like manual, it forces, forces my VA to check the check inventory every week, if it's auto, he's gonna sleep. And I was like, Oh, I trust the system. It's working well. So I think I like more manual. I mean, that way we review everything once a week, and then we see, do we need to order more? Do we need to send more? Do we need a new purchase orders? I think if it's an auto, then I feel the VA will not work, like will not do the they will not do their jobs. Yeah, I still have to approve it, of course, but yeah. I mean, sometimes we get the discount, sometimes, no, because they need at least 70% auto. And honestly, it's very hard to track, to track it, and to know, am I hitting the 70? There's a dashboard they show you how much, but it's just very hard. Yeah. So for us, yes, we're paying little bit more, but I think it's peace of mind that we don't go out of stuff. Yeah,

Speaker  283402:40
okay, and you, but the auto drip is off, or it's on. Like, do you leave it on?

Speaker  284922:40
Yes, but most of the time we have to send something because, for example, yeah, they don't know what's gonna be. Our sales on Prime Day, they don't know, like, based on, on the past four years, we don't do 2x 3x on prime. We do like, 789, x. So even though they send more, it's not enough, yeah? But because we we do a lot of intervention, we don't get that 70% auto, so we don't get the discount, yeah, which is fine, yeah.

Speaker  292736:00
Okay. Thank you, thanks.

Speaker  293184:00
Yeah, any you also shipped to Canada. How are things to because I know when, when I used to ship to Canada, direct. It used to take time because of the train, yeah, how? How are things now? Is it? Is it okay? I know it's lead time. It's more than USA, but sometimes even the

Speaker  298229:20
FBA, like, we updated it a bit. We still, we also ship out of our warehouse as well. We do both. So we started, yeah, we do both. We want to kind of empty the warehouse, but all the new stuff comes from China direct. The lead times are okay, but we just started with FBA. We used to do NARF. And we started with slow volume, so that fit fast, and then, you know, slowly. So we don't want to over start candidate. Also nice, ideally, it's not perfect at all. I mean, the system needs to, we need a few more months for the system to kind of work. The forecasting to, yeah, for

Speaker  307216:00
sure, because it's and honestly, I tell everyone, if you, if you go from NARF to non NARF, you see at least two Excel, at least, at least at that minimum. Yeah,

Speaker  309328:00
the graphics are crazy. Yeah,

Speaker  309829:20
crazy. Yeah, that's

Speaker  310293:20
what we think in Europe. But I don't know that's a bit more complicated. So

Speaker  311285:20
for Europe, I only add because I'm in Europe too. But I advice if you want to start, just start with UK first, and then test out the market. We have here Ahmad. He's he knows a lot about Europe, more than me. Even they're interested in all the EU countries, so he can give feedback if you have anything specific, but yeah, start with UK, because it's the simplest one. See how it goes, and then from there, decide, yeah, but remember, UK is not Europe anymore because, because of the break that so like in the past, when you have an important number in the UK, like they call them an eORI or ri, that would work for any EU country, but now, no, this is for the UK, and then you need to get another EUA number for the whole EU doesn't matter which country, but it's things change, yeah. And honestly, you would, you would hear mixed opinions. Like, people say, yeah, it's good. People say it sucks. So yeah, I say, just take it easy. Maybe take the top skews, test fuel market, and then see how it goes. But always the best test when you send direct. If you can't, if you cannot do direct, then tiny you another option, yeah. But direct is the best, yeah. But I understand sometimes it's very challenging. You cannot do direct to eight EU countries. You would have to depend on one or two and then and then, like, yeah, depend on one or two, and then that specific country will drip feed other marketplaces. Something today, you know, I know this is about logistics, but something that, you know, UK has PBA, which is like, you know, with UK is like Canada. When you import inventory, you have to pay that at import. Canada is only 5% we call it GST. And the UK it's that it's 20% so as long, I mean, if you work with AGL, they have PVA freight forwarder, not all of them. So the idea of PVA, you delay that import, back that 20% and then you pay it when you file your VAT. So this has been a great thing for us, because it's good for cash flow, and then you don't have to worry, because, say, you import inventory that it's 100,000 euro pound, you're not gonna pay that 2000 pounds up on import, because you haven't sold anything yet, you know? So I think they changed that a few years ago, and it has been a game, game changer. So highly recommend, of course, eu. It depends. You cannot do that with Germany, you can do that with Netherlands. You can do that with Belgium. So even EU is a bit tricky, because, say, you still in Germany, you don't want to shift to Germany, you want to ship to Netherlands because because of the PBA. So that's something, but for UK, it's very easy. That's why I say, just give it a test. Yeah, margins are a bit lower, but FBA fees are less than Canada and USA in general. Yeah. Okay, yeah.

Speaker  359557:20
Hi, Cruz, I think we spoke before. How are you?

Speaker  360597:20
Hi, how are you? Yes, sorry, I was no worr.

Speaker  361829:20
No worries any. Any recent things? Sorry, Eric, Eric, do you have any other comments or questions?

Speaker  363930:40
Thank you? Yeah, thanks, yeah. Thank you, yeah,

Speaker  365466:40
yeah, anything new Cruz, I know we spoke in the past,

Speaker  366474:40
but I think that we, we are very good with all the things you are talking we also have experience in UK, Germany, so it was interesting to listen to you,

Speaker  371120:00
yeah, how was the experience so far? It's too early, yeah,

Speaker  371968:00
is no, we are a very good now, the sales are increasing a lot. So it's a good year to Europe and UK for us, it's a new is a new market, but

Speaker  376917:20
as German better or UK better? Which one? Which one better Germany or UK or equal,

Speaker  378037:20
is Germany? For us, Germany, but they are very bad with Germany. We have the advantage that we sell in other countries of Europe is talking our having our stock in Amazon Germany, so that's good for us. And yes, the sellers, we are very good with that. So now, yes, we are. Canada is one of the our markets that is not very good. We have problems with the transit time between China to Canada because of the strikes that we are having in the in in Canada, but we are dealing with that and having more DUIs of a in, in Amazon. For that,

Speaker  392549:20
I used to, I used to defeat Canada from USA, but then after we got ahead with the tariffs, it's not an option anymore. So now we do, yeah, we do direct to Canada from China, but we allow, like, two months even the time, just because, yes,

Speaker  397290:40
maybe, but yes, is something that we are trying to see, the possibility of increased sales, but it's very difficult. I don't know why it's not the best market for us, maybe because we have a lot of competition. But yes, we are in in Europe. We are very good.

Speaker  402528:00
So that's nice, nice to hear that

Speaker  403552:00
yes, and we did also directly from China to our Netherlands, free bill because we have a free builder, and also directly to Amazon. And now there is, like a pilot, I don't know if you are like, from Asia, yes, that is directly to the boundary of deposits in the customs of Netherlands. And then they split to Germany and UK. So we are, oh, today I have a meeting, so next month I can tell you about that. Oh, nice.

Speaker  413082:40
I didn't hear about

Speaker  413338:40
they do everything. They the customs and everything. So I need to learn more, because I have only the PDF, but it will

Speaker  415594:40
be expanding. Yeah, we just started expanding to Germany. So I think in two weeks we gonna get that number. But my main issue now the eORI. I mean, they don't give any more eORI numbers in Germany, because,

Speaker  418992:00
yeah, but now Amazon started to have a Netherlands, like the deposit in Netherlands. Also, this is, how did you get,

Speaker  421088:00
how did you get the eORI number? Did you get it from Germany, Netherlands, or that's not your department?

Speaker  422341:20
No, it's not my department. I didn't exist in that moment. But a in the company, but we have the Germany and the UK and the Netherlands, I can investigate about that with SIM card. Yeah, tell you what. Yeah, yes. I think that now a in Amazon, they are starting to, like, expand, and they want to have also the Netherlands deposits of FDA, and it's nice, maybe you have the only of Netherlands,

Speaker  430026:40
yeah, because I'm trying, I want to store it alone, because it's one of the cheapest. But the thing is, it's by invitation only. Like, still now it's by invitation, uh, Amazon, Netherland? Yeah, I don't know why I try with my account manager in Europe, but said, not possible at the moment go. It'll be nice to store in Netherlands, because when you send shipments from China, Netherland and Belgium are like one of the main ports, and then Netherland can distribute Japan EU to all other EU countries. Yeah?

Speaker  437845:20
Well, we have our football there because it was the better.

Speaker  438805:20
Yeah. Do you always send? Do you always send to actually PL, or do you do direct sometimes, or both, or just only when

Speaker  440837:20
we have, like, urgency stock that we need in Amazon, we create a air shipments with agile, but if from China, but if not, we have our free bill in Netherlands, and we ship there.

Speaker  444602:40
Because very happy, very happy with that three PL No, any issues, yeah,

Speaker  445546:40
yes, it's a little bit expensive. So this new pilot, it will be fantastic for us. We need to try to understand better our because we the markets of UK and EU, for us, they are very new, and the sales increase a lot and then get down. So we need to understand better the the our market there, but because maybe you have long term fees, sometimes we are dealing with all the things of three years ago or two years ago with that, and we are trying to clean that part, but it's a lot of money that we lost there, so we are trying to do our best estimation. And this pilot is sent directly to Amazon, so if I have a like something, that it will be a better because it's very expensive, our free bill now, but they are very good. And

Speaker  461066:40
what's the program name? They have a name, the pilot program name? Does it have a name or no? Yes, I'd be interested to look it up. Yeah,

Speaker  462906:40
yes. Talk with your account manager of agile if you have it.

Speaker  464170:40
Yeah, I have one, yeah,

Speaker  464672:00
perfect. Today I have the meeting with a without my account manager, and can talk about that of the that you need, like a recommendation to to stock in Netherlands. How is that a because I don't know, we have a little time ago, the eORI maybe it's for that one.

Speaker  469829:20
Yeah, maybe, yeah, because the new ones I'm trying now to get to get it another land through avasc, because I could not get Germany. It's not possible. I mean, France is another option, but France is expensive to maintain your event, and then filings too as well. So trying to avoid France, yeah. I mean, Ahmed, maybe you can say something about it. So,

Speaker  476026:40
for, for the, you know, I think the French is the easiest one. I mean, personally, we I did the application for myself. I think 24 hours you have the URI, if you have the VAT number,

Speaker  478986:40
can, can I do it, even if I am international company, like, not a

Speaker  480256:00
company. I mean, for us, we do. We have, like, a US entity. And I applied. I mean, in the website of the the customs and the 24 hours, 48 hours, you will have the URI number, no question asked. No question asked. Yes,

Speaker  484896:00
nice, nice. So the question is, the question is, the UK also is because what they told me, they told me, they told me, If I get an Eora in France, then I have an obligation to to file that in France. So that's not true. I mean, say if I have, say, if I don't sit in France, I don't touch France, yeah,

Speaker  490341:20
do you have a VAT number in France, no.

Speaker  491082:40
So say, if I have that in Germany, but I cannot get an eORI in Germany because they don't accept any more foreign companies.

Speaker  493098:40
Yes, I said it in the beginning, yes, you need to have the VAT number in France.

Speaker  494282:40
So the VAT number must be a French number. Can it be a German or any other country? Yeah,

Speaker  495674:40
no, yes, yes. I mean, then you already always it follows. I mean, there was, if you ask, for example, if you have like German URI, they will ask you why you are applying for, for for fan. So it needs to follow. We have an Estonian company also, and yes, we try to apply for the URI number in France. And they said that you have, like, a historian company you need to apply in the Estonian. For the hurry, yes, for, I think the Estonian, I don't know how easy for you to create.

Speaker  505637:20
Yeah, I've looked at it. It's easy, but I just don't want to have too many company structures, and then the Estonian would become. Would become the important company for my company, for my Canadian company. So just a bit more. I mean, this is my worst case option, if I can get an eORI, but I'm trying. It seems Abbas, they have some good connections, and Netherlands, they said they could give me an eORI, even if I don't have a bad number in Netherlands. So we'll see how, we'll see how it goes, yeah, yeah. But yeah, it's been

Speaker  513584:00
crazy. They will ask you, I mean, when you are filling the form, yeah, they will ask you for a number. It's a serious number, and this number, it will be attributed when you have a fiscal representative here,

Speaker  516544:00
yeah. Also my other, my other problem in France that they need a physical representative, and I want to avoid that, yeah, like,

Speaker  518485:20
yes. I mean, for me, I'm working with the with the VAT AI, and they are doing very great. I mean, it's the process is very good. And, I mean, it's a little bit expensive, comparing to the other, comparing to Germany, I think, and others. But I think in France, yeah, I'm

Speaker  522389:20
working with them for Germany too. But I thought they were not sort of honest about the Iori. And then after I paid for that, it was like, Oh, do you need an eORI? And then, oh, you cannot get one in Germany. So that's the thing I didn't like, yeah. But other than Yeah, I like them online, and they have a good UI very fast, but we will figure out, I mean, I should get the VAT number in a month or less, I'll figure out the URI. I mean, hopefully I can get something, because Germany has, even if you Google, Germany, no more no more performance, yeah. Well,

Speaker  530784:00
what's the reason? I mean, that's the you can guess, like the Euro number in Germany.

Speaker  532224:00
They said they changed rules a few months ago, and they don't accept, uh, any foreign companies to have eORI number? Yeah, that's that. That's sort of what they said, Yeah. Okay, I see, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  536405:20
there is something I'm doing, like, the next month, which is importing from Turkey to Germany for the first time. I don't know how you were talking before, about, like, being the VAT, because when before we were importing from, I mean, from 2k directly to France, and we don't pay the VAT. It's like a German it's like France. It's delayed, it's auto liquidated, let's say, yeah. But in Germany, I don't know if we need to pay the vat or not. Yeah, interesting.

Speaker  544106:40
I know Germany, one is not, does not participate in the PVA program. So all the MDS numbers I spoke to, they don't ship direct to Germany. They ship to Netherlands, Belgium, Poland, those countries that they have PVA. Otherwise, it's a mess. Also, I heard also for Germany, that new is based on the retail price, not on cops, too. That's another thing that I don't like Germany, yeah, so that's why, yeah. So that's another challenge, I think, too. So maybe you want to check before you ship the shipment, yeah?

Speaker  552805:20
Yeah, I'll check it. Sure.

Speaker  553429:20
Okay, I got the program. Thank you. Yeah. Sorry,

Speaker  554325:19
perfect. Sorry. You're telling that when you ship from China to Germany, you don't ship directly to Germany when we are,

Speaker  557706:40
yeah, unless that's why, I think that's why Ahmed Asia has this program. He said, The bonded cross dock. I think it's sort

Speaker  560352:00
of now we are sending our stock to a fulfillment center in Germany, but

Speaker  562416:00
through, through, through,

Speaker  562912:00
like intense one, it ends in Netherlands,

Speaker  563696:00
no directly to Amazon, from from recent to our free bill in Netherlands and then to Germany, yeah, no, the air shipment in that case, yes, they bond in English,

Speaker  568453:20
yeah.

Speaker  568805:20
And then to Germany, that tax with the VAT returns there

Speaker  570629:20
because they asked, I asked. They said, don't worry about it. We know the tricks. We never ship direct to Germany. We will always use a country where we where we are, part of PVA. And I know PVA works well with AGL, because I ship AGL to United Kingdom. And I never pay import. I never pay

Speaker  575002:40
because of the VGA return. But they are so a minimum. Minimal ourselves, a directly to Amazon from China that our shipments, so we lost that money. But a Yes, first we did a China, Netherlands, Netherlands, a Germany. I was okay. I

Speaker  581040:00
want to

Speaker  581328:00
understand, yeah, I'm not

Speaker  582005:20
sure. Yeah, Ahmed for you turkey. So I don't know much from Turkey. I know only from China. AGL options. So you might want to look into options before you just ship right away to Germany. Yeah, exactly. I

Speaker  585253:20
have one question for the AGL. What is the AGL program in Germany? I mean, how is structural, how you can enroll in this program.

Speaker  587050:40
So it's the same thing. Once you have one account in Europe, once you have one account manager in Europe, you sort of have access to AGL in all the EU countries, provided that you have one eORI number. And of course, your bat registered. So as So, once you sign up your account with AGL in Europe, you sort of have access to all EU, and you have one account manager that takes care of everything. Like, for example, my, my, my, my account manager in the US handles all my AGR, even in the EU as well. Like, I don't know if that's the same for you Cruz, it's just one person, yeah, just one person for all these, uh,

Speaker  597583:59
that because you know each other a lot. I joke with him a lot, so it's fantastic.

Speaker  599189:20
Yeah, for you Ahmed, if you want, I can ask him if he can take more accounts and happy to do an intro. But yeah, I mean the only, the only downside with AJR that they don't do DDP, like, DDP, the Chinese way. Like, I don't know if that's matters for you, but for you, if you're shipping, it depends. Like, this is why many MDS numbers avoid AGL, because you cannot do DDP. I mean, you can, you can lower your own invoices, but if the AGL finds out, they might not like it. I mean, plus, there's no DDP, that's the thing. Yeah. So for me, I use only AGL for the UK, because my staff are zero duties in the UK. I don't know why, but it seems many items are, do you guys also have zero duties in the UK? Or no? Yes,

Speaker  610608:00
yeah. I have in free products, maybe, but there are 5% or 6% is,

Speaker  612352:00
yeah, so, so there's no point doing DDP, so I just use actual invoices, ajl, and it's been, it's been really good. Like, especially with appointments to Amazon, I don't have to fight with my freight forward, because they are Amazon, they get away to find appointments. Like, I have just a shipment, you know, just just delivered, and the appointment is just four or five days from now, which is even technically before Prime Day. Yeah.

Speaker  619109:20
Okay, nice. And do they have, like the AWT in in Europe? Also, I think they have something in Germany?

Speaker  621082:40
No, I don't know, but

Speaker  621834:40
not in Germany, not in not in Germany, not in any other country I'm aware of. But I have rumors saying that there is a WD in China, but I cannot confirm that. I've heard rumors that there is a new program where they have an AWD in China that you would ship from your supplier to AWD China, and then AWD China work with AGL and then ship your shipment to Amazon or a WD even. And the price is really, like crazy low, yeah, but, I mean, I can't confirm that. I've heard from a friend of mine who is in Chinese groups, you know, but I cannot confirm it, yeah, but that's the only thing I'm sort of aware of. But no AWD, yet in any other countries, yeah?

Speaker  634837:20
Yes. And one question for Asia, so the departure need to be from China, or they also departures from other countries.

Speaker  636506:40
Yeah. So now they started first with China, and now they do Taiwan, Vietnam, Cambodia as well. So they're expanding, but nothing yet outside Asia like I mean, I would want them to do to Canada, not yet, unfortunately. Yeah. So still, still, like, very, like, not many countries. But it's getting better and better. They keep adding, yeah, yes,

Speaker  643872:00
yeah. Okay, nice, nice. Yes. For us, we don't look a lot of China. We do, like turkey with also made in EU. So, yes, that's why. And for our for our side, we start a lot in in our three period, we have one three period that it's in North of France. It's, I think, three hours from the Port of Rotterdam. And, yeah, I mean, one of the updates that we have from our side for the largest society for this week, which is where we enrolled. I mean, maybe one of the first sellers to the FBT, fulfilled by Tiktok in Europe, which is just launched. And yes, we are testing the how, how they are, I mean, the program. And yes, so they launched only, I mean, they have warehouses in Germany and in Spain. So to enroll, you need to have the VAT numbers in both countries. You may store only in Germany or in Spain. So it's up to choose. The shipping rates are very, very, very interesting. I think they offer also the shipping fees for 90 days, I think. And, yeah, I mean the appointment and, and, and, like, the shipping is, like Amazon, and they don't have, also, they don't have a transport inbound, inbound, transport, like, like UPS. So you need to ship to directly to to the warehouse. They have also Tiktok shipping. I mean, it's the same as us, but it's only for if you have a warehouse in Germany. And also interesting, reaches, nice,

Speaker  670010:40
nice, yeah. Are you happy with the PPL in France?

Speaker  671642:40
Yes, yes. I mean, we're happy he, he is, I mean, advantage of this retail he, he is one of the, I mean, one of his biggest customers is Amazon founder. So each day they have trucks that goes to Amazon vendor. So, so it means that they have very, very good rate of transport to send to ship to Amazon. So the idea is, he is a big seller. And also he used some Amazon sellers, and they have, there is also an MDS sellers that we compensate each other. I mean, he has 30% of his shipment by like by customers like us, for example, in order to at the end of the year, he negotiates the the rate with the transport. He say, I mean, by saying that this is the volume that we have, we need to have good, like better rates for us. It's very good because, I mean, alone we, we will never have this rate. And he is happy also to to compensate his his volume is

Speaker  688442:40
nice. Nice, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, let me know if you need me to ask my AGL or if you can take more accounts happy to do an intro for you Ahmed, just you know how to reach me offline. Yeah? Okay,

Speaker  693136:00
yeah, okay. Thank you.

Speaker  693685:20
Yeah, cool, very good insights about those expansions and other stuff, which is, I think, still pulled on the logistics. Anyone else has any other questions? I know today we have a low number, I guess because summer, everyone is traveling, but happy to see some places here. Yeah, I just wait few minutes if no one, we could probably end the call. Yeah,

Speaker  701178:40
I'm thinking we have some troubles with a shipments from a AWD to FBA in us. We talked about this three months ago, and here all a grade manually, the shipments between AWD to FBA. I wanted to know if you continue with that way. We started to do manually. We are very good now. We don't have so much issues, but our account manager is asking why we are doing that, because they are having a lot of improvements there. And also the fees are better if you do automatic.

Speaker  712949:20
I mean, you can, you can switch, but you need to keep an eye on it. Like, keep an eye like,

Speaker  714933:20
because it's a lot of when we create a manually, we have a lot of orders, but they are less than when we do a automatically,

Speaker  717594:40
yeah, I like

Speaker  718282:40
no, 1000 maybe,

Speaker  718746:40
yeah, exactly like the manual. Maybe you need to do only two shipments per month that split each one to five. That's 10. But if they do order, they're gonna do every day 20 units, 30 unit study. And then the VA has to reconcile 1000 shipments per month. So I don't know if even I know this is

Speaker  724320:00
what I would say One day a because maybe we have, I don't want to have, like, the out of stock in FBA, but we are sending a lot of stock now to FBA, so I think that is impossible.

Speaker  727557:20
But one, like one hack, I do like, I know when they split up to five shipments, one or two would go to a California FC. So for example, sometimes I worry if there's any late so I split that shipment into two. That means I get five plus 510 at least. I get two or three West Coast California. And I know those should check in within 24 to 48 hours, and it works most of the time. And I don't know about your account, but in my account, I can see, even when they make the appointment too, like there's an option, like it was disabled. I don't know how I enable it back, but basically, when you go to that, when you go to the tracking for the shipment, yes, show, show, delivery, appointment, and that gives you an idea, oh, I'm not gonna just wait like that. It's gonna check in five days. Even if they are delayed, and they delay it by one day, they'll show the new day too, which is very nice tool, because then, you know, okay, I know windows are going to check in, yeah. To be honest, it got improved. I think the only thing they need to do is the holidays q4 if they can, like, manage it very well, then we in a very good positions. But the only there's no way we can know. I mean, other than just sending stock early in advance, yeah,

Speaker  748394:40
yes, perfect question for Yes, I WD so, so is it like, I mean, can you send, for example, the B to be orders, like, outside of Amazon and the B to C, or it's only for for Amazon.

Speaker  753312:00
Yeah, you can do that. They have something called MCV. It's like MCF, but they call it MCD, which is like multi channel distribution. That's what they call it. And I have done it. For example, I was low and stuck in Canada, so I had to send from AWD to my three pi in California, and then after that, I again, they don't ship to Amazon Canada. But then after that, I use my own trucking company to ship from three PR in California to Amazon Canada. But they can basically ship any cases you want, any number of cases, to anywhere in the US. Yeah, yes. The only disadvantage what I don't like so far, when you ask them to do them as pallets, because pallets are cheaper, you can only do one single pallet. You cannot mix cues in a pallet which I don't like because, for example, in my SKUs to qualify for pallets, I need think cases per pallet. But the thing is, if I do think cases, that's partial palettes, because my palace could go up to 36 cases. So that's the part I do not like, because you want to track truck is cheaper. So the only other option is SPD ups. Doesn't matter. You can mix, smash, whatever you want, but that's more expensive. And when AWD started, the transportation fee was fixed no matter what. So it was really nice, whether you sent to New York or whether you sent to Midwest, it was very nice. I would, I would do a hack back in the day, and instead of shipping to Canada using my own carry I would use a WD to ship to East Coast, and then from the East Coast I just find any local talking company, and then I would cut my cost by 70% but in the past few months, they change thing, and it's per distance. And nice thing, when you do the MCD, you see a code online. It will give you a code online. It will give you how much it costs to do it by SPD or by LTL. So you see both options. And even if you try to put a low number of carton, they say you're not eligible for LTL, because you need, I think, cartoons for that skull UI, which is way, way improving. They also have a special email as well for MCD. They put it down for you if something happens. You can customize your packing list too. I think you can also add labels if you have your own label, not for Amazon, like maybe for our retail or something. Yeah, I haven't tried, I haven't tried that yet. Yeah. So it's getting better, for sure. I mean, like, they sort of want to control everything, yeah,

Speaker  791861:20
yeah. And how about, like, shipping the orders to to Shopify, for example, orders, is that possible? Or it's only,

Speaker  793541:20
yeah, it's only B to B, not yet. Maybe one day, yeah, not yet. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I think, I think for Shopify orders, they depend on Amazon MCF. That's what I do for my Tiktok shop. So there's no point. AWD would do it if Amazon can do it. I mean, you want Amazon to do it because Amazon is have warehouses, fulfillment centers and all over the state. It doesn't make sense. AWD will will do B to C, MCR, because there are only five six A, WDS in all the USA. Unlike Amazon fulfillment center, there's over 300 fulfillment center in all over USA. So I guess that's why I don't think it will ever

Speaker  804096:00
change. And it happened that when you activate like the auto like, I mean transferring from IW to FBA, that you run out of stock or never.

Speaker  807221:20
So, yeah, this is the problem. When they started oil, I had issues with getting low in stock. Some people got out of stock because they didn't do money. Well, some people, they have variation. It didn't calculate correctly. So I've been hearing it improves, but honestly, I still do not like it, because it forces either me or my VA to do weekly check and then do the exercise. If you do auto, I feel like your VA will not do anything. Will say, Okay, I trust the system. Yeah, I'm hearing good things. It's improving, but I don't know. I still like manual, even though I'm paying more, I still like manual. I feel like it's more control. Yeah, I hate splitting up the shipment into 1000 shipment per month, and then your VA have to reconcile those 1000 shipments. You know, you have to reconcile to like there's any missing units, it's going to be disaster. Yeah,

Speaker  821552:00
we did automatically was a very frustrating because we have, like the control to the in the end of the month, and there was a lot of shipments, and with no reception of the units in FDA, when we track the ID, there was close without receiving any units. But when we ask by via email to a WD, ah, yes, you receive it as unknown events, other events, but you receive it, it was like very difficult to track that information. So that's my reason that we changed

Speaker  832512:00
Yeah, we do this too as well, like the moment we see after two weeks, if not all the Units received, we ask them, Is it to Steve, but unknown event? Or now? We download the Inventory Report, and then you can see that unknown event thing too, but that's, I think, even with money, what happened with me? That's just maybe one two time, but maybe with autos more, yeah, I mean, again, there's nothing wrong. I mean, you want to try auto try, but just keep an eye on it. I mean, I mean, like, for example, the order will not know that you might ask your sales on Prime Day. I mean, maybe things you don't

Speaker  841109:20
want to do, the product that you want to have, yes or yes in stock in or you have, like, scary of being out of stock. And you can choose one to create automatic orders. And then you can then continue with the manual. I was thinking about that from two products that we saw a lot about. I am keep thinking so from now, from the Prime Day.

Speaker  848650:40
Okay, yeah. Thank you for the internship. There is one point that I want to add, if it's possible, I mean, this is something that, I mean, it's a challenge for us, which is recently, I mean, this week, we opened the new vendor account in Middle East, in Saudi and in the UAE.

Speaker  853621:20
So I

Speaker  853829:20
don't know, yes, I don't know if you have some connections for some people's they are already doing this to for for the transport, we know that we need a lot of Yes. So for transport to now, we are representing some brands from from Europe, so from from Europe to to Saudi Arabia or to UAE?

Speaker  859770:40
Oh, wow, wow. I, I know a lot of vendors in the MDS, but I don't know anyone in Middle East yet. You're the first one, I mean, so I, I'll, yeah, I'll see if I know anyone. I'll let you know. Like, so they, we can check how they do transportation too, yeah, but that's interesting. Like, how big is the vendor account in the Middle East, is it big?

Speaker  864496:00
Or in

Speaker  865295:59
Yes, in Saudi Arabia, they said that is the biggest one. Oh, wow, is the biggest one? Yes, not that much, but yes, the advantage, I mean, we, we take advantages for this new market because, I mean, the entry level, the entry Mario, is not very awesome. Yeah. We want to, yes, exactly. We want to be as fast as possible in order to be one of the first one. Because, I mean us, the worst one. And Europe is getting worse. Also to enter

Speaker  872949:20
the except us, LLC or No, Saudi Arabia.

Speaker  873829:20
Yes, we did it with the US LCS. And this is also something like, it's, it was rumored that you need to create, like a local entity and something, but I have one, one connection that introduced me to account manager in in Syria. And he said, I mean, we just this week, I created myself by LLC, nice,

Speaker  879322:40
nice. And you What about bad registration? I heard Saudi Arabia is more complicated than Dubai, yeah,

Speaker  881152:00
yes, for the moment. I mean, I am not. I mean, we didn't dig on that, but, I mean, I see that they have Saudi Arabia in their portal, but maybe we will rely on that yet.

Speaker  884944:00
Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, it's more more, more complex for to get it in Saudi than United Arab Emirates, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  887765:20
I think yes, they, I mean, I heard a lot about that, and also some documentation, especially for the importing and so we are, yes, investigating the, I mean, the the program, yes,

Speaker  891354:40
yeah, okay. Keep us updated. And, yeah, if I happen to know someone, I'll let you know. Like, do you know the, do you know the astg? Know that the asgtg group, he has created many groups on telegram. I'm trying to see if there's anything about vendors Middle East, if I find something. And Lai know, yeah. He has so many groups, yeah. I mean, you probably heard of him. He the compliance group. A, sgtg, yeah. Ed is very famous, yeah. I have like, member or No, no, no, no. Like, for example, I am, I am in a group called Middle East based Amazon. It has 221 members. It's, it's active, but not crazy active. So that's where I would probably go. And then ask my sort of my question. I'll see if I can, if there's a if I can invite you to Telegram, like, like, all the questions they have is about Amazon, Middle East, amazon.ae, Amazon, Saudi Arabia. So that would be maybe a good group to ask your question. Yeah, yeah. I have to, I have to find out, yeah. I'm not familiar a lot with telegram. I have to find out how to, I can do an invitation, but I'll figure it out. Yeah.

Speaker  912330:40
Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah,

Speaker  912928:00
you're welcome, yeah? Oh, I find all the links here. I've seen it you offline, yeah, okay, yeah, perfect, yeah, I guess good talking to everyone. Same call always like, first Thursday of the week. So that would be in August. That would be, let me see. When is it? August, 3, fourth, something like that. So that would be, yeah, August 7. I think August 7, yeah, next call, yeah, perfect, yeah, yeah, right before the China pause, yes, hopefully good news when we talk next time, yeah,

Speaker  922837:20
yeah, perfect.

Speaker  923517:20
Have a good everyone. Yes. Bye. Thank you.
