Stefano Pretto (compressed)_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Cool. Okay, amazing. So thank you for joining. First of all, my goal with this presentation I have a 15 to 20 minutes is to share with you the nomads growth framework and what we've seen after working with the top 100 Amazon sellers on amazon.com and to give you full context, I'm Stefano Plato. I'm the CEO at nomads. We manage seven, eight and nine figure Amazon brands, or we train their team to manage the PPC in house. And you might have heard about us because we work with me around 40 to 50 MDM and MDs members right now, and now let's dive in. So I'm in a really lucky position. I can see small brands, I can see medium sized brand, and I can see massive brands. And the most surprising thing for me, after managing Amazon PPC for the past five years, is that they are all winnings in different ways. It's amazing to see that there are some brands that are leveraging trends, and they create products based on trends to win on Amazon. On the other side, I see some brands that have a very small catalog, but they can take these products and spread them across multiple marketplaces. So I truly believe that you can win in different ways. However, there is a framework that we like to see, that we like, that we see over and over again, that they all share. And this framework, we call it, the nomads growth framework. And we have three main elements inside this framework, and most likely, you will see this framework inside your business as well. The first element is the correct strategy. The second element is about the tactical excellence, and the third one is volume. When I'm saying about correct strategies, is knowing what to do for your business. Successful business owner, they know exactly how they want to keep growing their business. After that, they know how to do it. So once they know what to do, they take these strategies and they apply it at the at another level, and finally, they know how much to do it. And I want to explain each element, and I want to go deep inside each element, and I want to share with you some case studies on some of our clients. Let's start with the correct strategy. There are many strategies to win on Amazon, and I'm sure that most of you have different strategies to grow on Amazon, but I want to list here some of the top strategies, and I want to go deep into three main strategies. The first one is going against big markets. And this is a strategy I would highly suggest for sellers who have already lots of experience in the market, and you want to go big. I will not suggest this for sellers that are doing less than 5 million a year, because this is very expensive. Our biggest clients, they're going against big markets. The disadvantage here is that you need a lot of cash, and you need to be really good with PVC, and most of the time with on the PPC side, you need a full funnel strategy. You cannot go with exact match top of search as the as everyone is doing, you need to go, you need to try everything on the PPC side. The second strategy is about trying to launch as many products as possible in medium to high demand niches. One of our biggest clients, their best parent, is in is bringing only 5% of the total revenue of the business. That is how much diversifies that business. The cool part of this business is that it's low, cash intensive compared to the previous one, but it's very difficult to scale, because you need to be really good at the supply chain side. So you need to be really good at managing lots of stock, lots of inventory, and be able to launch products every single week, not easy to do, and on the PPC side, very challenging to manage these kind of accounts. So especially if you have lots of variation, you know what I'm talking about. The the final one is about using unique products. So here we have a client that the he loves his product is almost a founder led strategy. And here you you see that he invested lots of money in R and D, so he invested lots of time into his product to make his product unique. And that paid off right now. They're doing around 1 million a month with just one parentizing By going against a big market and by leveraging this strategy. Again, I believe that there is there is not the right strategy for there is not a one size fits all strategy. You need to find what is good for you and double down on that. But once you find what works, I like the phrase from Charlie Munger, repeat what works, and once you find your strategy, keep doing that. Do not change strategy. I was speaking with a seller last week, and they were trying to do lots of problems. Products, lots of volume strategy, but was not the right strategy for him. He wanted to create his own product. He wanted to use this strategy. So it's very important you figure it out this. First you cannot scale without knowing this. The second step is about tactical Excellence, which is about knowing how to do it. To explain this, I want to share two case studies of two of our clients where they are great strategies meet tactical excellence. And one of them is Thor. It's an MDS member and is with us here today. We've been working together for the past two years, and with the door like it was amazing to see that when you have a great strategy, and you go from good to great, great on the PPC side, you can really change a business. And we launched the strategy that door is implementing is launching in many products across the medium to high demand, demand niches. And when he finds somebody that are working, he is expanding these products across multiple marketplaces to diversify the business, and there's some tactics we've implemented on the PPC side. Are all of these? I will not be able to go through all of them, but I want to share with you the top three that I think made the biggest change inside this business. The first one is if you're selling on Amazon. And if you, if you're doing more than, let's say, two to 3 million a year, you need to have control over your Amazon ads. You cannot allow a black box software to manage your Amazon ads, because it's driving 50% or 60 or 70% of the sales of your, of your of your business. You cannot allow a black box software to do that for you. So we implemented inside this company our control PPC system, so skin, insights, Data Dive, and our software to manage the PPC and have full control. And the second step is that, that I would highly suggest to check, even after this presentation, is a products pay place paying placements for your sponsored product campaigns. Most likely, most of you, are overspending on product page placements. We've seen this over and over again, and is the first thing we do when we take over an account. This could save you hundreds of 1000s of dollars every single month. I would highly suggest to check this and make sure you don't overspend for displacements. And finally, we implemented the scale insights rules. And I will share with you the flow chart that you can download after this presentation, and you can send the logic on how we like to approach a control PPC system inside your brand. And now I'm really proud, because I see that the door is happy first of all. The second thing I said is still managing PPC in house, and he, he's he's using PPC as one of his competitive advantage right now. So when he's analyzing a new product, a new business, he knows that PPC is one of his advantage. And in terms of results, we were able to grow the sales from 5.6 to 9.3 million in one year, while decreasing the takeoffs from 14.4 to 12.5% so this is a great example on when you have the right strategy, and you combine that with the tactical excellence on this case, on the PPC side. And obviously here kudos to door on the supply chain and finding good products, we can achieve these results, which is amazing.

Speaker  135109:20
The the second case study is three crater. Three crater is a supplement brand. Supplement brands, they'll be around 50 million a year, and their strategy is a bit different. This This brand is, is a big brands, and their main strategy is to go against big markets. They have the cash to do it, and they want to do it, and they are really big outside Amazon, so they're doing a lot of tick tock methods, and they're really good on that side. And why? When once we decided to start working together. So they wanted to keep PPC in house, which makes sense for big brands. And we helping them to again, build a proper PPC system in house their business. And so this is what we have done inside their business. I will not be able to go inside each of these things, but I want to focus again, on the top of three things that I think made it made the biggest difference inside these this brand. The first one is to segment your campaigns. I audit so many brands, and I see so many times that we don't segment our campaigns, and it's very challenging to scale a brand and to make sure you double down on what's working if you don't segment your PPC correctly. So what I would suggest is to have your branded keyword, your ranking keyword, and your profitable campaigns separated so you can scale them. You can stop if you want spending on them. For example, right now we are doing a test to stop spending on branded keyword campaign and see if that is changed. In the overall performance of the brand, but you cannot do that if you do not segment these campaigns. Highly suggest to segment your campaigns on a root keyword or based on the goal of the campaign. The second one is to scale automatic campaigns. I know that many people, they think that automatic campaigns are bad. I don't agree with that. I love automatic campaigns. I love them because it's the best campaign type with the lowest CPC that you can scale very quickly for this brand. We grew ad sales from 20,000 to 200,000 in six months while keeping the same ACOs, and I'm not talking about the branded keyword. And so it was amazing to see how quickly you escape these campaigns while keeping a very low ACOs. Obviously, you want to make sure you are there as many negative exact and phrases inside these campaigns. Make sure you are segmenting branded and non branded keyword. But this is amazing to see. I mean, it's for me, at least on the PPC side, as a PPC nerd. This is amazing to see. And finally, one last tactic that we implemented recently, that I would highly suggest to implement in your brand, is to test more audiences for your sponsored product campaigns. We have seen over and over again that these kind of audiences, they're performing much better than others. This, in case, is high likelihood to purchase based on recent shopping activities or behaviors. So I would highly suggest to go under your inside each of your sponsored products, campaigns, under bid, adjustments, under audiences, and you will be able to add these, these audience and we've seen that performance are always better than the overall campaign. So I would highly suggest to check this, because it's not many brands are doing this. So very easy to implement, very easy to do in terms of results. So we grew the sales from 31 point 5 million to 52 million in one year. So $20 million in additional sales, while decreasing take us from 17.6 to 15.6% so this is a good example of why going against the big markets paid off if you have the cash to do it and if you're willing to do it, and also combining that with tactical excellence, that's the key. So this is a these, another example. And finally, the last metric is volume. And I consider myself, again, really lucky, because I can work with the biggest brands on Amazon, with the top 100 amazon.com brands. And I'm actually speaking with the business owner. I was actually speaking with him yesterday night, and it's amazing to see the amount of volume they're putting to keep growing their business. Small business owners, they don't realize how much volume they're putting. And just to give you some data, last month and this brand, on the PPC side, they launched 755 new campaigns. They launched 100 plus products. They tested 75 different PPC creatives for the sponsor of Nvidia, and they had five people full time managing the PPC. That's the level of volume that top sellers are putting to their account. So and this seller, in this case, they have a great strategy. They are really good at PPC. We are just helping them a bit, and they are achieving amazing results. They still keep growing 20% year over year for a nine figure band, which is not very common. And that is the conclusion I came to, that the smaller brands, they don't realize how much volume it takes to win on Amazon, especially when you know what is the right strategy for you, what is the tactical experience? So how to do it in your business? The only method is missing is the volume. Like IOP during this event, you will be able to speak with a massive seller. And I'm trying to understand the amount of volume they're putting their business, because that is the really secret to keep you in your business, if you have the right strategy and you know how to do it so and obviously what I said here, it's always depends on your goals, like it doesn't mean that tomorrow you need to start launching lots of campaigns. And also depends on what you want to achieve. If you want to sell the business next year, or in three years, or you don't want to sell the business, that will change. Obviously, it changes also based on your product margins, like you cannot try to scale if you don't have the margins to do that, and that also depends on the product life cycle and many other metrics. So I would highly suggest to make sure that you take this into account and you don't think that, okay, I can take this strategy and apply it to my business. And so in terms of So, this is the framework that we have seen over and over again. And one question I had is just to ask yourself, which is the question I always had to ask myself when I speak with sellers, is to understand, what is the constraint of your business? Do? Do you know what is the strategy you want to implement your business to keep growing. And if you know, keep doing that, do not change that. Even if you hear other sellers doing other stuff, keep what's working and keep doing that. Repeat what works after, try to improve what you're doing. So if you have the strategy, and you know you you need to know how to do it, and on the PPC side, and you can leverage agency or freelancer or whoever to help you to keep improving your business. And finally, it's volume. Make sure you put the volume to make sure you keep growing your business. So this framework was very useful for us to understand what is the constraint of the business to keep growing their business. And we keep using this over and over again for our clients. And so I really hope this framework was useful, and some of the tactics you can implement today could save you some money. And so thank you so much for listening. And if you want, feel free to stop me after this presentation or scanning this QR code to to occur with me later on. Appreciate a couple of questions.

Speaker  256458:40
Yeah, thank you. Great presentation. I wanted to ask about the tacos that you were showing there for those two brands. That is that only the Amazon spend and how much for, for example, with the with the supplements brand, because you said there was, they were doing lots of outside stuff as well. Like, how much is their take tacos? So you add other channels as well, advertising channel.

Speaker  265365:20
So for Adora, like, I don't think you do lots of outside Amazon a bit. So mainly it's Amazon on for the other brand, I actually don't know the percentage. We're running a bit of DSP, so we're doing a bit of Amazon DSP on the PPC side, Amazon ads on the Tiktok side, and only big on Tiktok, and mainly organic, so they don't do lots of ads and on the side. So I can't give you the percentage, but I

Speaker  272362:40
so you went over the running the product targets, and how, or you didn't. You talked about product page placement and how it has the worst a cost and the worst conversion rate. That's pretty that's pretty typical. But there's also a school of thought that if you run product targets and they get served to a product detail page of a competitor, that you're poaching sales away from them if you have a replenishable product that might lead to more Subscribe and Save. Do you think there's a valid strategy to that? And if you're running sponsored product, product targets, are you putting a low bid and a high top of search or a rest of search multiplier to try to make it not serve up to product page placements?

Speaker  282661:20
Okay, so for the first question, so we haven't seen that. So when you push for product page placements, we haven't seen that that is increased in YouTube brand customers, for the brands so and the performance are so bad that we don't like to test the first we test it later on. So if you want to do this test, I would suggest first optimize the placements so you can make profit as fast as possible. And later on, you can run a small test against a few competitors, but we have seen that you tend to always get clicks on top of search and rest of search with better performance. But these are very difficult to control because you don't know what other search term you're getting clicks on on top of search and rest of search Correct. Yeah, but you actually don't see the search term which is the the worst part? Yeah, yeah. You're blunt. You can see only few search terms. You cannot see all of them, and that's the Yeah. So no, that's the issue. You always see the asin, but even if you see the asin, they're still getting clicks on search terms. Which is Yeah. So you cannot control

Speaker  298629:20
that. Amazing. Amazing. How do you grow out of campaigns? How do you grow campaigns?

Speaker  301450:40
So for skinny automatic campaigns, first of all is to segment them. So, as we said before, skin is getting segmenting automatic campaigns. So a loose match, cross match, substances, compliments in different campaigns. And I would hardest just to run some catch or campaigns. So with all your products inside, we have seen that these campaigns that perform over and over again, across multiple accounts, especially if you have lots of variations these campaigns, they crash, and obviously you get a lot of clicks with no sales. But if you control that, and you control the ACOs, you can do really well and and then what we did for each parent is in we created other three to four campaigns on automatic, automatic campaigns, and we keep scaling this by connecting scaling side screws, same structure, but on a parent is in parentheses, layers, parent is in level, and then a catcher campaign. So in the end, I think there were four campaign catch all, and then four campaign for each parentheses. And this category, they are, I think they have 50 products in total, 50 parentheses. I.
