12. FC Chats_ Experiential Marketing and Events Done the Right Way
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
And I gotta record it, because I got, like, three people said I needed to record it. So basically, like, I said, you guys are probably doing a mix up of all these types of events right now, you know, trade shows, conventions, you know, they're kind of the big ones that lead to, you know, sales right on site. And then you have sampling and seeding. This is probably your biggest variation of events. It can be stuff you sponsor into where you you know you're at, like a festival, you're at a game, you're at something like that. Or it can be something that's gorilla, where you know you're literally out, you know, trying to give out samples of something, one of your products, or, you know, you like with games, like we did this with cross net, you know, we just went and set up cross nets in parks and, you know, just got people to play. So it's just getting eyeballs on it, whether you're paying for it or not. This is probably the one I do the most. I love sampling. I think everybody should be sampling. It's the best way to learn what people like and what they don't like about your product, and to get it into people's hands. The other another version is pop ups. I don't know if anybody here is doing pop ups yet. That because, like I said, they're super expensive and they're the hardest to market. Anytime you want to do an event that is, you're basically creating the event from scratch. Figure it's going to cost a lot of money. It's gonna be hard to get people there. Attention spans are limited, but you know, if you've got the the right type of product, they can be super beneficial. And then, you know, you have sponsorships that don't have that either you have an on site presence or you don't, because you don't always have to have a person at an event. You can have a sponsorship where you have, you know, activations. And maybe it's, you know, maybe it's a sampling where they're giving out a gate gift, or maybe it's something where they're they're doing something that's, you know, more digital. So those are different event types that you can do, you know, just going to, wanted to zip through that. So we can kind of talk about what you guys have been doing, and, you know, what's working and what's not, all right, the reasons to do events. And you guys can break in on me, whatever you want, just, you know, let me know. Happy to answer questions in the middle. All right, the reasons to do events. I mean, I'm a little biased. I love events. I think every brand should do them, but here's why. What I think the big things are first impressions. You just want people to see your stuff, you know. You guys are awesome online marketers, you know, but a lot of you have products that you need to use it, you need to touch it, you need to feel it, to really, you know, sell it. So, you know, just getting it out there in the hands. And that kind of goes to, you know, the second one of customer education. Some, some some products, you know, people just don't know what it is like with cross that same thing we, you know, people are like, What the hell is this? They needed to play it before they, you know, pump down, you know, $150 and once they played it, they were hooked. And I know a lot of your products, you know, like, I know Jennifer's on here. You try her tea on site. You're hooked, you're going to buy. So you need that customer education to say why you're different, why you're better, why you know what's, what's, you know, the difference between you and the next person and then the one probably care the most about sales. You know, sales are huge. You know, sometimes you can get them at like B to C events and stuff like that, you can get limited sales, but a lot of you are probably getting using events as trade shows so you can get into retailers or, you know, talk to buyers and and different things. So sales is a huge one, but you know, it doesn't happen with every type of event, and it shouldn't happen with every type of that. You shouldn't be trying, you know, if you're just trying to, you know, do customer education, you probably don't want to be pushing sales super heavy at an event. And we'll get to, you know, down, down the line a little bit. You know, how that affects ROI and stuff like that. One of my favorite is market research. Like I said before, I love putting a product into somebody's hand and seeing if they like it, seeing if they love it, you know, like, or they hate it, and then, you know, like, you know, somebody tastes your your product and they just hate it. You have somebody there to be like, Hey, what is the deal? Why don't you like this? You know, why did you throw away, you know, take a bite and eat and throw the rest away, having that with, you know, any kind of product, anything that you can showcase, and just do market research, and again, that it's like a good byproduct of an event. It's not, probably not why you're going, it's not why you're spending the money to go to the event, but it's an awesome byproduct of the event that you can get. And then the second byproduct, kind of the buck. Bonus is content. Everybody needs more content. And having people using your using your product, you know, playing with your product, whatever out an event, it's awesome content. You know, it's free. It's, you know, you don't have to set it up. It gives you that a very organic feel to it. And you know, it's, there's not a lot of better, better places to do it. All right, any questions with that?

Speaker  87509:20
All right, okay, all right, some of the hard truths about events.

Speaker  90069:20
Events are expensive. They're super expensive, you know, to do them right and to do it into kind of cheap out an event, at an event doesn't make sense, either you do it right, or, in my mind, don't do it because people know, you know, you know you're not going to have the the budgets of a coke or something like that. But even on a budget, you can put together a good interactive experience for people so but are expensive. George, question, I

Speaker  99296:00
was just curious, what would be a budget that you would consider expensive, and what would be I know events could range for different things, but like, what's considered to be expensive, in general for an event,

Speaker  103685:20
oh, I mean, it really depends what what you're doing, you know, if you're going to, if you're going to do an event that's a like, an activation, where you're sponsoring in it depends, Like, the level of, the level of events you're doing, you know, you could probably, that's a huge question, because I feel like, you know, you're figured no matter what, what you go out the door, you're gonna spend a few grand. Let's just say that, you know. Okay, it depends. You can do gorilla stuff, you know, like, if you have, like, a product where you can sample it, you can go out with a legging and and do it around. It's just whether that's the story you want to tell with your brand. If you're just trying to get stuff into people's hands, you can go out there, down and dirty and just sample on street corners. That's cheap, and it's not a terrible idea. Always. It's just getting products into people's hands and tell them, you know, where they can pick it up. I would say, like, I've done a ton of times. I've told brands to do it a ton of times, and it works, you know. But if you want to, you know, like, you're going to sponsor into an event, you know, yeah, figure, you know, on low end, you're, you're a few grand in, you know, you know. And really a lot of it your, your main costs come from two things. Well, three things. One will be, you know, your sponsorship fee, and that can range widely. Then it's your staff. If you're going to do it yourself, you can cut this down a lot, but eventually you're going to want staff to do these events. So you're, you're going to pay a lot for staff, and then your, your your activation. But that can, you know, you buy that once, and then you, you know, you don't have to reinvent the wheel constantly with it. So awesome. Awesome. Thank you, Matthew, you had a question.

Speaker  133040:00
I was just going to give a little bit of a barometer check. So we do events for like comic cons and stuff. I pay anybody that works there. Usually takes three people, like 600 bucks for the weekend.

Speaker  136741:20
That's for

Speaker  137285:20
what we're doing, and then so that's like 1800 bucks for three people. But I also, I also buy their flights and hotel for, like, a longer, a little bit longer period of time. The conventions cost between $700 and, like, 15 to $2,000 for, like, the bigger ones, for a 10 by 10 space. And then we had to get our booth set up and everything ready, and we went on the cheap for that, but, you know, still, like $1,000 and then just getting actual product and stuff like that. I think we could do a smaller pop up with our branding and something that's local and close to home, probably for do a little bit shorter hours. Don't have to do the rest of that for 1000 maybe 2000 bucks. But, yeah, the events can be, it can be big.

Speaker  151877:20
Yeah,

Speaker  152149:20
it can. I mean, you can do Expo West, and it's five grand just to get a 10 by 10, just to be in a corner somewhere. So it just depends where you want to be, you know. And I'm not saying one is better than the other, you know, you know. Like, that's kind of a range for the ones that, ones that he's doing, but yeah, they can, they can get wild really fast. And also, one thing you want to look out for is when you're doing like trade shows and things like that, or like conventions like you. Was talking about is you have a lot of fees that are just associated with moving your stuff in, different things like that at those so it all adds up. Basically, what kind of one going Tim? You had a question,

Speaker  163168:00
yes, for the Like say, for the pop up events, what is sort of your approach for temporary staffing? Say, if it's a one two day pop up something like that in a particular city.

Speaker  166709:20
If you're gonna, I use agencies. I use staffing agencies. They're pretty reliable. They provide backups. They're more expensive. You know, you're probably looking, you know, depending on what you want to who you want to get, you know, you have a different level of person you know you're looking to pay the staffing agency between 40 to 75 bucks an hour for the because they're taking a chunk. But if you know you hire somebody random off of Craigslist and they don't show up, you're kind of screwed. So I use agencies just because of the volume I do, and I don't want to interview every single person. I want to get like, Hey, here's our top three candidates. Here's who we think, you know, here's the if they don't show up, we've got this person that's going to, you know, come that's what I do. I think that's the easiest. But you can, I mean, sometimes, like, with some of your brands, like, I like for you, Tim, you've got evangelists in certain cities, and they might just want to come work with you, right? So you can kind of get them on the cheap. I'm, you know, I'm guessing Matt with the lightsabers. Same thing, you know, you can probably get them a little cheaper, and they will show up. But you also don't know, like, exactly who you're getting. And if they can sit there for eight hours, stand for eight hours and talk about your brand the way you want them to, right? I'd rather hire, I mean, I won't say the professional experiential marketing, you know, like brand ambassadors, but, you know, the ones I look for have been doing it for years, and it's just kind of their, their gig.

Speaker  191098:40
Yeah, makes

Speaker  191466:40
sense? Cool. Nick. Do

Speaker  193220:16
I was just going to ask, because we're in the cannabis space and the there's not too many sponsor big events like this, right? What are some of the pop end costs that you saw for sponsorships of like, you know, events with like, four to 5000 people.

Speaker  197701:20
An event with like, four to 5000 people? Well, it can vary a lot, if it's very specific group like that. You know, you're you can sell to, you know, you can get, I don't know, probably, I mean, top end, you know, they'll try to sell you whatever, but I wouldn't pay over like, 10 grand at the top end, I wouldn't pay, but I would probably, you know, if you've never done the event before, I'd probably, you know, stick in like, the couple grand, 2500 range for an event like, you know, with that many people, and, you know,

Speaker  207802:40
$50,000 that's crazy.

Speaker  208432:00
Yeah, yeah. I mean, and that's certain events like, you like, if you try to get into a Live Nation events, like a concert, you're not getting in for under 50k they just kind of have a floor of where they want. So, you know, if you've got something that's 50k unless it's an event where, you know, like, hey, I can make this money up there, you know, like, there's no doubt, like, these are the right people that I'm talking to, like, a very high end event, then maybe it's worth it. It could be. But I would, you know, just go to your second point,

Speaker  216293:20
which is, ROI is hard to calculate,

Speaker  217045:20
right? So, yeah, ROI is super hard to calculate at these, these things, you know, you you know, if you're trying to do it off sales, at a trade show, it's one thing, but just an event where you are there, you know, just showcasing your product, don't expect that you're going to get an ROI. And people think they are right away, and it really turns them off events. And I think that's a bad thing, and I'll kind of get to why in a little bit, is you have to look at events as a piece of the puzzle, like it's part of the ecosystem, like I saw your, I saw your, your brand at an event. I saw them online. I saw them, you know, in social I got an ad, I got an email. You know, it's this ecosystem. Events are just a piece of that ecosystem, but in my opinion, they're one of the best because they have the highest touch point, like, that person actually is touching feeling utilizing your product, and that's going to give, that's going to push them over the edge, or that's going to be the first thing that they're going to be like, Okay, I actually know what this is. Before I go drop money on a product, I don't really know exactly what I'm getting. So, yeah, you know, people ask me all the time, like, can you figure out the ROI? And I basically say no, because I just, I'll be giving him a bullshit number. You know, I'll be, Yeah,

Speaker  237546:40
same here, but I like your idea of i That's how I view it as an ecosystem. It's, you can't really measure the ROI, but your brand presence, if you're always there, you're the biggest one there. You're competitive. Are not there the next year. The only thing is that, you know, you really have to be committed to that puzzle ecosystem. Like, I have a decision. It's I pay, I don't know every event. I do it three times per year. It's 100 grand per event that I spend with all like the tickets and all this. Well, the next one coming up. Do I want to take a break? Well, then, how does that affect? You know that? How does that look in the overall puzzle and in customers eyes? You know, you're no longer there, right? So, but it's impossible to calculate that ROI effect, and you just got it right on gut, I guess is,

Speaker  248933:20
yeah, you're in a you're in a situation where, like most of us here, you know, there's way more events than we could ever go to. There's hundreds of events. You've got a few key events that you can actually activate at, and they're screwing you basically, you know, by just, you know, they can charge whatever they want, because they know you have to be there. So, I mean, like you said, if you're not, it probably makes your company, you know you're there for two years, and you're not for one it makes your company look like, Oh, where'd they go? You know, what's wrong with that company now? So is that the kind of the vibe you get?

Speaker  258544:00
Yeah, exactly. Okay. That's exactly where it is, yeah.

Speaker  259344:00
So you're in a trickier situation than most, that's for sure, which, you know a lot of stuff with cannabis. The final thing is, like, events are way more work than you think, like the planning, the logistics and just having, you know, the travel, if you're going yourself, and just being there, the first couple super fun, like, super fun, but they will wipe you out, and you do need to get help. You know, you can't do it all yourselves. I think they're, you know, they're invaluable. But just don't think you're just going to be like, hey, you know what? I'm going to blow in. I got a table and, you know, it's, you know, I'm just going to go and, you know, after the event and hang out and stuff, you're going to be wiped out there. You know, the the conversations, you have, everything, it's a lot of work. It's kind of the easiest way to put it so but it can be very fun. Otherwise, I wouldn't be doing it for 20 years. Okay, cool. Any other questions on that? All right, all right. Kind of one thing I just wanted to throw in here was about sponsorships. You're probably getting hit up all over, you know, for sponsorships. You know, if you dip your toe in, everybody can find you and they're asking you to sponsor their event, whether they want free product, whether they want you to pay for stuff, whatever you know they the bigger you get, the more, the more hands are out for sponsorships. There can be great ones, you know, there's ones that can be really good, and they don't always have to be just around, you know, an event like I've done a lot of partnerships, where it's been events is a piece of it. And then we're, you know, they send out emails for us, and they have, you know, a discount code, and you know, five different things, but only pay for what you actually will get a benefit from a lot of events will have so much or, you know, a lot of sponsorships will have so much fluff in them. And you know what works? You know, like, hey, you know what I'm we're doing this festival, whatever my name on the back of the t shirt is not worth anything, you know. That's not going to move the needle for me. Don't pay for it. Have them take it out Chinese menu that that agreement and say, like, you know what, what works for me is the space, and you send out an email for me, you know, with a discount code. That's what works for me, you know. And pay for that, because you can always negotiate sponsorships, you know, whatever they put in front of you, that's a starting point. And more than likely, it's probably, you know, 30 to 40% too high. Some some people you just can't do a lot about, you know, if it's, if it's just a space like Nick was talking about, you know, they have a price for their space. You can't do much about that. But if you're doing a more overall sponsorship, negotiate, you know as much as you can, because a lot of times you know, they'll go for it, you know, or at least you can, you know, any dollars off are just better, better for you. And you know, help your ROI. I always test before signing up for a longer term. Like, I like to say, like, hey, you know what? Let me come out and do one event before I sign up for 10. Because if you get into one and it's just not a fit, it's such wasted money, it sucks. It's horrible. And, you know, you it's really hard to look at events. Or, you know, sponsorships, I was like, sunk costs. You'll take yourself out there, you'll spend, you know, a bunch of money on travel, a bunch of money on staff, everything like that, to make it work. And you're just getting deeper and deeper in the hole. So test them first, do, do ask if you can do one event, and then, you know, like, hey, if this works, then we'll then we'll talk. Try not to get into, like, multi year, multi. Event, event or, like, whatever activations, because the ones you think are the best, like, they just totally make sense in your head, like, this is going to be the greatest thing ever. A lot of times, aren't, you know, or the ones that are really status, I see, like, you're like, it's almost like a status symbol for you, you know, like, Oh, we're a part of this, you know, we can utilize that you're paying for, that you might be better off doing, you know, instead of, you know, instead of doing an MLB game, do a minor league team, or do even, like, you know, high school kids or something like that, you know, you'll get just as much many sales off it, because you're also going to be a bigger fish in a in a smaller pond at that point, versus, you know, the ones that have 500 different sponsors. So that's kind of my view on that. All right. All right. What makes your event successful? It's kind of the meat and potatoes of this, this little talk here. All right, tell a story. Events are stories. Activations are stories. You know, anytime you're out there, be telling the story of your product, your event, and it's not just literally you telling it. It's what your activation looks like, you know what? If you're gamifying it somehow, if you're doing some kind of activity, have it tell the story that you want to get out there. And it's the same as you're doing on social. You're just doing it. You're just doing it at an event and in person with people. So tell a story it and make it. You know, seem like not seem make it. So sometimes you want to like gear it towards the event too. So if you know, you might be going to different types of events, like you're not always going to a food show or this, or whatever gear your story to the people at that event, but always tell a story. I think that's the biggest thing. We kind of touched on this. Events are a piece of your marketing ecosystem. You know, make sure your event experience aligns with your other marketing. It looks super stupid if your events, it totally doesn't align with, you know, the ads somebody's going to see, or, you know, the your your socials and stuff like that. Make sure they're aligned. Make sure you know you're pushing this product right now. You're pushing that at that event, you know. Make sure you you know you have alignment between all of it, because it's part of the story of your brand, and it just makes it much easier to showcase yourself out there. And then finally, kind of be engaging, make your activation interesting. You know, a boring activation is a waste of money if you go out there and, you know, you're just sitting behind a table and you're not, you know, engaging people. You're not talking to people, your your your setup looks like shit. It's not, it's you might as well not be there. It's pointless, because there's plenty of other people that are there that are engaging with the people that have a cool looking setup, that have some kind of activity. And you know, they'll just, they'll take your people. And you know, really sucks when you're you're sitting somewhere and you've got, you know, nobody. And then the one next to you has, you know, 50 people in line, and they're doing something super simple and easy. So make it engaging, you know. And then finally, on that part, you know, look the part. You know, if you're gonna have brand ambassadors, you know, have them, you know, in a, you know, that'd be a crazy uniform, but have them in a branded shirt. You know yourself, make sure you you look the you look, how you want to be, what your brand expressed on site. And same goes with like, you know, the verbiage, you know, like, whenever I do events, I I will, you know, come up with like, talking points. Like, these are the talking points I want the staff to really hit on. And, you know, go over and, you know, they they can have their own conversations and stuff, but as long as you have, like, a listing of, you know, certain topics that you want to go, want to get across, it's much better than just being like, hey, yeah, we're trying to sell this widget. It doesn't work. You know, you need to have that. They need to look professional. And, you know, like I said, just make it engaging. Any questions on that part?

Speaker  392645:20
Matthew, I would say, just to add to that, make sure that it's engaging. We found that we had lightsabers like on display. And one of the differentiators from us, and there's other lightsaber companies that are at these conventions, is that everybody, nobody lets them touch the lightsabers until they like, are buying them. So we definitely make sure they they can pick them up and check them out. And the biggest thing that we did that made a huge difference for the experience while. Stuff is having just a rack of lightsabers that people could pick up and, like, start fighting with, where all the other companies are like, don't, don't touch that. We're just like, oh yeah, come on in and embrace that experiential piece is huge.

Speaker  403584:00
Yeah, you, I mean, and I'm guessing you have a lot more, and once people see that, more people engage with you, if they, if, you know, if they just see, like this boring, like, stack of lifesavers sitting there that nobody can touch. You know, they might ask a question, but they're not. They're not. We call it dwell time. They're not. They don't have a dwell time at your booth. And you want people to be there. It's like anything else. If somebody sees something and it looks interesting, then other people start looking at it, and that makes it so you really have to do less work. Yeah, and when

Speaker  412874:40
we we put a lightsaber in somebody's hands, there's like 10 people that crowd around to see, like, what's going on there? Like, that's, that's what you want.

Speaker  414538:40
Exactly same. You know, we've got a lot of game companies in the in the group, and same with games, you know, if the game is just sitting there. Nobody cares. But if people are playing it, then, you know, then you get lines, then then it gets crazy. So, you know, sometimes you've gotta, you know, pull the people in yourselves. You've gotta, you know, make them, you know, like with Matthew's example, they're probably not used to somebody actually letting them touch it. So, you know, you've gotta pull them in and be like, yeah, it's okay. Let you know, just do this. Or, you know, even you and the other people in the booth have, like, little fake fights, and they'll, you know, with the with the lightsabers, and that'll attract more, more eyeballs and more people engaging with you. Juju,

Speaker  426421:20
also, wait, I'm going to, actually, you can skip me for now, because I think I have my like, these headphones make me sound bad, so you can skip me for now.

Speaker  428442:39
Oh, you're fine. We can hear you, fine. Okay.

Speaker  429578:40
I wanted to ask about well, because I'm thinking back to

Speaker  431434:40
event that we did last summer. That it was our second time doing this event. It was like a surf contest, water contest at the Santa Monica Pier. And you know, that typically has been a good event for us. And I still think we got a lot out of it, definitely big on the content. Like, if all else, if all else fails, you can get good content. But I remember one thing being like, you know, we have our boards that are an expensive price point, like at 299 and we were surrounded by other booths that was, like, next to us was Celsius drinks in there. People are just going up to all these other booths for, like, the free stuff, and we're getting all the free stuff. And we're like, oh, we don't have anything free, you know, but we're, like, trying to sell to them. So I wanted to kind of ask, like, about for other different ways to, like, get people excited to come up to the booth, especially if other people are, like, giving stuff away at that type of an event. I think if I were to do that again, what I would do differently is maybe make it more about, like, the content, like, oh, come try or like, come as, like, do one of those, like, interview style, like Tiktok videos and, like, if you are in it, like, give them something that's not necessarily a product, but, yeah, I just wanted to ask about that. Yeah.

Speaker  452656:00
I mean, you can gamify it, you know, come up with an activity, do some kind of game, you know, you can do giveaways, something that pulls them in, that, that way. I like the gamification thing, especially with a fun brand like yours. I think that that works out really well. You're not really going to be able to compete with the brand that's just, you know, handing out 1000 cans of Celsius. It's, it's hard because you're selling a, you know, a product that's a few $100 you know, it's the same reason that, you know, it's easier for me to go and buy something, you know, without thinking about something that's $2 versus something that's 100 $200 so I wouldn't look at competing like that. I would just make it so you're telling that story. You're what you're doing at your booth is fun. They like you, they like the people. And then utilize that. You're not going to get the same flow as them. But you don't need that either. You don't need, you know, you need a few people buying your boards on site to make that event worthwhile. They need to get as much product out as humanly possible. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry about, but yeah, I would just do some gamification, some, you know, you can do something around, you know, do something around the the content, if you want. Some people are a little leery about that, so just kind of be careful about that part. Paul, you had a question,

Speaker  475994:40
yeah, just around, like, sort of engaging stuff. I know, I know, I know this kind of question can vary depending on what the product is, but you have a, like, sort of a theory or philosophy on, you know what? What's really good to engage people? So I know you talk about gaming. So we've done. Different things as well. We've, we've had a beer pong at a table so you can play that. We've had been on the golf course where guys will chip a giant marshmallow into a hoop to have some fun and stuff like that. But is there, is there any, I know, it's not like a stock it's more a stock philosophy about in terms of, like, trying to engage and have fun with the product. You know, we have a fun product. So it's not like we're creating, you know, we're not selling caskets to the funeral industry or anything like that. We're having a lot of fun. So any any secrets, or any little tips other than what you kind of said, trying to sort of engage people in kind of unique ways. The problem, question, voted, question,

Speaker  490485:20
that the more unique it is, the harder it is to explain, right? The word like people that are in events, there's one thing they hate more than anything about is that a spin wheel. Right? We all hate spin wheels. They're the dumbest thing. Every fucking spin wheel you see has a line of 50 people at it. It's so simple. It's so easy. The ones that you know, like, I know a lot of you know, like electronics companies and stuff, they'll do these, like, very elaborate things. And people look at them, they're like, oh, that's kind of cool. But do they want to stand in line? Do they? They're they're not comfortable with it. So that's why you see, like really basic stuff, like, I'm building out one right now for our McDonald's client. And, you know, we talked about adding, like all this hack and stuff in it, and really just doing like, very basic games like Plinko and things like that to help promote their app. Because people can go, they can utilize it super easy. They can, you know, it's just approachable. So I wouldn't go, you know, some stuff just gets boring. Like, I'm really tired of seeing, like cornhole boards at events and things like that. But you know, the some of those really, like, basic things are effective, you know. So look at, look at the, look at the games you played when you were, like, you know, a kid at the carnival. Look at that, those types of things, and they work. It's sad, but true.

Speaker  515536:00
We got a Plinko game as well. We we just changed the pricing along the bottom, depending on what the event is. And usually, you know, a couple winners and a couple losers kind of thing. And we just have fun with, with, like, the losing part of it, like, you know, just with, you know, you're kidding me, like, you know, is that the best you got kind of thing? And people just giggle and laugh at it because it's stupid, but, but, yeah, just, I just it. Just, I always try to try to find ways that, you know you want to engage someone quickly. There's no lineups. And makes it simple, so they're not sitting there going, I gotta line up for an hour to do this, and I want to get in and out quickly and get, get with my prize, my win, my whatever, and move on. And but, but from our perspective, at least, you kind of hold them. You get engage them. They know what the product is, and whether trying, sampling or whatever, it's more along the way, but they have, they leave your booth with sort of a smile on their face, because that was fun. You know, I was kind of neat,

Speaker  528240:00
yeah, like, like, for like, if I'm you, I'm just picking something off my head. You have those little squirt bottles of, you know, of the the flavor I'm sitting there, and I'm, you know, maybe not using the actual product, but I'm using those bottles. And I'm, you know, doing a contest of, who can hit the target with, you know, squirt the bottle and hit the target, or something like that, and, you know, something like that. Stupid. It's super stupid, but it's engaging. Yeah, super easy. They got the product in their hands, you know? And people are competitive, you know, something, yeah. I mean, that's just what literally came to my head right now. But stuff like that. It's, it's dumb, but it's, it works. Nick, you had a question or comment?

Speaker  539365:20
Yeah? I was just gonna say, just adding to that, I did a crane machine. And it's, it's been that it's been doing it for like, four years, and it's always, like, lineups after lineups. Crane machine, you have, like, your swag, or, like, you know, small items that people attract people, and then, like, a big giveaway in that crane machine, people line up. You create a vibe around them with music and whatever you want, whatever ties to your brand, so that they stay in line, they stay engaged. And then that game, like that crane machine, really worked up.

Speaker  547472:00
Yeah, that's a good one. Really good one. So juju,

Speaker  549119:59
I wanted to add to you made a point about, you know, not necessarily spending more for the major league and considering, like, you know, high school, minor league. And I find that to be so true as a consumer, because when I was like a kid throughout middle school and high school, there was this brand called Joe Lin that had these swimsuits, and they'd be at all the like, waterfall tournaments and swim meets and, like, it was such a thing that, like, all the cool girls had the Jolynn swimsuits, and everyone would be, like, trying them on, like, in between games and stuff. And because of that, like, as a kid, I thought, like, they were some, like, huge brand like, I thought they were, like, the great. Is. And then I realized, like, outside of that world, I'm not sure many people really know about them, and so I think that's was a really cool model that they had in, like, getting the high school kids young, because, you know, now that I'm older, like, that'll always be like, a brand that's like that I feel a connection to because, like, I grew up wearing them. So don't sleep on the high schoolers.

Speaker  566405:20
Yeah, it's, I mean, they, I'm sure they did it super cheap, you know, it was super cheap, you know, they, they every event, they probably, you know, made their money times five, what they paid for it, and they were happy, good to go. You know, that's, and that's hard to do. So I think they're, you know, you just have to really look at, you know, take the ego out of, out of sponsorships, a little bit of like, you know what I need to be at the US Open, a surf or, you know, AVP, and be like, You know what I can be at this small volleyball tournament, you know, and probably just kill it so it's, you know, I don't have the, the cache to it. But, you know, hey, really, when it comes down to, it's all about sales, that's all that matters. So cool. All right, that's all I got, like, the you know, kind of going through the deck. Anybody got questions or anything they want to go over any you know thing that's specific to them.

Speaker  581696:00
George, go for it, buddy. So I have a question. I want to just pick your brain specifically. So our brand is a wellness brand. We do chiropractic, massage, physio services. I wanted to see if you had any suggestions of what, some engaging things you think would be good at an event that we do. So, for example, a pop up, like we've done, tabling events, things like that. I just wanted to see if you have any other, any ideas that you can think

Speaker  591194:40
of, yeah. I mean, the ones I've seen that are that are do, basically what you do is they bring out and actually perform whatever their easiest thing is, like, they'll do some kind of easy test, or they'll do like, hey, you know what? Sign up, do a sign up, and you can get a 10 minute massage, you know, shoulder massage, or whatever. Which people at events really like that? Because they're, you know, they're tired, they're, you know, they're and, you know, so utilize one of your services. You know, there's no gamifying what you're doing really, you know, or or a lot of activities, utilize some, like, very low lift service that you can do to showcase your products, you know, you know, they're like, hey, you know what? We like these people, they're cool, you know. And, you know, we saw this, this service that they do, they're more apt to look you up knowing, you know, you know, during your conversation, you talked about, okay, yeah, we do physio. We do all these other chiropractic, all these other things as well. That's what I would do. That's the easiest, you know, if you do do that, you know, and it's anything where it's, you know, a little bit medical to make sure you get people kind of sign off on it, you know, whatever, but, but, yeah, that's what I would do. I think that's probably your easiest way to do it. And, you know, keep it. You can keep it really close to the brand that way. Yeah. Okay, thank you. Yeah. Man, Paul, yeah.

Speaker  613445:20
Just on that same note, George, we there's been lots of festivals we've been to where other guys have chiropractic service, and it's exactly what Clay was saying. They'll give you a sort of a low level stuff, and they'll sign up lots of people. I know it works as we signed up like, 10 years ago at one place down in Oakville and so not far from where you are. So they do a great job. It's a one on one service thing, but it's exactly what Clay said. Just offer something simple. And if you can sign, even if you sign one at a very 10 people up and you walk away with, you know, maybe 50 people from an event, that's a huge, that's a huge cash

Speaker  622522:40
thing for you, for sure, really well, you're more about getting names, you know, you're doing the name generation game. You know, you want information versus, you know, Paul wants people to try his product. It's two different games. And, yeah, you don't, you know, you don't have to sell that many people on, you know, on your product to make it very worthwhile for you. So, yeah, make sure you are collecting those, you know, that information you know on site, because that's really what, where your ROI will come, you know, it's not going to come on site directly

Speaker  631669:20
for sure. Okay, thank you guys. Yeah, man,

Speaker  633029:20
I have a I have a couple things. Yeah, hi guys. I'm Shira,

Speaker  634773:20
so I do a lot of events for nightcap, which is like a drink spiking prevention company. We go to a lot of conferences. I would say that, like the number one thing that stands out is, like our booth and what it looks like, and we made it so obnoxiously pink that, like you have. To, like, come by to ask what our product is, and like our just our setup is very visual. We also, I know juju, you mentioned, like, wanting people to come up to your booth, and for us, like we have, as seen on Shark Tank, on our stuff, and people just want to come up to us and ask, like, Shark Tank all the time, which it's not guaranteeing, like any sale or anything, but it is getting them to come up to you and talk to you. So if you don't have that already, I would recommend putting that on there and our, our lot. My last thing is, like, we will you said you can't give free samples because you have a high price point product, but maybe find something that's related to your product that you can give out for free, because we'll do we'll give people our products for free for their email address, and that's kind of how we we find them after and and get The sale down the road. So those are my tips.

Speaker  656928:00
Yeah, Matthew says stickers, which is actually a good idea for, for you juju, because, you know, you've got a, you've got a lifestyle brand, you know, you got cool designs, you got a lifestyle brand. So, yeah, that's a good one, Matthew.

Speaker  660720:00
Or even those, like, you know, those things that hold your beer and you can float them in the water. Like, I feel like something that's like, outsourcing would make a lot of sense. But what were you gonna say, Clay?

Speaker  663781:20
Oh, I was gonna say, Yeah, sure. We kind of talked about that about, like, the booth. It's like, Don't skimp on the booth, because that's the first thing people see. You know, it's like, they there's and there's there. There's so many people that just think that people are going to come to them. No, they don't, you know, but if they see a cool booth, they, you know, like shares, like, she's got a product, you really have to explain and but so she was just standing there with, you know, her product, which are, you know, not really that colorful, and stuff like that. She probably wouldn't get anybody, but just the fact that our booth is like that, she's getting 10 times the foot traffic, because people just want to know, and, you know, they're getting some of the story from the booth too.

Speaker  674672:00
Yeah, we've invested a lot in our booth. Like, we started with, like, a white boring, like, just slap the logo on there, and then we we started to realize, like, No, this is what catch people's attention. And so focus on, like, those images that are super attention grabbing. So we have like, this humongous image on one of our banners that's just like a big, colorful drink, like a blue and yellow drink with the night cap on it. So it's like, you see exactly what it is right there. And then you're like, Okay, wait, I have to go talk to them. But yeah.

Speaker  682629:19
And also, you know, there are people that will see that get it like, I do this all the time. I don't want to engage with people. I mean, I've been to a lot of events, like, a lot of events, I don't always want to engage with people. I'll take a picture of their booth, or I'll, you know, if I can get the general idea of what they do from their booth, I'll, you know, look it up at later. So it's not every you know, you you don't sleep on the people that don't stop at the booth. Because I would say you probably, you know, your foot traffic is, you're getting 10% of the foot traffic. You're still, you know, that actually hit your booth. There's still another, you know, good percentage that look your brand up or so. And I do it at the event like, literally, I'll be standing 10 feet from their booth, and I'll look this up because I just don't want to go talk to them, you know. Maybe that's me, you know. But you know, there's some of that. And if you have a cool booth, it does wonders.

Speaker  698245:20
All right, any other questions, come on, pick my brain. Let's do it.

Speaker  700746:40
All right. Well, like I said, if any of you want to do like a little one on one, talk about events. Always happy to do it. I love chatting about events. Paul, you had a quick question?

Speaker  703498:40
Yeah, so with your experience, so what's maybe, tell us a couple cool activations that you've done over the years that kind of sticking your brain that, you know, again, it might be maybe a McDonald's thing where, you know, it's a multi million dollar sort of situation, but anything that kind of sticks out from your perspective, like a couple cool things that worked, yeah. I mean, I put you on the spot, sorry, yeah.

Speaker  709504:00
I'm trying to think of, I'm trying to think of stuff. I mean, we've done a lot of, like, really big stuff, but, I mean, literally right now, you know, the thing I've been doing, you know, just sampling, this is McDonald's, and it's not multi million dollars, like, we literally go out. I've got a, I built a food truck, and we serve fries to people. You know, it sounds so basic, I've served 3 million fries, you know, that's a lot of you know, and it's people that you know haven't tried them and stuff like that. This is, you know, Legacy product. But, I mean, I've done stuff for, like, smaller brands a lot, too. A where it doesn't, like you say, it doesn't have to be crazy, you know, it literally is just like a little, you know, simple activation in a 10 by 10. You know, I'm blanking on specific stuff. I love sampling, but, you know, like for different brands or I did, I did something for Time Warner Cable once where we literally hired a singer to go out, and we would show up in like these, like high traffic areas with, like a singer, those kind of like they were gearing towards, like a Hispanic crowd, and he would like do covers of the this music. It was all gorilla. We didn't ask anybody. We would just show up. We get kicked out, we move on to the next place. And, you know, but people would, like, crowd around this guy because he was super good. But we could, you know, he was wearing our shirt, and we had, like, you know, little brand ambassadors. I would kind of be like, you know, just give him a little goodie here or there. Maybe it was like, I goes a little snack or something while they watched. And it was very passive, but it was fun. You know, there's so many little, little ways to just get in front of people and, like, something like that. That was a long time ago, you know, we didn't have social quite the same. Like, you could do so much with social on that, like, utilize that as well. But yeah, I mean, you know, I did say, you know, I say that events cost a lot of money, but be creative, because you can do some really cool stuff on the cheap if you want to, you know, like, or the other thing is, is be a part of a bigger event, you know, like, like, I've done a lot of stuff with, like, gifting houses and things like that. So like, with that, you know, you've got the big boys that are spending a lot of money, but you know, you've got a smaller area at that house. And you know, you're at this mansion with, you know, and let's just say Stoli is, like, it's a Stoli mansion, but they're looking for smaller brands to do fun stuff in that area too. So you can, you can, you know, kind of hop on their coattails a little bit. Yeah, I don't know there's, there's a lot of fun stuff. That's the thing about, I like about events. I moved from doing, like film and television to events, because kind of the sky's the limit on what you can do.

Speaker  756512:00
Any thoughts on doing gorilla marketing kind of stuff, just like ad hoc stuff, just like ad hoc stuff, where you just kind of run around the streets or different areas are completely not you get, you know, five or 10 people to do something stupid and just to create a

Speaker  759829:20
buzz, yeah. I mean, I've done it a ton. I mean, it's easier with sampling your product. I mean, is a little trickier, because you want them to taste like, you know, in a drink or something like that. Or, I mean, you could literally make a, you know, some kind of, like, fun character walk around and be like, you know, like, Hey, you want to try this on your drink or something like that. You know, I don't know how people would do that, yeah, but there are ways to, ways to do, you know, Gorilla marketing. A lot of grill marketing is way easier with, like, a packaged product. It's just, you know, a package product where you can give them, like, here's a sample, try it, and you hope they go and try it later. One thing too is, like, I, you know, one thing we leaned into with my company is very, a very passive way of sampling. So I'll do deals with like a hotel or a, you know, we work, or something like that, and we'll just have, like, every room gets a, you know, this pack of pretzels, or whatever, you know, or that, you know, they're in a, you know, or they're, like, at a, we work there, they're on a desk, so super cheap, you know, you're paying the paying the property or something, some money. But it's just a very passive way to get your product out there. Like, for you, I don't know. I mean, I could see you doing stuff with, like, bartending competitions and things like that, where, you know, you could promote it, but you're almost, you know, like, what you're doing, like, with the hockey stuff and things like that, it's cool, you know, you're getting out to a group of people that'll use it. I know you and I talked about colleges as well. And, you know, activating your own colleges. Yeah, big time. So George, do you have a question?

Speaker  787088:00
Somebody did, yeah, I had my hand up, but I think you answered it. Okay, yeah.

Speaker  788688:00
Thanks. Cool. All right. Anybody else? Anybody else got some stories of, like, cool events they did. We got a few minutes, I

Speaker  790789:20
guess I kind of wanted to share, because the way that tandem actually started, I don't know if everyone knows this, but it's because of an event. Before we even had the product, we did an event. And so I think, you know, play, I too, believe in the power of events and like, that's really a way to connect with people, especially now, since so much of how we discover products is like on our phones, so to be able to do that in person is really special. And so, yeah, the way that tandem started was, like, we wanted to do a tandem boogie. Board contest at our local surf event that happens every year called the sanctuary Ultra festival. We just used oversized boogie boards, and that was only event to sell out, and like everyone, was super hyped about it. So that's how we got the idea to create our own design for an actual tandem body board. And then from there, how we got sales before going onto Shark Tank, because we pitched after only doing a month of business through a one month Kickstarter. So while that Kickstarter was running, we were, you know, gorilla style, just going to the beach every single day with our boards and using them. And people would ask us, Oh, where'd you get that? And we'll say, Oh, we actually are. We make them, and we're doing a Kickstarter, like, you could try it out if you want. And you know, that was all free. It just took our time because we didn't actually give boards away or anything. We just let people try them at the beach. And at the same time that we were doing like those demos, you would call them, we were targeting, like our Instagram ads to like the specific place that we were out in person. So people would be like, Oh, I also, like, saw this on Instagram, and, you know, thinks that it's this huge thing, but, yeah, I would suggest, if you're gonna do any type of, like, Gorilla type marketing, where you want sales to go in a fluid places, where people are, you know, wanting to, like, try new things. I think that was a huge plus. Of like, where we were going to the beach at is people were, like, open to buying new products. But, yeah,

Speaker  825285:20
yeah. I think with like, what you're doing, it's, you know, it's a cool thing. It's, it's pretty easy to get people to want to try it. They're already in the environment where they want to try it, you know, where. And that's the way a lot of like, you know, I'm sure Tim, you did that with, with you ball and stuff like that, you know, like the games, it's like, just getting it out in front of people, you know, it doesn't have to be any crazy activation in it. I'm sure you got, you know, you've changed the time several times, probably because of the events and the feedback you've gotten, right?

Speaker  834304:00
Yeah, even yesterday with the beach. Oh, sorry, go ahead.

Speaker  835312:00
I'm so interrupted there. But yeah, I had that happen a lot. Clay, a couple times I've done events, and it's, it's a it's good to see, like, when people like, Oh, I saw this on Instagram or social media or whatever. But what, what I've seen a lot at the events is, at least for the way u ball works, is when you do big sort of tournaments and gameplay, it sort of amplifies whatever problem you might have with the product. Like, if you're having tons of play on your product, you're going to find out the problems very quickly. So pretty much all of, like, my biggest product updates and feedback and changes has always been from events where something broke or, like, something didn't go right, and I quickly, kind of it helped me very much speed up the process of getting to a much more polished final product, just even just on the feedback side, when you do the the events. Yeah,

Speaker  848256:00
that's one thing I really like about that. I think is underrated. And I know, like, Daniel, you know, he's got another game. He's been very quiet. He's basically, you know, his marketing has turned to events. Like he's utilizing events as his main, one of his main marketing tools for, you know, getting it into the hands of, like, schools and teachers and things like that. So I don't know why he's

Speaker  854805:20
being so quiet, but that's that's true. And actually, one of the other things that we've seen from events is even different uses for for our product, like I just had so so Brock, we're, we're a new frisbee sport, and we created a school curriculum for it. We're targeting mainly school events with PE teachers. And we've had several, several different use cases come up for it. Like today, I had a school district out Washington call me and they love the penalty circle that's around the game. And you know, they're like, Can we do a bulk purchase of just those penalty lines? Like, do you sell just those penalty lines? Because we lines? Because we just use cones, and, you know, they always just get kicked around. We don't have anything that pulled. We've, we've had several instances where there's, you know, other uses for the way used.

Speaker  868496:00
Yeah, I love the feedback loop from events. I think, you know, like I said, you know, it's super underrated. And also it's just, you know, it's like, free, you know, it's hard to get people to come and play your game, you know, like, you can get your buddies to do it, stuff like that. It's hard to, you know, get a thing where it's like, okay, 1000 people have played this game today. What does it look like now? You know, is it just decimated? Or, you know what? What's it actually, you know what? What's the look and feel anymore? So I'm sure, Matthew, you have that too. You know, somebody cracks a fucking lightsaber over somebody's head. You want to know? Like, you know what happened? Yep. So, alright, cool guys. Well, I appreciate you guys taking the time. Like I said, if you guys want to talk events. Hit me up. Always happy to help. I know Tim and I, we actually need to get together. We have stuff, so

Speaker  881904:00
I'm curious, clay. So for my for my event tomorrow, like you've got so much experience with.
