9. FC Chats_ Ditch Dashboards_ Scorecards Drive Results with Matt Putra
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Their fulfillment rates went off a cliff, and what happened to them was it took them two weeks to notice that fulfillment rates dropped off. Amazon was under inventory, so revenue went to shit. They actually ended up losing about 300 grand that month from loss of revenue and being unfulfilled. But part of the reason was they didn't find out for two weeks. It took them. They had to fly there. Took them about two weeks to fix it, but if they had a scorecard that looked at fulfillment rates, they would have seen in the very first week that the fulfillment rates dropped off a cliff. Then they someone is then flagged to solution that issue. They could have flown there faster, fixed it faster, and they probably could have saved themselves 150 grand. Now there's margin, of course, is revenue, but that is why I want everybody to have scorecards. And I want scorecards by department, and I'm going to tell you how to pick the most important metrics for any of those things. Any questions on this so far. Okay, hearing none. The way that you create a scorecard is very simple, very simple. You can all do this. What I want you to do is, first of all, get your senior team members. It was just you and a co founder. Find the two of you. But if you have other people, you can bring in do so. It's just a simple thought experiment. You sit in a room and you say, Everybody, let's just imagine you're on tropical island, and on this tropical island, and those of you that know Eos, you'll recognize this. You're on a tropical island. You have no Wi Fi, you have no cell service, no really way to communicate with the outside world, except for once every four weeks, a boat shows up with mail, and you're on your lounger, and you get your letter, and on that letter are 15 numbers that you're watching in your business. And based on that letter, you have to decide, are you rushing back home to the office to solve a problem, or are you going to stay on the island for four more weeks? So what you do is you ask every single person on your senior team that question, and you have them write notes or in Slack, or what have you note taker on their phone. And then you're going to have, I don't know, between like 30 to 70 different metrics, and what you then need to do is put them on a list and whittle them down to the top 15. And when you get to the top 15, that then forms your senior teams at least score card. And you can run that same process with every other team. It takes about one to two hours if you do it right. Could be faster than that, but by the end of that time, you're going to have scorecard for every department. The important thing about that, how you pick your metrics is really important. So 15 is an ideal. 20, it's okay. 10 is okay. 25 getting a little unideal. There's too many things you want to have 15. The thing about these numbers is they need to be measured reliably and weekly. So some people would suggest net profit. Don't do that one because you can't measure it really weekly. Revenue can be tough. Well, revenue, most of us can measure weekly, especially we have Shopify and but like, you know, sometimes gross margin, you can't measure that weekly because you don't have the mechanism. So don't put it on there because you can't measure it. You measure it. One thing about revenue is that you also need to be able to target it weekly. So you're looking at like, what is my revenue target by week? Difficult to do. If you're a highly seasonal business. You might have a baseline amount of revenue that you would use for that target, and that would be fine. And the other thing about it is you want to have a mix of leading and lagging measures. We all know what those are. Yeah. Thumbs up. Thumbs down. Yeah. Thumbs up. Great, perfect. Okay, so that's how you pick your metrics, and you want to give them this guidance as well. Now, who's going to own these numbers? Right? Deal is not all you as the founder or you and your co founder. If it's just you two and senior team, that's fine. But the first step you just ask people to put their hands up if, if you have enough people, put their hands up to own one or two things. That's ideal, because then they're they're volunteering. If that doesn't work, you would assign certain people. The goal with the owners of these metrics is that they are people that can do something about them. When there's something wrong with something thread, they can come in there, they can say, well, this is why it's red. This is what I'm going to do about it. And here's how it's going to stay green forever after this. And with the targets. So the way that I do score cards, we start really simple. You have a target in one column, and then your numbers go off to the one side, right? So your target can only be one target. And what does that mean? It means you pick a minimum acceptable weekly number. A good one is contribution margin in dollars, or contribution margin as a percentage. Okay, we all know what our fixed costs are on a month divide that by four, your contribution margin better be more than that. If you're still in a burn position, at least it should be something, right, some number that's acceptable to you. Most of us want to break even and or have a profit target. So it should be your contribution merge should be whatever your weekly fixed costs would be, plus the profit target. You don't typically want to use a stretch number for this target. The reason why. Is because it will be red or green and it'll be all over the place. And if it's red or green, and there's kind of it's like that frequently, what will happen is people will stop taking it seriously. So when it's red, they'll say, Ah, it's a stress number. I'm not going to worry about it. You don't want that. You want someone to make a fuss about it. If it's red and if it's green, you just ignore it. We're all fine. Okay, so then where do you put your stress numbers? On your monthly reports, basically, or on Team targeted, however you want to do that, but your score card is not for stress numbers. I was working with somebody in Florida and their sales team. They're having a big problem with their sales team and how they're managing them with the score cards the sales team, the sales guys and people were really unhappy and very defensive. And again, what we discovered is that on their scorecard, it was all stretched numbers, so they read all the time, and people are just getting their backup about it. What I did with them is we reset the targeting to be the minimum acceptable, let's say activity rate. So calls per week. You got to make 10 calls a day. It's probably too light, but they have to make 10 calls a day. If you make 10 calls a day, we will be okay as a business. We really want you to make 20 calls a day, because then we're going to be awesome. So what they did is they had red if it was under 10, green if it was between 10 and 20, and I think it was purple or pink if they got above the stress target. So they had three colors, and that ended up solving a lot of the problems on their sales team. So the way you do it again, if it's red, it's read, someone has to make a fuss, right? So it just cannot be read all the time. Otherwise, people will stop making a fuss, and it loses the efficacy of having a scorecard. Any questions on how you set targets or what numbers might be helpful to put in your scorecard? Do?

Speaker  106805:20
I

Speaker  108000:00
have a sorry if I should have raised my hand, I imagine you may get there, but just like the amount of time I have to imagine we all want to, like, make these as easy as possible to pull and have that, you know, not a burden, if you're not, yeah, I'd love to hear you speak to that, but I imagine that might be in the presentation.

Speaker  113328:00
No, I don't remember it is. But So your question is about like, this is going to take a lot of time forever to put in their numbers, right? Yeah. So the way I suggest everybody starts is having a VA do it the average cost, I think, super metrics, like 150 bucks a month. You'll pay a VA loan. Less than that per month to input four or five score cards worth of data once per week. Ideally, they have other stuff to do, but there are people that you can grab from Upwork that will just do this one thing. The reason I say start with the VA is it's easier than developing like data pipelines, even with super metrics to get in. Sub super metrics is very easy to use, but the problem that I see more often than not, is that people think scorecards are valuable, but they don't have an automated way to get the numbers in, and so they don't do it as a for example, I work with a company that's throwing about 100 million in San Francisco. They have a data science team. And I said, Guys, we don't want to we have a scorecard. We need a scorecard. So they said, Yes, we do need a scorecard. We got the metrics. Got the metrics in there. And they said, Okay, data science is going to fill it all in. Two fucking months later, they weren't done. And I got all I got really upset with them. I said, I don't, you know, no more data science team. Find the admin person, have them do it manually. It was done the next week. So start with the VA, is what I always suggest. And then as you figure out what numbers you like, use data pipelines after that,

Speaker  135413:20
I do have a question too. I think Jack calling from Toronto. Hey, metrics, can you just give me some metrics? So I'm basically a solo founder, and I'm just, yeah, give me some metrics, because I want to start a scorecard about a guy who's got a guy who's joining me. He's my CMO, so I'm kind of like the COO, he's the CMO. What do I do for metrics? I don't have a CPG, business food. It's mostly B to B, but it's also D to C. Yeah. Great question. We're looking to grow D to C. Thanks.

Speaker  143562:40
Yeah. Great question. So I have a prompt that I made for you guys in this deck, which will help with that, getting the metrics on at least some options in front of you, but in terms things that, yeah, of course, that I would be using, I look at bank balance. Look at that every single week. If it's below a certain number, it turns red. You got to jump up, down. Figure it out. Bank balance, contribution, margin dollars. I love that one. I look at blended ROAs. Some people will hate me for that. Some people are okay with it. You could look at, you know, new customer acquisition and Kat you could look at am er acquisition, marketing efficiency ratio. You could look at gross margin. If you can measure it, you can look at rate and sale of your SKUs. If you have that data, there's a ton of stuff. Yeah, okay, cool.

Speaker  156906:40
And you said you have this in the presentation as a prompt, and I'm going to get this presentation. I can unpack this with my

Speaker  158410:40
you are going to get it. The prompt is here, so just dump this thing. In, replace the blue text, and it should give you 50 options, of which you can

Speaker  161680:00
from chat. GBT, nice, great.

Speaker  162351:59
Whichever one you use will work. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker  163280:00
Nicole. Had you had a question to Nicole?

Speaker  164368:00
Yeah, I did. Thanks, Clay. So I'm Nicole. I run a business called hair strong, and we sell adjustable athletic hair bands to people with long hair that are were either work out a lot or have need their hair for their job. And my question would be for the scorecard you mentioned right now, metrics like bank balance, contribution works and ROAs, which I would look at more as like output metrics. But would you also want input metrics, or would you have two different scorecards that and then you link them or like your actions align with the outputs?

Speaker  173370:40
Great question. So your question is inputs or outputs, and do they go in different places? No, I would put whatever to you gives you the best signal on the business. Now let's say, let's start this at the top, right. So let's say you have you and a founder, or you and a senior team together create one that tells you how the business is doing at this senior level. If you have a sales team, they need to do their own and that will have a lot more detail, but specifically on the sales side, on the sales side, when I do those, I definitely want input measures, because my output measures should be directly correlated. Like, let's say, if I make 50 calls, I should get 10 meetings or whatever the number is going to be right. So yes, manage them both. Like I said, the tricky thing with sales people is they need to actually work harder than the baseline, typically. So there does need to be a different place where you measure performance. Typically, we would look at that on a monthly basis, but you can see in the score card how they're doing. All of them should be green all the time if it's input, basically. And then if your input measure and conversion rate to meetings, let's say, breaks, you can actually measure that right in the score card too. So if the conversion rate from call to meeting breaks, you'll see it in one week, instead of waiting till however else you might notice that you'll see it right away, and then you can solution, figure out what's going on, rewrite the script, do better follow ups, like all that stuff. That makes sense?

Speaker  195487:59
Yes, that does. I think my issue is like figuring out which actions drive the most return and so figuring out an easy way to see okay, I have this limited time. If I just keep doing this, I have to say no the other things, because they're just not working as well.

Speaker  199509:20
Hell yeah, great question. So figuring out where to put your resources to get the most ROI, this is something I love, and I'm so happy you asked it. It's not even in this presentation. So I have had the pleasure of being CFO for fairly large businesses and some small ones too. One of the things I love doing is, I don't know what it's really called, but I call it like a funnel map. So on E commerce, for example, I look at impressions and CPM, and then CTR and and site visits and conversion rate and add to cart and all the way down that funnel till they finally purchase. You can look at that backwards over time, and you can actually model that in a future looking way. So let's say you look back over time, and you'll see everything will jump around a bunch. So there was one client where I said, Well, we have 100 grand that we could spend on fixing something. Should I buy more impressions, or should I do something else? And so for them, what I did was I looked at, okay, let's just say, then I make kind of a calculation, and I go throw 100 grand at the impression stage. What happens? It spits out X dollars in revenue. Then I was like, Well, what if I spent 100 grand on fixing CTR? And I said, Well, what is their CTR? Now? What has it been before? So when I looked at their CTR, if you improve it by for them, it was point, oh, 1% they get more profit than if they buy $100,000 worth of impressions. And that point, oh, 1% was well within their long term average CTR. So for them, I said, spend 100 grand on CTR. You will make 50 grand. Instead of buying more impressions with you 45 grand. So that's how I would make decisions on a sales team. You'll do the same mapping. It could be, I'm not the best salesperson, but it could be like calls to to first meeting, and then there's, like a show rate calculation, then second meeting, and then there's but you can map the funnel in the exact same way. And you can ask the funnel like, if you make it in it's like, ooh, sheet calculation, relatively simple. Ask the funnel if I put 50 grand here or 10 grand here, or if I put 10 grand here, which one gives me the most bookings or conversions? And that's where you then put the 10 grand of resources, right? And the way that you figure out how much you improve is you look at the long range averages. If you say I'm going to make CTR twice as good as it always has been, it's likely not going to happen. So don't put the money there. Fix what's broken first, and then you can test next. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Helpful. Any other questions? On targeting or anything like that. No, go for it. Okay. I will move on. So now, how do you use these damn things to actually drive results and make your company move faster? I recommend for everybody to have weekly meetings at every team level. So for our, my company, we have a senior team of five people. We meet once a week hour and a half. You don't have to do that, but, and then every other team has their own meeting on that meeting. Again, if you know us, you know this agenda, you have an icebreaker. Always do an icebreaker. Meetings Suck if you don't do them, trust me, then you do scorecard review. So you look at the scorecard, red, green, red, green, red, green, whatever. If it's red, you drop it on a separate page called an issues list. If it's green, you don't talk about it. Okay, so once a week, when you go through the scorecard, don't let anybody explain the numbers. Don't let them ramble. Don't let them talk about it. You just go, Is it red? Cool. Put it over here. Is it green? Don't discuss it. Red. Here, green. Don't talk about it. Just move quickly. If you don't people, you're just giving people the option to be defensive and all this stuff and it and it takes time to get there, but do it quickly. So for example, you see, I have a fake issues list here. I just do this in Google Sheets, and I think this template is attached in the in the deck for you. If it's not, DM me on founders club, I'll send it to you, but sort of the issues list when you get through the rest of the agenda, talk about it. So we also do a thing called Rock Ruby, where you look at your key initiatives for the year quarter, whatever. We also do headline and some other stuff. But let's say you just do icebreaker scorecard issues. Just do that, skip right to the issues list. Okay, revenue growth is off target, or AOB is off target. What do you do right now? You discuss, identify, discuss, solve, identify, discuss, solve. Yeah, two main ways you can solve problems, two of the easiest ways that I know of, five whys. And really, you're going to get to the root cause, right? So five whys of the two is the easiest one. It's fucking annoying, but it's good if something's off, CPM is off. Why? CPM off, because, blah, blah, blah. Well, why did that happen? Because this and that, because why did that? And you just asked the person five times, you know what's great? Absolutely, it is. It's annoying, but it's great. And you just ask them, why five times, and people will get irritated. But if you preface this by saying, Hey, I'm going to annoy you here, but if you just let me do it, we're going to be better off as a company. They tend to go along with it. So ask them why? Five times when you do that, and if you're disciplined about it, you will get beyond the surface level symptom to some underlying issue. If you solve an underlying issue, you will solve multiple symptoms and ones that you didn't know about. That is why I want everyone to do five whys. Ishikawa has another name, called a fishbone diagram. I didn't put any explanations here. You can Google it. It's there, or chat GPT, is there when you have a very thorny, bigger problem, this will help you by it helps you, like, figure out the problem vectors and which one. It's not hard to do. Just just follow a process. I have used both of these very effectively to solve problems. It's awesome, but please don't just solve symptoms all the time. It's like, whack a mole. Can you go deeper? Can you encourage other teams to go deeper? Like, at this point now, all my teams are following this process, but it took, like, we're on our probably ninth quarter now of Eos, and it took three to five quarters to get everybody doing this properly. But now, like, I'm not the only problem solver in my company anymore. I have people that are, oh, this happened. Let's do a root cause, and let's do this report, and let's fix this and make a continuity plan, like I'm not doing all that shit anymore, so I wouldn't be able to have the business that I have now without that. And then when you solve an issue, you go, pipe, wise, why? Okay, do that? Make a to do on the list, and again, you have this template. Mark the issue as resolved. Don't leave it open. Daniel, yeah,

Speaker  301978:40
hey, man, we're loving the presentation so far. Thanks so much. And good to talk to you again. Who do you think is like a person to spearhead this, like, who's a person to be the administrator of it? Like, I imagine it would need, like an anchor, like a champion of

Speaker  306144:00
sorts, like, yeah, yes. So I would say that without buying from, probably from even you in your company, Daniel, without your buy in, this thing will fail. Probably, I was the champion in my company. I'm the founder. I was the champion. But in terms of admin, I have always had a VA or an EA that just made the checklist and made this and took notes. And you know, this person for the first probably few things, sat on everybody else's meetings as well. And so like honestly, roll it out as simply as possible. Do it for your senior team. First, make a score card, talk about it, figure out how you like the process, adjust it, tweak it, once it works for you. Then pick the next team with the most problems, and start there. If it's marketing and they're off all, you know, doing their own thing all the time, start with that one. Here's a scorecard. Here's how you do it. You know. Pick someone from the senior team to attend that meeting regularly, keep them on track. If that once that's working, do the next one with the most amount of problems. You can do it faster, but I find doing it the easiest makes the most sense. That help. Yeah, like Daniel, I joined the company last year, like I said, they're doing 100 million and they didn't have a score card, and they never scored card, and they didn't have a meeting structure or any of this shit. And I was like, we need to have this. But if the CEO didn't let me do it, it would have failed. And luckily,

Speaker  327461:20
we we've been getting we're cute. We got a good, good, talented team here, so we've been getting away with a lot. And as things continue to grow, your raw skill can doesn't seem to hold up as long. So when you're talking about a lot of these checks and balances, it's sitting pretty well. So this is something feels like an upgrading, or some sort of going from, like, a bunch of guys trying their best to like some

Speaker  333146:40
organization. I don't know, yeah, what I'm saying. And honestly, like, you can, you can hire coaches to like so for example, actually, people came here from Toronto, and I sat with them on an annual off site to set up a whole bunch of this stuff with them. And I'm gonna meet them and I'm gonna meet them once a quarter, either there or here, to keep them on track. So I can do shit like that. There are others like me who do shit like that. You don't always need them like for me, I saw this happen. I went to a client. We did it in London. I just came home, read the book, did it myself. So it's highly possible to do it with smart people by yourself. Yeah. But so so with the issue, CPMs are high. Make 10 new ads. Pretend new creatives done. Market is resolved. Don't leave it open, because it's just going to sit there. It's going to clog up your issues list all that. Just make it to do Edward's going to make 10 new ads. Market is resolved. Fucking move on. It will come back to you. If it's still going to be a problem, an issue will always come back. But just find something to do about it. Do it. Ideally, it's the root cause. Move on that makes sense. And then it's cyclical, right? You have a scorecard. If there's a problem, it goes in the issues list, you make it to do. If it doesn't solve it, it comes back on the scorecard, then you make an issue, and so on. You The good thing about the system is you don't ever drop stuff that's important to you. There's always a way to see what's going on and figure it out and figure it out and move forward that makes sense. Any questions on the implementation phase?

Speaker  356592:00
I actually have a question, sorry, so I know that myself, and there's a few other in here that are like solopreneurs, so it's not like we have team members to come in and hold us accountable to like, go over this weekly meetings and metrics and having a system for that. Have you seen stuff that works for people that are trying to hold themselves accountable in their own business?

Speaker  363082:40
Yeah, good question. Um,

Speaker  364490:40
I

Speaker  364890:40
don't work with a lot of solopreneurs to be honest. I mean, I was one for a year or so, and I just flailed around and tried to get revenue and tried to figure it out, and then I don't know, like, I didn't, I didn't I didn't do anything like this until I had people that I needed to, like, you know, manage, and even then, I didn't start to hide, like, five or six people. I think if you're looking at keeping yourself aligned, I think that what I would do is have one scorecard that covers in multiple areas of your business, I think, and even with very small teams, or if you're just going to build one particular team, have one score card with, like, executive marketing, sales, shipping or fulfillment, let's say, and then, because, again, the thing is that, like, what you want to do is decide what's most important to you before, like in advance, so that you know what's important to you all the time. Yeah, meeting with yourself, that makes sense. Claudia, and then review the scorecard yourself, because you've already decided what's important to you and that I think that would help you keep on track. Thanks, Jessica, that's great. Okay, thanks, Matt. 100% anything else on implementation? Okay? So something I have done for people is a personalized workshop. I have done it for no cost. So what you get from that is scorecards reach your departments, personalized with numbers for your business and training for you and your senior team how to use them. It takes about two to three, sometimes four weeks to get from A to B on this the time commitment from you guys would be a setup call 30 minutes. I run a workshop for your team two to three hours, and then I train your team for another 30 minutes, and then I leave you with a drive full of score cards and training and decks and stuff for your team. If the zenith is into you, you can DM me in the founders club. And then I just want to show you what else I have for you in this deck. So getting the data, I kind of talked about that, use a VA. There's there are really four options, but I recommend starting with the VA first. There is this prompt here. I ran it a number of times. It should work and it should read your. Our Website and figure out who you are and all these different things, and then, yeah, so that will help you have 50 KPIs. You can run this at the department level as well, whether it's senior marketing kind of and it should my testing, it did pretty well. Actually, there's a template here for a scorecard for you. You can make as many copies as you need. They will turn red or green, depending on what your target is at in here, there's a training on how you use it. What else have I gotten here? Oh, yeah. So another level of scorecards is where metric owners would come to the meeting prepared to answer the following three questions, why is my number red? How am I working on to make it go green? And how am I going to make sure it doesn't go red again? And if you can get there, and even I'm not fully there yet, your meetings go even faster. You bust your issues quicker, all of that. And, oh yeah, root cause analysis, a guide. Also, I got five wise example, and then, oh yeah, no, if you want to send me a review, that's great. But if not, I don't really matter. And so that is the presentation part of this. I don't have any more than that half hour for questions or 20 minutes or whatever we have. We can dive in on any part of, Oh, I saw a question from Garrett, yeah,

Speaker  421893:20
Matt, I'll jump in. I might have missed that. Is this like an annual scorecard, or is this something that you are adjusting metrics as you're going, like, what's a cadence?

Speaker  424533:20
That's a good question. I forgot to mention that, actually. So what I would do is you set it on that first workshop that you run with your team, and then you for the first four to six weeks, it'll be red or green or whatever, and be like, Ah, shit. That didn't make sense to adjust it a bit as you get as you roll this out. Once you get past four weeks or so, freeze it. Freeze your targets. Look at them again. I do quarterly meetings with my team, so it's like a day every quarter where we get together and we do, what are we doing this quarter? What's the plans? How does it relate to the long term vision, all that shit? So we adjust our metrics at each quarter. You could do it that or once a year, but changing it more than once a quarter. I don't recommend because people would be like, Ah, it's red, but we'll just change it. Do you know what I mean? You don't want that. Yeah, good question, though, of course. Cool. Any other questions, comments. I mean, while you have me, you can ask me anything financial,

Speaker  439237:20
I suppose. Let's, you know, let's start, you know, digging into some numbers. Let's figure out what you guys are lacking right now and what you're or something really good at. Make sure you know, it's actually, you know, we can share with the group as well.

Speaker  443514:40
I don't need to go into my numbers yet, but I was wondering if you had any recommendations on where to find a good VA other than or is it just Upwork five or

Speaker  446186:40
those? No, no. I used a company called Smart virtual assistants. I think there's smart virtual assistants.com That was my very first one that worked fairly well for the first year, and then actually hired direct. So I ran like a job offer, and I hired a person like directly, using like, and I pay them with wise, and that's what I've done since

Speaker  452384:00
then. Thank you. Of course,

Speaker  453424:00
if you got a question, you know, hit the Hands Up button. We'll call on you as you go. Somebody else tried to jump in there. I didn't hear who it was.

Speaker  455733:20
Was it? Daniel? You had a question? Chelsea, yeah. Go for it.

Speaker  458149:20
I just have a question. Because right now we're kind of taking a step back and reducing the amount of sales that we're making this year, but to focus on, like, project management. Is there anything that you can recommend for project management over metric KPIs to kind of track, like, I'm just curious if, because, like, right now, I have a team of people, but we're starting from, like the very bottom, and I'm basically just trying to figure out, like, we're not going to be making sales for probably the next six months to a year. So what would you do in that timeframe?

Speaker  467488:00
Oh, yeah. So we use Asana for our project management. I'm sure some people use Monday or whatever, but we we look at things like task completion rates and how many tasks are overdue, and a bunch of those kind of things. Yeah, absolutely. Is that? Was that the right answer? Yeah.

Speaker  472693:20
I was just wondering if, like, a scorecard can kind of be used, like, I think the template is kind of similar to, like, project like management, so I don't really want to spend money on it right now. So would you implement this? Like, is there anything that you think I could modify based off of, like, what you're currently doing? Yeah.

Speaker  478490:40
I mean, you could, like, make Kat charts and stuff. Like, are you asking, how do you manage projects using sheets? Is that kind of. A question, or how do you Yeah,

Speaker  480512:00
yeah. I mean, I have like, 10 different staff. They're all doing different categories and kind of things like that. Like, I have some people looking for grants and funding, or some people starting to build out our marketing, but we have no inventory right now, so it's just all for, like, in the future, once we start to get those grants and funding, we'll roll out rebuying inventory, and then we'll restart all the marketing backup. So we're just kind of like trying to build systems in place to just literally just restart the whole business.

Speaker  488853:20
I understand. So if, when I ask you this, so if you didn't have self reception and you got a letter and there was numbers on it, how would you know your team's doing a good job? What would you be watching?

Speaker  492842:40
I mean, right now, I'm kind of doing everything, so it's like, I'm just trying, like, knowing that I'm no longer doing it, but it's still being done, is how I'll know when it's being done correctly. So I'm just having, like, a hard time tracking to see if, like, because they don't know what I know until I review it. So I'm just like, kind of like, in a difficult space right now trying to figure out how to navigate that

Speaker  498832:00
interesting and do you use a project management software system like Asana Monday or

Speaker  500352:00
whatever? No, it's just lived in my brain for the last four years. So that's the hard part. Is like extracting everything,

Speaker  502181:20
got it. So then if you want to know that they're on track, then you just have to find a way to see, like, I mean, you could use Google Sheets for project management, like, literally assign them tasks and checklists and things like that. Has anyone else had to manage in pre rev from there? I don't work with a lot of pre ref companies.

Speaker  508618:40
I'm not even pre Rev. We did like a million and a half in like the last two and a half years, but we're not profitable. So I just put, like, kind of like a hard, dead date on December 31 and I'm just using, like, a small amount of profit to burn through, to set up systems while I'm rebuilding our next like, for our first raise. Essentially, yeah,

Speaker  514016:00
somebody uses motion, yeah. Look, almost everyone I work with, actually, I've worked with two pre rev companies. Almost everyone I work with has used a project management system. And, you know, you're like, Hey, can you do such and such? Well, list the 10 things you have to do to get that done in your in your system, at least at a basic level. That's almost everyone's doing it that way you can do the same thing as sheets. Brad, did you have a

Speaker  520629:20
Yeah, Brad, here I'm co founder of trampolines.com and we just implemented EOS at the start of the year, really is when we started doing it. We're using ninety.io for, like, the software for it, we felt like it's been good. It's just like there. Feels like there's just like this. Like, build up a buy in on the team. How do you get more buy in and just like, help people see the value of Eos as a whole

Speaker  529280:00
fair?

Speaker  529648:00
Or do you just, do you bring in, like, third party resources? Like, I'm just kind of like, it's going well, but I think we could do better. So

Speaker  531872:00
a lot of people will bring in a coach. The people from Toronto are using me, the people in San Francisco using me. But there are other coaches. You don't have to use a coach. I didn't, and it has gone really, really well. So I think that I started with a day we when I got home, and I was, I was totally convinced this process, I just came to our meeting, and I was like, everybody, we are going to change our agenda, and here's how it's going to look. And I just started doing weekly meetings. Is what I did with my senior team first and only, and then we did a quarterly off site. And I have found that in almost all cases that it's really the founders that have the hardest time getting buy in, and the reason why is because you're it's just hard. It's just another thing to do. But in no case have I had a senior team that are not owners have a hard time, and the reason why that is is because it's very collaborative with issues. Everyone gets to raise issues with setting their rocks for the year and for the quarter. Everyone gets a voice. They get to say their own suggestions, and they get to keep killing combined. It's the process to whittle them down. They get to whittle them down themselves. And even doing it that way, I'm still getting good goals, so I haven't struggled on the implementation. Like, what areas are you finding are an issue? Brad,

Speaker  551365:20
I think, Well, part of is the score card. So this is, like, super timely for us. I like the exercise of, like, the you're saying a nylon, like, we'll go through that. But like, we only have, right now, we only have, like, 6k weekly KPIs that we're tracking, but it just, it still doesn't seem like enough, like that it's providing enough value.

Speaker  556442:39
Yeah. I mean, it's only six, but you got to start somewhere. So what my approach to score cards in every case has been, and I have failed at an implementation before as well, like the founder, the founding team just didn't want to do it. So. I was like, whatever we dropped out of there. But we would do the workshop thing where you get everybody's input on the KPIs, and you get them to whittle them down to 15. And then if you use a VA to fill them all in, or some admin person, then no one else has to do that. And then, but they've already bought into these KPIs because they suggest them themselves, and then ideally, the owners put their hand up to own the KPI. So they've already bought in, because it was their suggestion. They offered to own it. And then so they already think they're relevant to the business, and they've already agreed to own them, and the targets are set by them anyway. So because everything's so collaborative and democratic, I have not struggled, but so I was just following that process. And, yeah, that's what I would do, yeah. Does that help? Brad, yeah, thank you. If you want, DM me and we can chat more. Okay, sounds good, yeah, Daniel, you're muted if you're talking. Hey,

Speaker  575226:40
sorry. We have the funniest thing here. We a little while ago, we made a task board, and whichever of the executives got the most amount of tasks done, they got a night away at a hotel. And so anyway, we've been doing it like, for four months now, and everybody after they go for the hotel, like they come back and rub it in all of our faces, like they go somewhere nice, and we were, like, having a beer at the Christmas party, and everyone was joking about, like, how actually more they're motivated. Even though we're all like, owners of the company, they're all like, way more motivated because they're gonna get this frickin hotel stay, and it like has moved things forward. So like Brad, as much as I'm like, part of me is like, let the merit of the software or the utility of it be its own guide. A little bit of incentive over here did some neat stuff. I didn't think it would do, so just throwing that out there.

Speaker  587514:40
Interesting, yeah, the other thing, Brad, I'll add, sorry, just one more thing is that I told everybody, like, we're doing it this way, or you can fucking leave basically, like, honestly, because I my business, we've grown 200% year over year. And I had four, five people in May 2022, and I had 24 by the next year. Like, I couldn't have done this without that system. And so I said, this is how we're doing it. If you don't like it, leave. But it is so democratic that everyone's bought in anyway. So yeah, anyway,

Speaker  596032:00
Sarah, you had a question.

Speaker  597456:00
Oh, I was just asking in general, like, which ones you found to be the most impactful, like, ones we should really consider including on our scorecard.

Speaker  599653:20
Great question. I think it's personalized for everybody, but I see very common ones. So maybe I'll start there. If you're in E commerce, you know always, bank balance is always on there. I always make people put it on their contribution margin dollars, I will have see that on there, meaning revenue, less. Everything variable in dollars, because if you don't have amount over your fixed costs, you don't break even, right? So I like watching that. Or if you don't have it above your break your fixed cost plus profit goal, you don't make the money you wanted to make. So I always have that there. From there, I see quite a bit of variation. Some people like blended ROAs, some people like new customer ROAs, some people like blended CAC, some people like new customer CAC. But I see, you know, for me, like at the executive level, I'm like bank balance, contribution, margin. I like looking at sales. I like looking at row as whether it's blended or new customer, whatever. I typically will look at blended, because blended relates most to your profit and loss statement. What else would I put on there? I would put on there some leading metrics about, like, ad performance, ideally, so maybe creatives that are generated, or CPMs or CTRs or something in the funnel that will signal a problem later. And and then on fulfillment side, again, you have to look at every area as executive so like something about fulfillment, are we on track? How's it going? And probably CSAT or NPS we'll look at, usually we look at AOV or net revenue per session, revenue per user, some of that kind of stuff. Yeah, that help?

Speaker  626048:00
Yeah, that's a good idea. I've never heard about it. To think about it in terms of a funnel so you can spot problems at different points.

Speaker  627920:00
Absolutely right? Any more questions, taco scorecards. But remember, he is a CFO as well. Yeah. So anybody got anything else they want to go over?

Speaker  632725:20
Operations, Oh, yeah. Operations, yeah. If operations, if fulfillment falls under there. And obviously we just talked a bit about that. But in terms of, like, actually, like, getting the work done, we will look at overdue tasks on our whatever management system. We'll pull the report and pull out how many things are overdue. We will look at we'll look at overdue tasks by team. Sometimes, we'll break it down a bit. Have to see you know how their team is doing. What else? Well? Do you have any Avi? Do you have anything that bugs you about operations today?

Speaker  643088:00
So I don't, I don't run an E commerce business, but our business is very hands on deployment. We we execute with several team members on job sites. So one thing that we don't have good visibility on is, you know, how did they actually perform?

Speaker  648581:20
What kind of job sites construction

Speaker  649253:20
we provide live production services for the entertainment industry?

Speaker  650741:19
Oh, interesting. And what, how do you manage their time on the job? Do they? Are they recording hours, or anything like that?

Speaker  653018:40
Yes, we have a we have, we have a bunch of systems, but we use a system called lasso, where everyone clocks in, clocks out, gets more schedules and all that. So I'm not concerned about the hours spent. It's more, you know,

Speaker  657488:00
how well did they perform that day? I don't get feedback from my clients, no, not until it's too late, giving me ratings and reviews, right? Yeah, I'm at the same problem. So So customer NPS has been fucking impossible for me to figure out as well, like a agency, right? So people just don't respond when I ask the question. And so that one has been hard. What I've been doing there is I've been serving the team for how do you think your client is doing? That has been one I tried. But we also look at utilization rate. So if they're logging hours and you know, pieces of project, we'll look at utilization rates for bookkeepers or utilization rate for accountants, billable hours versus admin hours, things like that, because, again, there should be 90% billable so we do check those. We will look at, we'll, we'll segment task performance on certain areas of the business. So we'll look at that as well. And I'm

Speaker  671578:40
thinking like efficiency, like, How quick is my warehouse team flipping things around? Or, you know, on a job site? Could they be two hours less than they are? Are they dragging their feet?

Speaker  674400:00
Like, right? So you can ability on, yeah, yeah. I would need to dig in with you a bit. But, like, there's a lot I think you could do, especially if they track hours to certain tasks. So you can say, look at deployment is X percent of total. Then you can be like, well, it's deployment taking too long this week. What the fuck happened this week? You know what I mean? Then you can figure that out. We do stuff like that for us. Yeah, Chad, we do tower wind turbine service. Oh, super cool. And we have daily reports that fill out with info and fix during the day. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, there's, I think there's quite a bit you can do. Try the prompt and see what comes out at you. And then, if you want, DM me, and then I'm happy to kind of brainstorm with you in DMS if you want, or in the channel, whatever. Yeah, I'll hit you up for sure. Team leads assessments for my team. I mean, that makes sense too. Yeah, that's great. I have a

Speaker  688112:00
tried that there's a rating system on the on the thing for the supervisors to rate the crew, but everyone's friends. They all like each other. No one's giving each other bad reviews. So it

Speaker  691040:00
doesn't really work. Yes, you need hard numbers. So like, you could also look at you could also look at staff salary versus revenue is something you look at for production sometimes, but Job completion time, like, how many jobs are on track you could look at, yeah, there's a number of things, yeah. But anyway, yeah. DME, let's, let's brainstorm that. Garrett, thank you.

Speaker  698661:20
Could Matt for, like, what? Obviously, I've had this too, you know, doing live events. What I kind of did was, like, set a metric of how long things should take, too, because same thing, obviously, they're buddies. Nobody's going to call out anybody else. So I said, like, okay, you know, I mean, you've done a lot of these events yourself, right? You've been in the field, you've done them. So, you know, what's a lot of stuff to take, if you set some kind of metrics, can you do? Put that in us, in a in a scorecard, and then go off that. I mean, people aren't going to be as fast as you or as probably as efficient you, but, you know, put something at least, it's a touchstone to go by.

Speaker  708576:00
I like, I like the time versus revenue ideas. So I can, I can actually pit their performance against what the dollars earned on them. That to me, makes a lot of sense. Like, when I

Speaker  711333:20
worked at an accounting firm, we had targets for 95% billable No, 90% billable time. You got 95 you got bonuses, and they can then measure like, because we you, I mean, in accounting firm is you track increments of six minutes of your fucking day. So that sucks, but, but, yeah, it was time versus versus estimated time. Time versus revenue, all that stuff. When I was at a machine shop, we had work orders, so you'd have, you know, 15 steps to build a thing by Aaron, thank you. And each thing would have an estimated time based on the quote. And so then you could tell on this job you. Did step 415 or whatever step was it on track with what we quoted, because you needed to know if you if you fucked up the quote too. So we looked at it that way as well. Chris, thank you.

Speaker  722848:00
Yeah. Anybody got any last questions? We got a few minutes left. All right. Well, everybody, I appreciate you coming. Matt, I don't know if you have any last words for everybody, but yeah, we appreciate you coming. And, you know, build out those score cards. 100%

Speaker  728933:20
Yeah, it's great. Like I offer guys, if you want me to run a session for you, just DM me. And I've run 15 of them now, and I people really like them, so just hit me up. I can't do them for everybody, but I'll do them for some amount of people. Yeah, for sure, yeah.

Speaker  733562:40
Maybe there's a, maybe there's a way mat to do like, do like what for like E, com and service, and we'll break them up. That's like the groups too. We totally could. Yeah, that's interesting point. All right, let's do that. We get more people covered. Amazing. All right, perfect. Thanks guys. You everybody. Thank you so much. Full day. Bye.
