10. FC Chats_ Dive Into Marketing with Reddit
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  384:00
All right, all right. Everybody today, we are got the boys from Reddit here to kind of, you know, let us know, like, different avenue for marketing. You know, we're all spending a lot of money on meta and different ways, but it's not as targeted. So wanted to bring them in to kind of show you around Reddit, some of the the new things that are going on, some of the opportunities that are there to see if maybe it fits with some of your brands and makes sense. But they from, I talked to Don and the crew about a couple weeks ago, and they're doing stuff now that I'd ever knew they were doing. So they've been changing up stuff a lot in the last What about a year done something like that? Yeah, year and a half, year and a half. So I think there's a lot of opportunity there that you know might be interesting. So wanted to bring them in. I'll let them kind of kick it off and do a little intro, and as always, we will get to everybody's questions today. Yeah?

Speaker  15642:40
So cool. Thanks, Clay. Appreciate the intro. Yeah, just a quick little intro, but thanks for having us, and thanks for inviting us. I mean, it's such a cool group that you guys have here, and I think we all have so much respect for the businesses you guys are building, and we've been, yeah, particularly excited for this chat. Just given the audience, we'll keep it very casual. So please, please feel free to jump in at any point and ask questions as we go along. Or we can. We can make sure we save some time at the end to go through questions. Given it's obviously a pretty broad group of companies, we're keeping things like fairly high level. But I think the hope is, like moving forward, we're happy to take one on one meetings with anyone, and we can talk about, like, your specific industry, your specific use case or product, and like, come with insights to that. So I think, yeah, that's sort of the hope. We'll keep things pretty high level. Yeah, as Clay said, Reddit has had a pretty crazy year. I've been here a year, and it's it's been pretty wild. It's been just under a year since our Ibo, and we've seen pretty crazy growth in terms of both users and advertisers as well as like our platform has changed so much over the last sort of one to two years in terms of performance, in terms of the types of formats we have. So we'll walk you through some of that today. Yeah, we're seeing a lot of success across different industries, across companies of all sizes, but we do all really love working with founder led businesses like you guys. Just for a bit of background, I know Mike e very well. We went to school together, and have kept in very close touch. So I've sort of followed along with his journey since he started Project Life, probably about a year ago, and just seeing like how he's embraced digital marketing to grow his business and take it from an idea to a super successful business. And I'm sure like each one of you have stories like that, and we're excited to hopefully hear some more stories from some of you. But yeah, it's such an incredible thing that you guys are all doing individually and collectively, so we're really excited to join and yeah, hopefully here's some more of your stories over the coming months. Just as quick intro, I'm Dawn. I'm a senior client partner at Reddit. Like I said, I've been at Reddit a year before Reddit, I spent eight years across both Google and Facebook, so probably the to the platforms that you guys are primarily working with to date and most familiar with. And I think that's great. Obviously. I think we all understand that Google and meta will always be a very important part of growing a business and growing a DTC brand on the internet. But I think increasingly, like just as the digital landscape continues to fragment, consumers have more options. They're not all on one or two platforms. I think what we want to take you through is, you know why Reddit has grown the way we have over the last year, and from both a consumer perspective and an advertiser perspective. And I think for brands like you all are building brands that consumers do a lot of research on, brands that you know consumers want to learn more about. I think Reddit is a really natural addition to your marketing mix. So we're looking forward to kind of taking you through some of that. I'll pass over to Blake, who's our head of mid market Canada,

Speaker  69813:20
folks, just a quick intro so we can get into the content. My name is Lake Smith. I lead our mid market sales team here at Reddit Canada. Been here two years, and obviously I've seen this place skyrocket from earlier days to obviously where we are today. For context, the business is 19 years old, but the out of business is that much newer. We're just reaching a state of maturity where it makes sense for kind of all businesses, both large and small, to have an opportunity to partner with us. I don't know if Aaron's on the call, but Aaron and I go way back from his days at hush and again, I spent about eight years at meta prior to joining i. Reddit. So I've been in the sphere for quite some time, but really, really excited about today's conversation. I'll pass it on to Juliana.

Speaker  82752:00
Thanks, Blake. Hi everybody. My name is Juliana. You can call me Jules for short. I am also a client partner here at Reddit. Have been here about two years prior to that, I was at Tiktok, and then prior to that, I was at an agency for quite some time. So used to buying across all sorts of media platforms and kind of seeing what works best in in each scenario. So like Don said, super pumped to talk to you guys about how Reddit can be a good fit and how it can complement what your current strategy is, and I'll pass it on to Mitch. Awesome.

Speaker  92634:40
Thanks, Jules. My name is Mitch. I've been at Reddit for about seven months now. I'm also a client partner focusing on helping new advertisers see success on the platform and onboard and grow on Reddit prior to my time here, I was over at Tiktok, also at Juliana for about three and a half years, and then agency side before that. So yeah, really excited to talk to everyone today.

Speaker  99552:00
Cool, so I will kick us off. Here is our agenda for today. Again. Want to keep this very, very casual. Please feel free to jump off mute or ask any questions within the chat. I do see there's one question so I want to answer before we get going. Yes, we are part of the Canada team. We are all based out of Toronto in terms of seeing different results for Canada and the US. My answer is going to be, it depends. You know the the market size is a lot larger. In the US capabilities are going to be the exact same. So for those of you who are export advertisers, we can talk about what that looks like for both markets, how we want to approach them, and also what you're doing on other platforms. Do you handle us clients? Yes, we also handle you as clients. Cool. So our agenda for today a Reddit refresher, then moving on to planning for Reddit. Number three is activating on Reddit. So what does that look like? Number four, we will shift over to some industry examples, some case studies, and then at the end, a TLDR, if you're not familiar with Reddit, isms is too long? Did it read? So just a nice little recap of everything we've talked about, and then we will open it up for questions. If there's anything else from here that we want to go over again, we can address that in the Q and A, or feel free to email us after we're all done. Cool. All right. Next slide. So Reddit is intentionally different from other platforms. Community creates a we mentality that is contrast from the me centric, curated persona we often see online. So if you think about how you use other platforms like Instagram, you're very much giving your social updates when you get engaged, when you have a baby, when you get a new job, but on Reddit, because you do have an anonymity to yourself. You're I'm not Juliana Rodriguez on Reddit, I am niche underscore swim. So I can post about whatever I like. I can give as much detail as my age, my income and salary level, where I live, and those details are safe for me and will inform other Redditors to be able to give me recommendations that are strictly based on the information that I'm sharing. So they're very, very customized to me and me only. Again, we means conversations, not just comments. It's that real over curated and actively seeking information, not just passively scrolling, which I'm sure we all do, myself included, but it means intentional and real influence, rather than just superficial influencers, which have really taken over our online world, and a lot of the recommendations that are coming through are supported by influencers. Next slide, people trust Reddit, our communities are organically built upon shared interest and passions. This distinction results in a unique sense of authenticity and trust for our users. At any age where people are increasingly skeptical of social media, people turn to Reddit, and that's why we continue to see this conversation grow and grow. Reddit currently ranks as number one among all platforms for association of being trustworthy, honest and curious. On the right hand side, I can see a post that says, the one platform I trust with my life is Reddit. If you have questions, literally any questions, someone will give you an in depth, inaudible, analytical response. I love to think about Reddit as all of your best friends who specialize in a particular thing that you can ask absolutely anything to and you will get a response, and you will get an accurate response. Next slide, Reddit is more trusted in all digital. Platforms outside of traditional review sites. So here you can see website reviews are the highest among Gen Z users. But from a platform standpoint, Reddit is number one across the board, even when we look at Google, which is really, really cool to see trust is not given liberally when it comes to product research tools. So people continually use Reddit. Most of you are probably used to going to Reddit from a Google search where, I don't know, maybe you're putting best sneakers for running and you're including Reddit at the end of your search. So great to see that from a trust standpoint, this is where people are going to do their research and to get those recommendations. Next slide on Reddit, human curation makes finding the best answers convenient. So this is the percentage of platform users that say they can make a faster purchase based on X platform or for users experience. So Reddit is ranking at 73% again, above all other social media platforms, people feel confident purchasing after they've done their research on Reddit, after hearing from real people's reviews and recommendations and maybe even discovering new brands that they hadn't considered in the past. So it's talking about how you get to be part of that conversation. Next slide, and red is growing. So red is the number one platform for communities with over 16 billion plus posts and comments across 100,000 active communities in q4 of 2024. We grew by 59% year over year, to 21 million active users. That is Canada alone. When we talk about the US, it was a 58% growth to 175 million weekly active users. And then globally, it was 307 million. So when you think about your reach and your capability of targeting all of these people, of scalability, it's definitely available on the platform, and it's pretty similar to other platforms when you look at again that incrementality of reach standpoint. Next slide. Now we focus only on Canada. I do have the slides hidden here for the US, so when you guys get this deck, you will be able to see all of that. But looking at our Canadian audience, it's young and basically evenly split, which I think is one of the biggest misconceptions around Reddit, that it's mostly male, mostly people focusing on gaming. So as you can see on the bottom right hand corner, 53% male, 43% female. And growing myself included, I was not a big redditor before I joined the company, and now I truly go on it for absolutely everything before any purchase decision. I just find that it puts me at ease when it really does come to buying something, especially when we think about higher priced goods.

Speaker  206234:39
Can you, hey, Juliana, can you put up the Can you pull up the US one? Because I know we originally

Speaker  207866:40
talked, yeah, of course. Mitch, are you able to unhide

Speaker  210032:00
Yes, give me a second here. Yeah, no problem.

Speaker  212271:59
And Juliana, while we pull it up, can you comment on how that demographic has shifted over the years. Like, I think that's a good kind of overview, because my perception of red initially was always like, 90% dudes. Always been 50% female. Or is that just in recent

Speaker  217429:20
years? It's no that's been recent years, and Mike, it's a great point, and it's, it's why I love to highlight it, because it's such a common misconception. And I think when you actually do look at that audience split, it's really nice to see that for Canada, it's almost 5050 still a little bit more male dominated Mitch. But when you go to the next slide, this is what it's like for the US. So it's actually 51% female. I really just think it comes back to the overall theme that you'll hear in this presentation that is researching and kind of filtering through all of the influenced information that it's out there. People are inundated with options right now. I think after covid as well. Buying online has become kind of our norm. So being able to have access to all of these different options and almost not getting them through Google has now led people to come to Reddit. And like Blake said, Reddit has been around for a really, really long time. So just because advertising is now starting to really, really have its moment. It's this hub for endless information, where people really do feel super comfortable with sharing exactly what they mean. So yeah, this is the audience split.

Speaker  237866:40
And, yeah, just one thing to add to that. Jules, sorry. I think you know you see it if you break down growth of like, certain types of community. Communities or interest groups like you see, some of the fastest growing subsets of communities are stuff like fashion, beauty, healthcare, like parenting. These verticals that you know maybe weren't historically as prominent on Reddit now are becoming some of our largest like interest groups, or groups of communities on the platform. So like, while we're diversifying a lot in terms of our demographics and our audience, we're also diversifying so much in terms of, like, the types of subject matter and content and discussions people are having on the platform. I think that's sort of like intrinsic in in these graphics here,

Speaker  250421:20
that's that's super interesting. It's something that I've like. I've always used Reddit for different purposes, and it's only when I launched my business, which is, you know, we sell fertility supplements for women struggling with infertility. So it's only kind of, within the last couple of years, when I launched my business, that I really looked into Reddit. And what people are talking about is, there's like, massive community of women that are talking about their struggles, and because of the anonymity factor, they're very open about their journeys and give really, really detailed answers. So just from that has been, I guess, eye opening for us, and it's really interesting to kind of just see, because you don't get that type of information anywhere else, maybe like Facebook groups, that was another avenue that we explored, but they're all like closed and they're not as detailed because it's not as anonymous as maybe I read it, so that's been interesting for us too.

Speaker  264293:20
Yeah, for sure, and I think specifically when we talk about sensitive topics like fertility. Now, with everything going on across all social media platforms, there is a big worry in terms of censorship. So being able to talk about infertility, being able to talk about women's health, is something that is getting censored across multiple platforms, where on Reddit, because it's real people that are moderating these communities, which all have their own particular guidelines, people are still free to share their experiences, share what work, share what they're looking into in a safe way that meets those community guidelines. And yeah, it's still just a place where like that is able to still happen. So in that term as well, you'll you'll find that Reddit is such a great place for conversation across the board, and sensory in those really big, sensitive topics is not something that we're shying away from on the platform. Cool and yeah, keep the questions coming. We definitely want to make sure you guys get as much out of this as possible. One of the big, big wins on Reddit is our unduplicated reach. So this is looking at the US, and particularly how you would read this slide is 39% of Redditors are not on Instagram, 40% are not on Tiktok, 50% not on Twitter and so on. So when you look at Reddit, it really is that opportunity to speak to people while they're actively researching the product within your category, researching, maybe even your brand at the time that they're doing so, and it's accessing them on a platform that can't be or, yeah, on a platform where they can't be reached anywhere else. Next slide. And we have a lot of these conversations recommendations for brands to engage with. So we're sitting again, like I mentioned and Blake mentioned, under 19 years of product and shopping conversations, over 16 billion conversations across every stage of the funnel. On Reddit, today's conversations become tomorrow's recommendations. Really, it's super simple. You might have found something on Tiktok, for example, and you want to know what people truly do think about that particular product, I think, from a discovery standpoint, having worked there myself, it's a great platform for discovery. It's a great platform to maybe see what's trending. But then I move on to Reddit, and I look at, well, does this particular beauty product work for my skin is this? Is there an alternative? Maybe this is out of my price range, or I'm willing to actually spend more. What is that next option for me? Whether it's what car to buy next or which waterproof mascara works on best? Consumers keep seeking advice and recommendations from those trusted communities, and this brings me to this recommendation economy, and peer to peer, trust continues to grow. Reddit communities are flooded with these recommendations within conversation. So for every second, an average of two people ask Reddit communities for a recommendation, and they receive, on average, 14 in response. I have tested this myself. Have received over 14 responses each time and again. It's because I'm not shared. I'm not scared to share really personalized details on exactly what I'm asking, whether that is what to invest in in my. SP, what area in Toronto I should be renting in? Or, like I said, simply, what face wash is not going to strip my skin barrier. Next slide, at a time when real human conversations and perspectives are becoming increasingly rare, Reddit stands out as the only place where you can get real human answers for what you're looking for. So again, in that theme behind real authentic, we're seeing that people are really increasingly adding Reddit to hack their way through Google searches so that they can get direct access to these types of answers. And what that means is you're cutting through the SEO and influencer spam to get to an answer quicker, and also an answer that best works for you based on what you've shared in the past year, people chose a Reddit result on Google search over 23 billion times, and yes, that's billion with a B. Next slide, people are coming to Reddit basically to form opinions. You're in that research mentality. You're forming your opinion, and then you're moving forward with whatever your decision is. It's the number one source for personal advice. We have talks of 75% of shoppers say they can have genuine discussions about products or brands to try on Reddit. And then 74% of redders say if they needed to go deep into a product category topic, they would use Reddit. As you can tell, all of these communities are very interest focused. They're getting very specific. And there truly is a community out there for absolutely anything which allows you to get super deep into your research next slide, and that means that they're forming their purchase decision. So I've touched on this already. Again, from small to big decisions like buying a car, everyone is going to Reddit to really solidify the decision that they're making. So you're probably wondering like, this is all great love, all the facts, love that we have US and Canada. But why? Why does it matter? And why Reddit? Next slide, the people, people seeking answers on Reddit is truly because, again, the conversation is different. So on the right hand side, you can see a post from work, from home. So basically, to break this down, Reddit conversations are interest based, and what do we mean by that? It's someone coming in and defining a community of like minded people on something relevant. So somebody started a work from home. They want to get all of their essentials, and they're coming to Reddit to get basically the best recommendations that they can possibly get. We have up votes and download systems which essentially push the best comments. And what I mean by best comments, it's what other writers consider as the most helpful answers, and that'll push them to the top as more relevant. Again, we touched on this multiple times, but the anonymity behind it increases engagement. It builds trust. I have no reason to lie to someone on Greta. There truly is no benefit to me. And if it is a lie or something that people don't consider particularly useful, it'll most likely just be downloaded with anything that's useful. Again, coming to the top and the only platform where conversations are available to all and searchable. So they continue to drive value. You don't need a username to access Reddit, as most of you have been driven out from Google, but if you do create that username, you're able to customize what your Reddit looks like more to your particular needs. Next slide. So all in all, think of Reddit as the platform that combines the best of search and social. On here, you can see if people are actively searching finding answers, then that means we have strong search capabilities. You are able to use your SEO keyword list within the platform, it still has that social aspect of the way that people are using social media, and we've already talked about why people are turning to Reddit. It's to find those answers, and it's for you as an advertiser, as a brand, to be visible during those conversations and during that influential time period. Now we're starting to get into the nitty gritty of planning for Reddit, but I'm going to do a quick pause any big questions about any of the details that I've gone through so far, and you can feel free to pop them in the chat as well. Yes, Daniel,

Speaker  394037:20
hey, oh, we're a performance marketing companies, so the demographic data, the eyeballs and the mechanics of Reddit will only be as interesting as their ability to drive revenue.

Speaker  398890:39
Sorry, do does that? Is that covered? Yeah? Yes, it will be covered.

Speaker  400912:00
Yeah, cool. Any other questions? Sarah, hi.

Speaker  403120:00
This is great. And you know, I've been looking a lot into Reddit for my skincare company, but what I noticed is that people want recommendations from other people and representing a brand and saying like, and giving a recommendation obviously got me banned on I did say it was very biased, you know, throwing my hat in the ring here because I was testing the waters on on different types of things I could say. And obviously that didn't work, but at least I gave it a shot all of that to say like you guys are, you're, you're, I'm assuming, going to be referencing advertisements on this whole spiel, right? So how would an advertisement work or convert when somebody's asking a recommendation from another person, or multiple people of their own experiences, and then you pop up an ad like, how is that? How is that going to move the needle? They're going to skip over it?

Speaker  418640:00
No, it depends. It depends how natively your ad is fitting into the conversation. So because everything is community based, it's not so disruptive, where it just pops up in your face randomly. Everything is contextually relevant to what you're looking for. So in terms of an advertisement, yes, you can still see it's promoted. You can still see it's coming from another brand, but it's highlighting your value proposition. It's highlighting education that maybe other consumers might not know about. And it's all again, relevant from the lens of I'm on purpose looking for something to your case scenario related to skin, to beauty, whatever product it is that you're looking for. So in terms of presence, whatever conversation and discussion people are having, maybe somebody is not aware of your branches yet. Maybe you're hitting that particular pain point that someone's been having for a really long time. So it's again, introducing yourself, getting eyeballs on and visibility. John, I saw you raise your hand,

Speaker  434256:00
yeah, no. I mean, I think it's a good question. And I think, you know, that's a question I I've got, I've got that question at Google, I got that question at Facebook. Like, ultimately, ads, it's about being native to the platform you're on. Like, I think, you know, I someone could say, like, who click I used to get asked this all the time, like, who clicks on Google Search Ads? Like, when I google something, I want to find, like, the most relevant thing, I don't want to click on an ad. But obviously, people click on Google Search Ads. It's like a $2 trillion company. And, like, same with Facebook. Like, people follow their friends, but you know, the ads that are influencers that organically or natively fit into your feed, they obviously work like, I'm sure you guys have experienced that, and it's the same on Reddit, like, if you have advertising that fits in organically with the way people are having conversations in a certain community, We see really strong conversion. And to the earlier question, like, for sure, we know that's what matters. Conversion, performance. We'll get into we'll get into that. And again, like, that's something we can have more tailored conversations with, too for each of your categories. But of course, that's what matters. We know that. And yeah, and I think there's also, like, organic on Reddit is sort of its own topic, and we can send over some resources there, but there's lots of data about, like, the role of advertising on Reddit, with having an organic presence on Reddit, and like, how the two complement each other. So that's sort of a whole other topic that we can touch on, but can also, like, send over some follow ups on Mike.

Speaker  459530:40
Yeah, so, I mean, I think I echo, kind of the sentiment of the group is, like, I'm super interested in the in the paid ad side, and I know you guys will get to that. But just one other topic quickly you can touch on in terms of, like, the most impact for a brand on Reddit, I've seen some brands, and I think regular, larger brands that actually have their own subreddit, and they need to, kind of, like, answer questions from people transparently. Is that, like, a big avenue of growth for brands, or not really? Like, would you recommend us to kind of concentrate our efforts on paid ads or like, because that does seem resource intensive, right to have, like, your own subreddit?

Speaker  469264:00
Yeah. I mean, like, typically we see that, you know, with brands that are, like, household names, or brands that have, like, big community relations teams, like, I think for you guys, you there's ways you can do that in, like, a grittier, less resource intensive way. I don't think it's like, realistic for like, I think you can have a very basic organic strategy that you you fuel and complement with a paid strategy. I don't think it's realistic to expect, like, you know, a company that's not a multinational company, to have, like, a full Consumer Community Relations teams doing organic strategy. So yeah, like, the short answer is, there's sort. Of more nimble, gritty ways that you can do that

Speaker  480992:00
good to know, cool.

Speaker  481856:00
I love, love, love. All the questions I'm going to speed through my section, and then Mitch will head over to his as well as just kind of getting through everything else. And then we will leave more time at the end to continue to have this discussion, because I do think it's really helpful. So I'll go through this really, really quickly, different stages, and this is kind of where you guys are at right now, right like, why advertise on Reddit? Is red viable? Is it brand save? How would it work for me? How can I scale? And how can Reddit complement other platforms, and my other strategy that I'm working on next slide. So these are some of the biggest questions and tests that we're doing with other advertisers, whether it's seeing how priming your audience from a consideration standpoint impacts your performance. Takeover power. How does takeover high brand impact? Takeovers and placements impact my lower funnel? Is there a halo effect in my lower funnel reach incrementality? That's probably where a lot of you will start off of like, great. I have my tried and true, which is Google and meta. Most of you are probably on those platforms because you're focused on a last click standpoint. But again, are these platforms going to work for you all the time? I don't know. How are you going to reach people that are not on Facebook or not on Instagram and don't really care about Google ads? And then, last but not least, how do I tailor messaging to speak natively to Reddit audiences for their influence their decision making? So I think this kind of touches on the question that Sarah asked of like, how is this actually going to influence anybody on Reddit to click on my ad, to buy my brand, to be informed of my brand? So all of this can be compiled into a very customized learning agenda, which is the own hypothesis and what we are going to do in order to get there, whether this influences from what you're doing on other platform or maybe a test that you can't do on other platforms, but have always been curious about next slide planning, best in class Reddit campaigns like a pro, this really comes to how we work together with your team, the information that we need in order to put really, really good plans together for you, Being able to set up foundations, set up healthy expectations of what a testing period looks like, what healthy signals look like, and the check boxes that we need to make sure that we are crossing off before we click that Active button. Unlike other platforms, I would say we are very, very hands on and like to be involved as much as you would like us to be. A lot of you will probably have your performance experts who are used to optimizing campaigns across the board, but just know that you'll always have us there to help you optimize and kind of guide you along the way. And then, yeah, I'll get rich. This is a very quick TLDR checklist on how to execute your campaigns. All of these links are clickable with very, very specific guidelines and how to create all of the things, even having something like an auction walk through, where we mock up a campaign creation with your team directly. You can ask all the questions, but the ads manager looks very, very similar to what you're used to on meta, even on Tiktok, there is a massive performance playbook filled with best practices. When we look at these best practices, the timelines and everything is implemented accordingly, we do see really, really great performance. We even have internal tools where we can predict how much we need to change certain things by in order to see higher CPA efficiencies, or if you're going from a ROAs perspective, same thing. And then last but not least here, this is an even more comprehensive list. I know it looks like a lot, but it just gives you insight into anything and everything that you can think of that you would need in order to fully onboard onto the platform. Like I said, you have a full team behind you. So once you start going through these things, you're never on your own. So now that I've kind of gone over a very, very high level of getting started in terms of implementation, Mitch is going to go through how to actually activate on the platform.

Speaker  551541:20
Awesome, cool. Thanks. Jules, yeah, that's a lot about the why Reddit, for sure. But now let's get a little bit under the hood and talk about actually how to go about that. So right off the bat, like we often get the question, like, you know, it's ready to lower funnel platform. Is it upper funnel? What's the best kind of way to go about activating So in short, it's a full funnel platform. Absolutely. We have objectives that we can optimize towards that are built out throughout the entire funnel. Tons of similar solutions in. Tools that you'd be used to using on other platforms, like meta, but just like based on everything we talked about earlier on today, all the conversations and just the mindset a user is in on Reddit, compared to these social platforms where it's more passive scrolling, they're looking at what their friends are doing. Redditors are researchers, so it does lend itself very well to that consideration phase. So that's kind of where we say to start with, when you're first coming into the platform as a brand. So we touched on this a little bit earlier as well, in terms of the amount of traffic that we get from Google. So I think everyone would agree, Google is like a pretty lower funnel platform, like that's where a user might have been exposed to a brand somewhere else, and they're typing this in now to do their research, maybe they're ready to go purchase every every second, over 100 people are adding Google, or, sorry, adding Reddit to their Google search, and this shows us that they're looking to get a real answer. They know they want to skip through the clutter that's on the Google page, search results, and they want to skip through those like SEO optimized articles and land on Reddit, and then they're in that mindset where they're much closer to making a purchase decision. And our ad formats are built and our targeting options are built around that, like we know that that traffic is coming in, and we know the intent that our users tend to have, and this shows a very like nice layout of our ad formats and how best to leverage them for the objective of our campaigns. So you know, of course, we have the option of going full funnel and building something out that allows all of our products to work and complement one another. When we're looking at targeting certain areas of the funnel, we have ad formats that are all built around that. So starting on the left with awareness naturally, video lends itself really well to that. We support video formats for sure, but we also have these takeovers. So if you're familiar with Reddit, I know we talked about this a lot today. It's all community based. Every single topic that exists has a community based around it on Reddit, and we've organized these communities into categories that we're able to take over. So I know there's a ton of like food and Bev brands on the call today, for example, we could leverage that as a takeover for 24 hour period with premium, premium placements, and own that as a brand for a day. And you would be surprised, like our takeover units are quite affordable compared to those on other platforms. Furthermore, into the consideration the really like the sweet spot of Reddit that's like your bread and butter, like your promoted posts that are in the feed, that are targeted to maybe awareness, traffic or conversion. These are the bulk of the ad formats that we tend to use. So carousel ads, very familiar with those free formats, are kind of like a mega thread that we're able to show a ton of information on Reddit and allow users to consume it in a way that they're used to, kind of like a mini blog post. And then we have the concert conversation ad, which I'll pull I'll talk a little bit about in further detail. But this is a really great solution. I think we have, like, some examples of the placement here on this slide prior, where we're able to show up right within a conversation. So once a user clicks on a post, the post opens up in between that post in the comment section, the discussion is the conversation placement, and we're able to target that with keywords. So super, super contextually aligned in terms of placing our brands right within these conversations. And then lastly, we have our conversion objective that can either be leveraged just with a promoted post, or we also have the dynamic product ad solution that hopefully you're also aware of, as it's very similar to stuff on other platforms. So so how we target on Reddit? We have a number of targeting options that a lot of which you're going to be used to, and some of which are unique to Reddit, and take things a step further with contextual targeting. So from left to right, you know, we have the niche segments to the more broad. So we absolutely support custom audience segments. So all you're retargeting your customer lists, building look alikes off of your pixel events, and then a little bit more unique. We have the keywords. So of course, like keywords are big on search for targeting there, but on Reddit, we're able to target discussions like I mentioned a little bit with that conversation placement. So based on you know what conversations are taking place, the topics people are searching for on Reddit, the research they're doing, we can define a list of keywords to find these discussions that are going to be most relevant to your brand, standard audience. Like, of course, like geo. Gender device skipping over that to communities. So like I mentioned, all of those communities that exist on Reddit, we're able to target the members of those communities that will directly show that they have an affinity towards that topic, whether that's like a sports community, like our slash golf finance, our slash fitness, tons of wellness community, skincare communities, like, literally, for every topic out there, there is a community for it on Reddit, and then the most broad, where you're really looking to put your brand out there. We also have interest groups, and those are built on, like, long term inferred interest based on users browsing habits throughout Reddit.

Speaker  652058:39
Great, cool. So just like double clicking on the conversation ad placement again, just because I think it is a really unique ad format and fits really well when we're trying to go very contextual with our targeting, just another little example of it here and showing that user experience that flow from the feed of seeing a discussion and then moving through to the conversation a lot of the times as well, like from all that traffic that comes from Google, Google will often link, link a conversation or a discussion right within their search results when Reddit is included, So the user will land right within the conversation on Reddit and find all that information that they're looking for. So that's kind of your way in to, you know, skip through the Google clutter when they're adding Reddit to their search result, and it's all going to be Reddit posts and being able to place your brand right within that conversation. And then also highlighting the dynamic product ad offering. So just how this kind of looks and feels on Reddit, it's powered by your catalog. It's dynamically served. You can do prospecting to you know, show your products to users that haven't seen them yet based on their interests, or retargeting to show up products that users may have already seen and browse on your site. We could split these up into product sets. It does all the same stuff that you're used to on other platforms, and it's been performing quite well. It's been pretty heavily built out over the past year. You got a question,

Speaker  677184:00
Mike, yeah. Hey, Mitchell, just on this piece. This is interesting. So it's a two part question. One is I, so I've been using Reddit for quite some time, never really paid attention to ads before, because either they weren't relevant or just never paid attention to them. I have noticed in the last like year, like the ads have just gotten a lot better, or the targeting has gotten better. So my question there is, is that, like, an algo change, like you guys are working really hard on the algo, and then number two, in terms of the actual setup of targeting, is it automated? Or do you do interest targeting, the way that Facebook used to allow you to do, like, how does that look?

Speaker  689024:00
Yeah, for sure. So I know we touched on a little bit about the history of Reddit. Like, it's really become a proper, like, ads business in the last few years, but it's been, like, significantly enhanced, I think, in the last year, even since I've been here, in the last six or seven months, I've seen the investment on product iterations and kind of playing that catch up game. So absolutely, there's been a lot of investment and focus on the algorithm, how the products look and feel, how we target, how we serve users and kind of maintain that experience. And then, yeah, for the interest targeting we can absolutely do, do that, as I kind of showed, show those options, the interest groups exist on Reddit as well as sub interest groups. We have like an expanded targeting solution that you can just kind of click as a check box to like show, show my ad to more users that might be interested outside of these groups. But we don't do like the fully automated AI setup that that Facebook and some other platforms are really leaning heavily into. Well, yeah,

Speaker  706256:00
yeah, Mike and another I agree, like, the ads have gotten a lot better. I think a lot of that is what Mitch spoke to. The algorithm are targeting. Like, more and more user signals that we're collecting allows the target to be better. I also think the creative has gotten a lot better. I think historically, people would just take ads from meta, put them on Reddit and expect them to perform. And you know, it's not bad, but it's much better. Reddit has its own sort of unique like tone of voice and style, and more and more like as our team grows and people are becoming more familiar with Reddit, they're developing creative that's made for Reddit that feels more native. I think that's a big portion of like, why the ads are feel better as a consumer, but also are performing better. And I think that's, you know, creative is a whole other topic. But in general, when you make creative for Reddit, which more and more advertisers are doing it. Looks better and it performs better. Blake,

Speaker  720528:00
yeah, the only thing I just want to add is coming from beta and working on the DTC disruptors vertical, when I joined, like, custom audiences didn't exist. And a lot of you may have kind of tried Reddit and said, This is not performing platform like custom audiences, keyword targeting, dynamic ads, conversion based optimization is all relatively new in the last year and a half. So we are becoming more of that performance platform. And again, I think we have a bit of a superpower of this. Are we search, or are we social? Because the contextual keyword targeting as well as conversation placement, doesn't exist on any other platform, and it's becoming our performance superpower. So just something to consider, considering, if you have tested the product, and I saw, saw a comment around kind of bought traffic. Like, we have definitely matured as a platform, and you can see it in both the ad tech as well as the user base.

Speaker  733434:40
That's that's super interesting. I, you know, I actually have noticed it, like the ads are really targeted, and even when I'm searching things now, it just kind of like, speaks me a lot better for for as a brand, though, like, do you guys find that the automated option for targeting is better, or do you find that the specific, detailed custom ones are better? I'll

Speaker  738800:00
answer from a very high level, and then I'll ask maybe the other team members to answer, we aren't we don't have like, performance Max, or we don't have advanced shopping class, like that, stuff that we're leaning into. We need to get better signal and more signal where we can build more automated solutions in the future. So right now, that's why we have such a service heavy team. We will put bespoke recommendations for this specific audience, for the for the specific vertical or product that's that you're going after. But we are not there with like, check the box and let the work, let that platform do the work for you. Got it?

Speaker  747658:39
Okay, cool. I know there's a couple more questions, but like, I'm almost done here, and then maybe we can skip through and just like, address a couple additional questions. But yeah, I just wanted to, like, close out this section of like, not taking our word for it, holistically, providing you with a couple stats. I know there's a call out on, you know, does revenue? Does in revenue and ROAs be driven from Reddit? So yeah, Reddit ads complement both brand as well as performance media. So they pretty much allow your other channels to perform more effectively, as well as getting, you know, access to this very unique audience that exists only on Reddit. So these numbers on this slide are just from like a media mix modeling analysis that was conducted by Nielsen, just showing that there's more incremental revenue driven from each channel and Reddit was also activated, and the highest of that being Reddit, plus other social platforms at a little bit over 11% which is probably most relevant to the group here today as well. And then furthermore on that, Reddit ads were also proven to to more than double the the incremental impact of media dollars versus a media plan average in this multi touch attribution study with NuSTAR. So this study included data across 15 brands that showed Reddit drove significantly higher incremental ROAs when compared to non Reddit media. So you know, obviously these are just some studies that we've done to prove the use case. Every brand is going to be different, but we pretty much have case studies as well that we could follow up on that will be, you know, aligned to your industry and your sub segments as well. And then lastly, like my last slide, I promise this time, is incentives. Like, we didn't want to leave you guys without anything, so we were able to get approval on, like, an exclusive incentive for the group today, that's just a little bit higher than our traditional New activation incentive. So one of which is more limited, where it's, it's actually doubled the 20% ad credits for all new activations prior to March 14. So minimum investment of 25k there, and then we'll, we'll match that with 20% all the way up to 125k which would be a 25k credit, and then afterwards, 15% in AD credits. And we could call that run, running through q2 let's say, and then, dependent on, like the products that we might be testing and the measurement solutions that we can include, we may be able to offer additional incentives and add credits on top of that as well, to help your first tests, you know, be be a little bit more profitable, ensuring we hit those, those rise numbers while we get up to scale, and then, you know, hopefully continuing from there. So I'll pass it off to Don, Don, I don't know if we want to go through the industry examples or maybe just address

Speaker  794421:20
those. Yeah. So we have a lot. Maybe Mitch just flipped through, like, the first couple. I'm not going to go through them one by one. These are just some examples of, like, ads that we think are good, that are, you know, sort of in the same space as some of you, but we'll send this over as a follow up. Yeah, there's a lot. I just think it's good to for those of you that don't use red. It and haven't seen sort of the growth of the ads to get a flavor of what they look like. But yeah, let's just use the last eight minutes for some more Q and A to make sure we cover off the rest of of the questions. Paige, you want to start?

Speaker  804160:00
Yes, hello. I will try to make this as quick as possible. So I'm very familiar with Reddit for a sad reason that we have a not so great Reddit thread, and we had responded like so organic, I guess perspective, we had responded our posts, or our posts had gotten deleted, and then we also had asked some VIP customers to help us out on this one, because it was a negative one. It was a warranty issue with one of our products. We create couches, so we had rectified all the issues. Obviously, people were still upset and wanted to share that. The unfortunate part is that all of the people that we had asked to be like, can you just share your honest experience as to what it was like with us? All the positive ones got taken down, all of our responses as like founders got taken down, and the thread got closed. And then, from an organic perspective, we also tried to be like, what if we create our own and try to do that organic part? So I guess I'm asking for help on that, and I know you guys are going to share a playbook, but, and I love, I love the ability to be honest on social, but it also sucks when it's like, not entirely true, or a lot of people will sway it their way, which kind of scares me about Reddit, but I do know it's a platform that we do, like, need to be visible on, and at least showing that we're we're there to interact with our audience. And I know that's long winded, but honestly, this is the one thing in our business over four years that has given me, like, actual anxiety and like, lost sleep over like it just it sucks to

Speaker  827034:40
have up. Yeah. Oh,

Speaker  827898:40
go ahead, Paige, honestly, thank you for bringing that up. I know, I know, I know, and I think we all hear you. You're probably not surprised that you're not the first advertiser or someone with a brand who has had sentiment on the platform, like we said, because it's anonymous, people will be so raw, true and honest on there and like, if there's a bad experience, like, so human to just kind of, like, post it on the platform. I think it's great that you got like, the people that were really, really happy with your product to try to jump in there. Sometimes, from a community moderator perspective, when you see a high influx of, like, really positive feedback, they kind of think it's paid for, or they think it's not necessarily as authentic. But with that being said, like, there's many different approaches that we can have this in terms of your anxiety for Reddit brand safety is massive. On our platform, we have so many levers that you can pull. So for example, not all communities are ads addressable. We have different inventory filters that you can select on your ad account based on how selective you want to be. And then we also have the opportunity to exclude keywords and communities on the platform. So again, with any of us on this call that you end up working with, or like have a call with, we can make sure that we go over all of that together, that we look at what the organic presence looks like. We can do an SOV analysis, a sentiment analysis, just making sure that we're all on the same page before we kind of take any next steps, especially if you've kind of seen this on the platform before. But again, because we were used to experiencing these things on the platform, there's always action items that we can have, there's always next steps that we can take. So I appreciate you bringing all of this up, and I think having a follow up conversation, maybe a follow up call, would be really, really

Speaker  857669:20
helpful. Yeah, I would. I would love that. I think that'd be great. I've honestly just felt kind of lost with Reddit, and totally I don't want to feel like that, so I'm grateful for this call, and would love to know, like, how I can be working on that as a brand as well. Yeah, for sure.

Speaker  861818:40
I think there's lots of hands. I see Mike as the first one on here.

Speaker  863514:40
Hey, yeah, sorry, sorry for all the questions, I'll try to make this one quick. The one thing that you guys talk about kind of multiple times briefly is, like, the account management side and and how you guys can help. Can you expand on that and be, you know, be as transparent as you can as like, how much, how involved you can be. Like, can you look at our creatives and tell us, like, that's not going to work try this, because, like, you know, the account managers on the on meta are, like the running joke, right, where, where their advice is basically just you to spend more money, and they don't really actually help you. So we'd love to hear about how you guys differ, if at all. I'll

Speaker  873717:20
take this one team if you want. So we are not bots. We are real people. AMS are real people. They're not chat bots like at meta. And again, power to meta. That's how they've been able to scale their business. We are still a bit of a challenger brand, and we are with you from Day Zero. Again. If you're spending $5 on the platform, we're obviously not gonna be able to do too much, but as you scale with us, you get real dedicated support. So each account within. Big market portfolio, get both a client partner as well as a client account manager. So we are there with you from day zero. So yeah, the answer is, we are real people. AMS are here to support you as our CVs myself and the sales management team at right in Canada and North America, for context

Speaker  884784:00
and for more context in there, like we do, go all the way from self serve hybrid to manage. Like, manage is kind of like a very individual situation, like, it's something that we would get into deeper conversations about. But take it from me. I was an am, what, six, five months ago. So that's why I say it from, like, personal experience, having worked at an agency, bought across Facebook, Snapchat, Pinterest, all of them, and being here and seeing the type of service that we offer from an account management, even a client partner perspective. And like I mentioned this earlier, we are very, very hands on, as much as you want us to be, if you want us to be hands off, we're happy to do so. But yeah, in terms of, like, getting insight on creatives, creating new headlines for you, looking at optimizations, what's working, what's not working, full pixel, QA, full Kat be QA is you have access to a full team that would do that for you.

Speaker  900448:00
Clay, I think I want to get to Nick and Isaac's question, Nick, go for it. Yeah.

Speaker  902581:20
So on my side, I definitely a long time Reddit user. I think seven years now, we were in the cannabis industry. So there's dedicated threads of each of our provinces, each of our markets, Reddit sub communities that I'm actually like a, you know, I, even though I'm the brand rep, I managed to respond to questions agnostic, agnostically. So I have, like, a reputation on those Reddits, which is a good thing, and just trying to figure out how he can leverage that to get you know more, you know, tie into that committee more, and then advertise. And I think there's about like, three or four communities that I think we can easily target for my business. Anything for me is because of my cannabis brand, I can't sell product over Reddit. So it's hard for me to justify, you know, 30 grand on an ad campaign, or 100 grand an ad campaign, because I don't see that ROI. It's, it's really invested in brand awareness. So I would have to get comfortable to get there. But I do have, like, a accessory shop where one day I posted one, one, the link as an anonymous, anonymous user on that Reddit channel, and I've been getting two to three sales a day for past two years just from that one Reddit comment. So trying to figure out how I can leverage that on my swag shop as well, I think, or my accessory shop. So if you can just take down my phone number or my email definitely, if you can reach out to me so we can talk?

Speaker  928896:00
Yeah, and I know there's been a bunch of questions. Like, we'll, we'll send everything we talked about, the deck, some of the decks we've referenced. We'll include all of our emails. Like, I'll try to, we'll try to reach out to everyone as well, but like, we'll make sure you guys have our contacts. And then we are here to field anything like, Nick, we work with a lot of cannabis clients, so it's something we're pretty well versed in, where I don't know, like the specifics of your situation, which we can get into, but we that's definitely stuff we can help with. Thank you.

Speaker  937605:20
Isaac, everyone. Thanks for the presentation. Appreciate it. So as the lead brand manager here for a large brand incubator, we're putting a large emphasis on grassroots methodologies, really building out our brands to be involved in their mission, slash communities. We've been really sleeping on Reddit for a long time. So the guideline that's going to be sent out the playbook. Does that include strategy on how to properly build this out, both from a brand perspective as well as from the quote, unquote brand manager, slash mini CEO, that we're building out to be able to approach this in a way that is according to SOPs, as well as has the ways to build up the individual to be a community leader, as well as the brand itself having a presence. Was

Speaker  954389:20
that being heard?

Speaker  954693:20
Anybody got this one? Yeah. Sorry, I

Speaker  955909:20
thought the team was jumping on it. Sorry, can you repeat your question? Sure.

Speaker  957206:24
So we run a couple of different brands over here internally, and we're growing tremendously. We have a large vision for multiple brands. We're putting a large emphasis on grassroots methodology. Strategies and building out that community structure. We've been sleeping on Reddit. We just bought in a community manager that's going to be taking on Reddit as well as our presence externally. We have a large Facebook community, but never really did that on Reddit. So the playbook that's going to be sent out for the organic side does that include strategies and methodologies for both building out the brand presence, as well as building out the community leaders to be able to be as sort of leaders within their niches.

Speaker  967317:20
Yeah,

Speaker  967541:20
absolutely. So there's a few things with that organic playbook. I think it gives you a really high level of what organic presence looks like, and it gives you kind of the understanding of like overall, remember the human remember that as a brand, your biggest tool of success on Reddit is going to be what value are you adding? So if you're showing up on the platform strictly to sell and like, that's all you're kind of pushing, without really adding value to the conversation. And trust me, like, I know there's going to be positive negative. I wouldn't take it as negative. I always like to say constructive, but there's always going to be feedback. So like, how is that being implemented into your products, your services, whatever it is that you're representing? So that playbook will cover that. From there, because you are allocating resources to a particular community management person or team, there is probably way more that we can cover that is not going to be on that playbook. We have advertisers like Equestria, for example, that does this really well. They've had their own community for years. They manage it all themselves. So we have insight into what that can look like. And then once your team gets started and everything is kind of flowing, we would also be able to look at what everything looks like, but you also have access to tools like Reddit Pro, which is literally free social listening like you don't even need to advertise on the platform to get access to it. You sign up, you get access to trends conversations, you can do keyword analysis. So from that aspect, I would try to marry both and fuel your organic presence based on the conversations that are being had, whether it's your brand, competitor brands, or what people are talking about overall. So again, happy to chat, happy to like, go over the strategy together and maybe customize it a little bit more to exactly what your team, in particularly, is doing, because most people try not, try not to get into the organic but like, it is a bigger lift. So because you're doing this, I think it's awesome. I think it's going to be really, really beneficial to your brand, specifically from an education standpoint. So yeah, we can definitely chat and meet up and discuss it more cool.

Speaker  1003029:20
All right, if you guys want to just reply to Ying ping in the chat, but wanted to thank you guys for coming out. Looks like a lot of people had to jump at the the hour mark. But a lot of good information. We'll share this, you know, Donald send me all the information. We'll share the recording as well. So we should be all all set and get some more information. You know, take it to the next step as needed.

Speaker  1010304:00
Appreciate the time. Have a great rest of your

Speaker  1010879:59
week. Okay?

Speaker  1011232:00
You too. Thanks. You.
