Keynote 4
Date: April 01, 2025

Speaker  1392:00
I am so honored to bring that to the stage, my friend,

Speaker  2480:00
my man, David Gibbons,

Speaker  3488:00
let's give it up. Stand up for David Gibbs, let's go. Let's go. Stand up. Come on. You.

Speaker  7541:20
All have fun.

Speaker  8773:20
Thank you guys, thank you just because i By the way, is it okay if I get off the stage or I have to stay on, I can walk around? Oh, I hate. Okay, I want to sleep. So I always just love to get to know the audience. Why is it say scaling past eight figures? How many people are between five and 10 million of revenue in brands? Ok? So I'm sorry, under 10 million of revenue. How many people? Ok? How many people are between 10 and 20? How many people are above 2020? To 50? What's that? Yeah, that is good distribution. How many people are 50 to 101

Speaker  20912:00
100 plus

Speaker  21584:00
one? Okay, so, just so I understand, how many people in this room have heard any part of my content before? Okay, well, I know a lot of people in this community kind of know me from the Mary Ruth side, and it's a company that Mary Ruth and I created about 11 years ago with no outside funding. In fact, we were in massive debt, and it was just an idea and a concept that was born and took a life of its own to something that we never even imagined could be. But the truth is, my life, what I do with Mary Ruth has always been the thing I do on the side. For the last 26 years, I found the spiritual path, which is Kabbalah, which is just ancient, universal wisdom for every human in this world. And I was so enamored by it, it was so life changing, that I devoted my life to it. And I basically, for a nonprofit, just traveled the world on tour, gave a few 1000 seminars just on these spiritual concepts. I also got to experience one on one coaching with some of the most successful people in the world. And I got to learn from their point of view how they built, what they built, Mary roots. And everything that was created was just an offshoot, really just a miracle. I would say that came about where there's not one day that goes by that a decision is not made on an energetic, spiritual level versus a tactical, business minded level. And, you know, I wrote some questions, I wrote some things down right before I got up here, and I just want to know how you would react to these statements. Running a business is easy and fun. You don't have to suffer to be extremely wealthy. It is easy to sell $100 million a year on Amazon. It's even easier to sell 1 billion a year on Amazon.

Speaker  56501:20
Employees are amazing,

Speaker  57365:20
and I can call in any great employee who will be an A player. Tariffs are amazing.

Speaker  59674:40
I love tariffs.

Speaker  60362:40
High Amazon fees are amazing. And I loved when my margins are compressed, when my co man raises my prices. This is the best thing that could have happened to me today. Being out of stock is exciting.

Speaker  65168:00
Getting sued is a blast. What

Speaker  66080:00
do you guys think of these phrases?

Speaker  67168:00
Each one of these things are things that I had to say this month. You know? What's interesting is that, and this isn't just spirituality teaching this. I'm not just taking this from spiritual books. I've been able to experience this empirically, meeting with people and trying to reverse engineer how they became successful. And I also have this chat group. Some of you know about this. We have a chat group of about 10 founders, and we've been, we've been we pretty much message each other every day. And these are 10 founders that built their businesses from zero and now it ranges between 200 to 700 million of revenue consistently. This group has been together for about seven years and about five years, and every single year these businesses do. Very, very well, consistently, and they are in different industries, selling different kinds of products, probably similar to the products that we sell in this room. And what I've noticed about this group of people, and they don't study Kabbalah, but I viewed what these nine other founders do in relation to everything I've learned, is they all have the same kind of mindset and mentality around every single thing that happens. The first thing is, no matter what negative thing happens, they get excited about it. When tariffs come, they cheer the chat, because they know that 99% of other people are thinking this is negative, and when people think something is negative, then that's the destiny of reality that they create. This group loves when shit just goes bad for globally in the economy and there's uncertainty, and by the way, all of their profit margins get hit. All of them have legal challenges as a result, all of their revenue goes down. But if you actually spoke to them about how they're feeling about it, you would never get a hint that they are disappointed by what's going on. Every single person that I have met who is consistently successful. And you know who these people are. It doesn't matter what business you put them in, they thrive. The only time, one or two times I've ever invested in a company is when I met the founder without even looking at the product or the piano. I met him for 30 minutes. I said, I will write you a check for whatever you're doing, because it is known that whatever he does, he will be successful. Have you met people like this? Raise your hand. Think about this way. If you fired yourself today in your company, and Elon Musk took your position and he could not use his resources, his money or his network, what would the revenue of the company be by the end of the year? And

Speaker  112666:40
he knows nothing about your business the way you know about

Speaker  113648:00
why is it that we pay hundreds of millions of dollars for great CEOs to run companies they're not even that much smarter than the people who have been working at these companies for decades, but it is a price you're willing to pay companies are willing to pay for an incredible CEO, and that is, it's actually a spiritual answer, because the mindset of these great founders and each person here is relatively a great founder. The mindset of a great founder is the vessel that holds all of the energy, ideas, solutions, employees that will come down into the company and trickle out into the product and eventually to the customer. For example, if you believe that it is difficult to make $100 million a year on Amazon, if you believe this, it means that there is always going to be a part of your soul that energetically desires for it not to happen. And so there'll be a part of you working to make 100 million, and there'll be a part of you that says, I hope this doesn't work out. For example, I spoke to somebody I've given this example before. She makes $5 million a year running an agency. She has 20 employees. She's been at 5 million for three years in a row. So we sit down for a coffee one day, she says, you know, what do you think it is that's blocking me? And she started to talk business strategy. She started to ask me, where I hire my employees. She's starting to ask, what should what should you know? Should I come out with a product? Should I just close the agency? She's like, I go on these interviews to bring on clients, big clients, and for some reason, they don't go with me, even though I know I'm the best agency. So I asked her, What do you not like about your business. She said, I hate, I hate all my employees. So what do you mean? She's like, they're all entitled, they're all young, they're all not working as hard as they should. They all complain about things. I hate having employees. And if I could not have to manage my employees or hire new people that would be a dream. So think about it, when she's on a sales call trying to get a client that's going to give her about 30 to $40,000 a month, it also means, and she's thinking this subconsciously, that she's going to have to hire three more people. Probably Gen Z on this team to manage this client. So there is about 40% of her that is praying to the universe and calling in every part of her manifestation power to make sure that what. Yeah, the client says, No. Can you imagine there's like a part of you, a split part of you, on this call that is like sending negative energy to the client, and then the client gets off the call. It was a great presentation, but I don't know, I don't feel them. I didn't feel a connection when they don't feel it, or when the customer is not buying it,

Speaker  166565:20
or when the retailer doesn't want to take it.

Speaker  167637:20
Yeah, the product's got to be good. That's table states. If your product's not good, it also means you're not giving, and if you're not giving, you're not aligned with the energy of the Creator, which is the giving force. So nothing's going to work anyways. But let's say you have a great product. You truly believe in solving a problem. What happens after that? All comes down to our belief systems about receiving, our belief systems about what we think wealth should be about. Because Elon Musk thinks it's easy to do a billion dollars of revenue. He will attract the right souls, the right ideas, the right laws will be passed, and he will just draw it in if Elon Musk wants to colonize Mars and everyone in the world before him thought it was a stupid idea, a difficult idea, and probably a scientifically impossible one, because he thinks it's easy and possible, he will even summon souls into this world to be born into new children, just to come serve Him and bring the new engineering invention that never had been created before, that is the power of His desire or his vessel. So each one of us, if there's a part of our business that we don't like, either we need to delegate it quickly to somebody who loves it. Or every day we are going to be self sabotaging subconsciously the thing we want to manifest. Does that make sense? Yes or no. All right. So let's say you have an employee. How many people here have at least 10 employees? Raise your hand. So think about your employees. One of the most important qualities for an employee to have, and its what I look for is an unlimited mindset, like they just got to be open. So if I throw a crazy idea at them, and they right away say that's not going to work, or that's impossible, or they say yes, but you kind of feel like these are the type of people that always get overwhelmed. I try to never hire somebody who gets overwhelmed, because if they are overwhelmed, and then you come with a great idea, even if they say yes to you, what is this employee praying for every day, hoping that what you as a founder, what you as a founder, don't wake up tomorrow with some inspiration, inspirational idea, because you're going to be giving it to them to have to manifest. And guess what? They're overwhelmed. They don't feel they have balance. They don't feel they have free time. So they will every day, like, imagine they get, like, a Ouija board out, and they go to, like, some kind of, like, black magic witch, and they say, can you put a spell on my boss to not be inspired anymore? So we actually have employees who are giving us evil eye, whether you believe it or not. You have employees that are hoping you just go on vacation and you don't talk to them because they don't have enough time. And this is just one of many examples. Our job as founders is number one to go through the list and look at what are all of our limited beliefs. And a limited belief about receiving is quantified by do I think it's easy or difficult? Do I think it's easy or difficult? The moment you think something is easy, the energy opens up, and all the right people come, and all the right energies come. Whatever you think about something is also the auric field of what everybody else feels. For example, in a seminar I give about relationships, a girl stands up and says, I've been single and I don't understand why I'm single. She said, I check all these boxes I don't understand why I'm single. So I said, fill in the blank. Men are what she's like. Men are well, please, what? What do you say? She did not say men are amazing. She's what? So, yeah, she said men are unreliable. Then another woman said, Men are are untrustworthy. Then one man, one woman said, Men are trash. So I asked different single women to say that men. One woman said, Men are nothing. All right, if you think men are nothing, which is fine, every atom, every molecule, trillions of them around you are picking up this vibration you think men are nothing, and. Every man who sees your dating profile sees you at an event, talks to you, even if you check every box, they feel like nothing around you, and so they will not want to ask you out. So that's in the dating world, and you can see we can apply this to everything in the business world. What are people feeling when they pick up your product? They are feeling, your energy, your thoughts, your breaking through, your fear or not on a daily basis. So if you wake up sad, it's not a problem to wake up sad, by the way, because it's a test. If you wake up sad, it's a good sign. It means that a huge miracle wants to be revealed. So a lot of negative forces are attacking you first thing in the morning. That's why getting sued is good. Being out of stock is good. Tariffs are good. Because all of those things come from the Creator to break a vessel to reveal double, triple, quadruple. If you think it's bad, then you stay with the same old vessel. As soon as you say it's good, even though you don't know what the solution is. You expand the vessel so the energy comes in. That's what those people in the chat did. They just keep saying it's good, and they look it as an opportunity. And so energetically, everything comes to them. One guy just decided, he said a certain challenge in his business was so good that he ended up pivoting and selling a totally different type of product, and then that became his main revenue driver, I know, in merit organics, had we not pivoted to beauty from within, or had we not pivoted to kids originally or to toddler, all of these were pivots that came literally just in prayer or an inspirational walk, we'd be walking and talking and then get an idea and then run with that idea. But subconsciously, we will always be pushing success away. If there's any part of us that believes it's not possible, it's difficult. Or my favorite one is a lot of people believe, and I believe this too, that you have to suffer to be successful. How many people here myself, I'm going to raise my hand, believe that you do have to suffer to some degree to be successful. Raise your hand. So think about it. If you believe you have to suffer to be successful, then you have just said, Okay, so before the success comes, I need at least three lawsuits or I'm not going to believe it. But if you actually believe you do not have to suffer to be successful, it doesn't matter what your parents said, Doesn't matter who modeled all this stuff for you. Doesn't matter what your religion thinks. It doesn't matter what they thought about in your old country. It doesn't matter. All these things really don't matter, because everyone thinks in a limited way, in some way. But if you believe that you can be successful and wealthy, and it can happen easily, and you can be inspired to do it, you don't have to go through the path of pain and suffering, then this is your new reality, everything we are thinking or feeling is going into our product. You know how many people throw copy Kat products of Mary roots on Amazon? You just type in Mary Ruth hair growth or something. You just see all these, yeah. And by the way, legally go after. We'll go after all of them, sure. But the point isn't about legally going after people. The point is, at the end of the day, who's got the most energy in the product? Everybody feels everything. You feel everything. So why wouldn't your consumers feel everything? So yes, going back to it, if we wake up sad in the morning, it's not a problem waking up sad, it's a good sign. The question is, if we stay in that sadness for more than an hour, or maybe three days, or eight days, every one of your consumers feels a little bit sad when they look at your product or start using your product. So people say, How do you stop churn? I say, stop being sad in the morning, people are unsubscribing from your product because they wake up and like, I don't like how this makes me feel. Well, let's say you're holding on to resentment about someone in your family or an ex. If you think that that relationship that ended, you wish it never happened, or you even wished that they won't be happy or that they won't move on as quickly as your whatever it is. Or if there's resentment with a sibling or a parent, customers will feel that too in the product. What about all these people who don't do spiritual work, who are so successful at the end of the day, even if you sell a lot of product and make a lot of money, the question is, will that person be able to benefit from the energy of the money? Right? This is a whole different discussion. But at the end of the day, even if you sell a lot and make a lot of money, doesn't mean that you have a vessel to receive the blessings of. Wealth.

Speaker  321695:59
The theme of what we're talking about is that we are in absolute control over everything. Who cares about tariffs? Who cares about Amazon fees? Yes, my team, some of them, are sitting in the back. They have to solve that. And I will tell them, you must solve for this, but my job as a founder is not to go solve that. My job is to first get excited about any single thing that happens and believe that the solution to it is easy. That's all I need to do to get out of my team's way. Because if my number one, and this is why I'm also never afraid to lose an employee.

Speaker  331898:39
If my number one employee leaves,

Speaker  333098:39
what difference does it make?

Speaker  333770:40
Because if you as a founder, have the right consciousness, you will draw in, in fact, twice as good the next day. Now, if you think it's bad and you get angry and you get resentful and you get litigious. Litigious is not bad. You get litigious with hatred. You shrink your vessel. And so the next employee has to be of a lower quality. The way I love to find employees is just walk around and ask people what they do, and then hire them, or just randomly go on LinkedIn and find them. There are recruiters. There are, you know, there are so many professional people who find people, but at the end of the way, at the end of the day, you are the spiritual HR. So before you hire a recruiter, what is your belief system about who you need to receive? Some people keep attracting the same type of employee the way they attract the same type of lover, an unappreciative one, an abusive one, a narcissistic one, a lazy one. Because what's the difference? Romantically, we're always going to attract the same type of partner that our soul correction needs. We're going to attract the same type of souls in our children who will test us and test our fears and test our weak spots. How are employees any different than the children you bring to the world? The Creator will send you the employee that will show you exactly where your limited beliefs are, that will challenge you, that will awaken your fears and touch all the spots that we don't want to touch. If we blame the employee, if we blame our spouse, if we blame the partner, then we will keep attracting the same cycle. And so the vessel called our consciousness, our soul, our belief system, stays the same.

Speaker  363093:19
I have no clue how to scale past eight figures. Truthfully, if I had to sit down and, you know, if somebody asked me if I had to start a new business, would I get into vitamins?

Speaker  366426:39
Personally, I wouldn't.

Speaker  367290:40
But if I had to start over today, what would I do?

Speaker  368202:40
I'd probably go on a walk

Speaker  369008:00
for two hours,

Speaker  369824:00
and I would make sure, out of the top 20 belief systems I have about wealth creation, that they are aligned with something that is infinite. And then I would just walk around, and I would just talk to people, and I would go to lunch with other people who have unlimited belief systems. By far the most powerful thing I've ever done in my life is spend time with people who think in a delusional way. Have you ever done that? Spend time with someone who's more successful than you in anything, and you leave, and you know what you leave with, thinking that it's easy and not hard. You know, one of the most powerful things about MDs, I attribute so much of what happened in our company thanks to this group of people. And I think probably a lot of the people who were the original members are here that I entered a group with so many limited belief systems about selling that we almost sold this brand when it was a few million of revenue because I told I remember looking at Mary with I said, I don't see how we're going to launch more products or grow our revenue, because it's so tough on Amazon. I said, Now, when they changed the review policy, I went to her, I said, we're done. There's no more search, find, buy, there's no more free products for reviews. I don't know how we're going to grow. She looked at me and just like, looked at me like with the face of confusion that says, figure it out. We're not selling the company. And then I remember talking and going into another MDS type group, which is like a Shopify group. These are people doing 50 100 million a year. And the MDS group, none of us were doing Shopify or retail. We were just like so Amazon focused. If you ask people in MDS, how is it to sell on Shopify, on DD? C or retail. What do you think an MDS person would say? It's hard, it's difficult, it's annoying. Retail takes time, takes years. If I went to the Shopify group and I talked to just DTC people today who aren't even on Amazon yet, you know when you talk to someone and they just do DDC and they're not on Amazon, and you just start laughing, and they say, oh, no, I don't own the customer, the margins or something. Then they say all this bullshit. And you're like, bro, just get fuck on Amazon, because you're going to regret it next year and the year after and the year after, and everyone always regrets it. So why aren't they on Amazon? Because Lester, somebody puts some nonsense in their head that it's hard, or that they don't own the customer. Who cares if you don't own the customer? What's right for the customer? Stop trying to control the customer. The customer feels that you're trying to control them, and they don't want to be controlled. Do you like to be controlled? You know when you when it's hard to cancel a subscription? Do you like it? Start cursing the company. You know, they're not thinking, you know, they're trying to just take from you do what's right for the customer. Go on Amazon and guess what? Amazon's easy, and you can make a billion dollars a year on Amazon. So what was powerful about meeting people outside of my Amazon bubble was I was meeting people that said retail is easy. Facebook marketing so easy. Nick Shackleford was the one who told me, You're not on you're not doing Facebook marketing. I knew Facebook marketing for six years. I said, No, I don't know. I look so hard.

Speaker  424533:20
He's like, What are you talking about?

Speaker  425541:20
And so what happens is, the more time we spend with other people who are good at what they do, it opens up our mind. I love to just go to people at events and be like, like, what do you do? What makes you successful? Why? Tell me why people like talking about that stuff. And then you walk away. You say, Okay, I just learned something new. And it opens up something in your mind. Energetically, you will see that, if you could identify right now, one limited belief you have about receiving and you actually shift it to the opposite belief. Literally, tonight, you will meet someone who would solve a problem for you that you've been dealing with for months or even years.

Speaker  437168:00
What would that be for you.

Speaker  438789:20
I know people. I have a friend who knows how to scale any company to 10 million of revenue as soon as he hits 10 million, product function, malfunction, legal issue this that three times three different companies can get to 10 million like a breeze. What does it mean? It means his vessel can only hold ten million of energy, and then he sabotages it at some point. It's not that he's unlucky. Why 10 million?

Speaker  447594:40
If the person doing 50 million in here took over the guy who was doing 5 million what would he do to the business, knowing nothing about it, if I took over your business, would it be any Different? Each person here has access to infinite energy and because your soul is tapped into the universal GPS, called the Creator, called God, God, whatever you want to call it, and you have access whatever you want. The universe wants to give us more than we even want to receive. All we have to do is start to be open and realize that we're the ones praying every day not to receive we're praying every day for something to go wrong. One person told me, I feel if I become wealthy, I will lose my work life balance and my marriage will fall apart. Another person said, Every time I meet somebody wealthy, they have messed up kids, so I don't want to be too wealthy. So so either retire, but don't keep trying trying new things, because every time you try it, you will also sabotage it simultaneously. You I

Speaker  470709:20
hate to do it to you, but if you would like to what's your what's the limited belief that you think like in the next 10 minutes, you can just get be done with it. Transform something that you feel is difficult to something that is easy. Or just to straight up lie, retail is hard. Let me tell you guys, retail is so damn easy, like Tiktok was hard, right? You hear somebody talk about Tiktok like, Oh, my God, Tiktok so easy. Or there are some people that only know how. To build a business by raising money. They have a belief system you can only be successful at raising money.

Speaker  481664:00
The truth is, you don't at all have to raise any money.

Speaker  482976:00
Oh, I need help. At this point. You don't need any help.

Speaker  484031:59
It's also a lie. All I'm saying is be open to both, and then let the universe help you, but if you're only open to one way, that's where the blockage is. So let's do this for 30 seconds, and then I'll take a few questions. Then we can wrap up. You can just share with the person next to you what was awakened in you as we were talking that you feel could be a limitation that's causing a stock energy I just do that for 30 seconds, and then I'll take A few questions, please. I

Speaker  501333:20
object. I say

Speaker  503429:19
sometimes a lot of like, something's hard, but it's not like a spiritual like, I almost like, you have

Speaker  506181:20
to suffer to be successful. So sometimes

Speaker  506517:20
you're going, this my operations manager, but I'm

Speaker  507317:20
like, What's I'm like,

Speaker  507738:40
but like, as soon

Speaker  508730:40
as You're just like, yeah, it's gonna be challenged. Pretty

Speaker  512746:40
much. That's right,

Speaker  514240:00
how it works. Now, in this community, we're all about I like the outfits. I figured you would be one of the people that goes, Okay, I know him, and I get that.

Speaker  516592:00
There's a two others in here that know my other side. I'm trying

Speaker  517695:59
to think if there's any like, if I have like, do you see any places where I have like, a limited mindset? As far as that, I don't think possible. You

Speaker  522666:40
is all right, let's do this quick. Here's something else I've learned. Everything you know how Amazon has a flywheel. Amazon has a flywheel that obviously, we know goes off of relevancy, the more relevant something is in a consistent manner that escalates kicks off the flywheel. Spiritually, there's a flywheel, meaning everything has to be quick, bite sized and constantly moving in order to kick off the spiritual flywheel. If we take big pauses spiritually in our lives, like you, allow weeks or months to go, consumed in doubt or fear or resentment or blaming. All that does is it breaks the momentum. That's the equivalent of being out of stock for four weeks.

Speaker  537301:20
You're spiritually out of stock.

Speaker  538069:20
We know being out of stock is death on Amazon. We would never do it. We would take, take from every other resource to not be out of stock, but allowing us to be upset with someone for four weeks is the soul is out of stock. You're basically telling the creator and the universe, I have no inventory right now. Guess who? Move aside. Miracle goes to the next guy.

Speaker  545440:00
Let's take questions.

Speaker  546288:00
Yeah. So when David was walking by, I kind of asked him, Can you stand up? Oh, yeah, no problem. I constantly, like, expect things to be hard, but not in a discouraging way. Like, yes, it's gonna be hard like this. This is what I signed up for. It's gonna take 1000s of hours to learn something. Whoa, 1000s of hours to learn something. No, I mean to become an expert. Like, you know, you got to put in time. Who said

Speaker  552533:20
you need 1000s of hours to become an expert? Well,

Speaker  553525:20
you know, you have the 10,000 hour rule I found through my through I find through volume, that the more volume I put into things, that I can just become an expert. You don't learn Amazon overnight. But if you just why can't you learn Amazon overnight? I mean, there's, I guess some people, maybe you have the capacity to, there's a lot of

Speaker  557866:40
information, right? This is really powerful. What you're

Speaker  558426:40
saying, because, think about it. Brand is obviously a successful founder. He's obviously created an incredible. Is this. And he has done it based on certain belief systems, which are probably, I know what he's about to say, it's hard, but it's good. It's good that it's hard. And put in the 1000 hours, become an expert, make it happen. This is actually a beautiful mindset to become successful. How much revenue do you

Speaker  564480:00
do? We did 5 billion last year. For us, did 5 million. This

Speaker  565088:00
is the mindset, absolutely and by the way, you don't have there's billions of people who would if they just adopted this mindset. They become a million. There's no doubt about it, there's another Mindset, like a higher level of that. Because that, I was always fascinated that time doesn't exist, right? Eckhart Tolle comes out with this book called The Power of Now basically collapses time, the past and the future don't really exist. It's very fascinating. Everything's about condensing time. Amazon basically said, How do I get this product to you in 30 minutes? Amazon just keeps condensing time, time, time. You ask people, can we have same day shipping, one hour shipping? You know, 1015, years ago, they would say, this doesn't this is not a reality. Just Jeff Bezos said it, it is a reality. And you don't need 1000 hours to be an expert. So the truth is, and this is what I've learned, you know, I try not to prepare for seminars. I try not to, and all of us

Speaker  580352:00
being, you know, who's an expert, God's an expert.

Speaker  581280:00
So if you plug your soul into that energy called the Creator, you're an expert in one second that reality also exists. Because how do people know what to say in board meetings and investor decks and whatever? The most powerful thing is to be a channel of energy. And when we are channels, and we know what that feels like, you don't even know where this stuff is coming from. If you play an instrument, if you play the piano, for example, you're not sitting there thinking, see, hey, you're not thinking. You're just channeling something very powerful. Singers are channeling something powerful. Oscar winners are channeling something powerful. They are not becoming experts in the physical. Don't get me wrong, there are things we need to work very hard, but do not believe at the 1,000th hour is when the message comes. You must believe that in one second you will be a channel and you are going to put in 1000s of hours of work as you need to, but you must believe that it happens in a second time is an illusion. What Shackleford is telling me he got to Did he talk about his revenue? I don't want to talk about it to fail. He talked about it publicly. He did okay. We're doing 5 million a month in 22 months. I'm like that. That's not I mean that took us seven years to get to something like that. He did it in less than two years. It's because he believes time is relative to him. And another founder is going to do 5 million a month in six months. And there's another founder that with 5 million a month in the first month. There's another founder, they'll do 5 million in first day.

Speaker  609248:00
It all depends on the consciousness of the person.

Speaker  610176:00
So I always try to put it the benchmark against the Creator. I said, What does the Creator believe and where? Where is the delta between what the Creator believes and where you believe? And all Kabbalah is, by the way, is the study of the Creator. That's it, study of the Creator and study of the vessel and how energy flows between light and vessel. I'm sorry I cut you off. No, no. Very powerful. What

Speaker  615605:20
you said, yeah, it's just, I mean, I always think anything's possible, and even my operations manager here is here, and he knows that, like, I'm like, impossible, like, we just go after everything. I think it's always possible, but don't, but I'm I definitely see your point. I definitely agree with it. I think it's just the way that I verbalized it to myself is, if you expect it to be easy, you're going to give up whenever it's hard, but whenever you expect that it's going to be challenging, then this, then you you're ready for it. You're mentally preparing yourself that, even when it's hard, I'm going to keep doing

Speaker  623786:40
it. So this is all that's a great point, too. Anybody these aren't bad belief systems? Yeah, I'm always asking myself, What is the guy above me thinking? Yeah,

Speaker  625856:00
I'm wondering how this limits like, and I was even asking him, I was like, What do you see as a mindset that limits me within business? You asked him, yeah, that's powerful. What

Speaker  628928:00
did he say? You couldn't think of it yet, but I'll think

Speaker  629829:20
about it. I think, I think it's Yeah, because

Speaker  630421:20
you want to figure that out for a while, then the gates will open. Yeah. You probably want to ask somebody who's more successful than you in this department and have them pick up on it. In the first 10 minutes, they'll pick up because, thank you. There's an allergy. Very wealthy people have an allergy to limited beliefs, so they will feel it like within seconds of being around and they will be able to tell it got another question. Yeah, please.

Speaker  638442:40
You are an amazing person to talk to, because you ask very poignant questions. And I always admire that when you give

Speaker  640800:00
me an example, like, when you meet someone, I just did it by when people say things, I need examples. So, yeah, give me an example of one time I did that.

Speaker  643200:00
No, like, if you, if you meet, like, you'll look at somebody and be like, like, why are you successful, right? Like, you'll just dive straight into it. Kind of cut through. I don't have to call bullshit, you'll just dive so in. Like, my question is, when you're when you meet somebody, what are the, I would say, list of questions or things that you try to extract from them, so that, I don't want to say, like all of us, but we're all gonna network tonight, yeah. What are things that we can ask one another to extract that you do so that you can kind of level yourself up? Oh, I

Speaker  652794:40
love that question. That's a good question. Thanks, guys. I would say, you know, yeah, that is true. I if I go to a dinner or I go to a lunch, I want to know within the first five minutes what this person wants, needs, and what will make them happy. I think that's a powerful thing to know about a person. And I do want to know where they are winning, because wherever they are winning, their soul is connected to something divine. And I want to understand how they got so literally tonight, I would just want to ask, ask the question, where are you winning on your business, like, what's working so well? And let them talk, and then ask questions that are just going deeper. How did you get there? What what you think it is that you did to get there? And let me tell you something, the more open you are and you don't gate keep, it shows that you're not afraid, and then it aligns you with the energy of Creation. And then you get more ideas. So you need to dump your old ideas to help other people. So the Creator gives you new ideas when you go home enough. But if you gate keep, like I told Jay, I told you. I said, Jay, whatever. People like, like, help the people. Yeah, because at the end of the day, if you're going to steal my business, you're going to steal that anyways, wasn't mine to have. So go ahead and steal the business. That doesn't mean I won't fight back. Doesn't mean I'm not going to be better and better at what we do. But if we are too, like, if we are coming from a place of lack or fear, we're just shutting our own vessel down, because there is no lack or fear in the Creator.

Speaker  679109:20
Whoever becomes most like the Creator wins the game.

Speaker  680133:20
So I want to understand what people do to just win, and then I like to marry that with the spiritual side of it and see how it can be practical for me. I asked someone recently, how are you such a great father, like he's known to be a great dad. I said, What do you do to be a great dad? Best advice, I still remember this advice, and I employ it like every day with my kids. He says that I never try to make my kids do what I like to do. I see what they like to do, and then I sit on the ground and I get excited about what they like to do. And they said, now my kids trust me, and they will listen to me and do anything I want them to do, because I'm going down to their level and connected to it. I thought that was beautiful advice. That's actually the secret of great marketing. Everybody thinks that their baby's not ugly, right? Everybody thinks their listing is beautiful, their marketing is beautiful, but when you start split testing stuff, you start testing stuff, you realize the consumer thinks the exact opposite. Last question right here. Yeah, please.

Speaker  696949:20
Fascinating topic, by the way. So thank you. My question is, what I struggle with is intention versus action. So I've seen some companies have very solid intention where they don't look at the brutal facts and the truth to course correct on time. Yes,

Speaker  702378:40
great point.

Speaker  703658:40
Such a good question. So

Speaker  704784:00
here's when somebody pitches me a business idea. I asked them to show me the goal and then reverse engineer every detail of how they're going to get there from where they're at and along the way, when they try to do that, you start to see where there's considerations that aren't being made, both spiritually and tactically. So someone show me a deck of a supplement company they wanted me to look at and help them with. And you know, every time people create projections, what are these projections? Always what up and to the right. Always amazing. The first page is always starts with them telling me how big the supplement industry is, which absolutely means nothing. It's $100 billion OK, great. And even getting 1% of that is a billion dollars. Wonderful. Next page. And the next page shows, as long as we do this, it just goes like this. So it's never like that, actually, right? It is. So what I like to do is create a plan and then take it to someone who has manifested similar plan and tell them, what am I missing here in every way so mere with, for example, transacted. We sold a piece of our company three years ago, which went we then we also bought back three months ago. And before, a year before we sold the company. I went to several bankers, and I said, How do I get our industry standards are 12 times even a multiple? I said, What does a person have to do to get to a 20 plus multiple? And I said, he's like, wow, it hasn't really happened. I said, just give me the damn checklist. What do we have to do to get to 20 plus multiple of even. So it's like, well, these are the companies that have done it before, and here are the 20 things you need to do. And by the way, one of them was, it's got to be a frothy market. Great. So I have now about a year and a half to check every box. This is a this is actually a very tactical and practical approach. Marry that with the spiritual mindset of unlimited mindset, and do spiritual work, and you're unstoppable, because if you're too much in spiritual land, and you're not thinking about the practical, you're also not being a giver, because you just you end up taking from everybody, and you're not really being diligent in being in the details and caring about the product and the people. You have to be both. You have to marry both worlds. And I remember when we finally checked the 20 boxes, or whatever it was, it was a go to market strategy, and the go to market was no banker, nothing. It was a email I sent with 20 bullet points to five PE firms. And I said, here's where we're at. We can validate all of this later. I don't have a banker, but before I hire one, do you want to make an offer? I remember we had several offers by the end of the week, and then we transacted with one of them at the end of the year. So if you always take whatever idea you have and share it with the people who have done it, you will learn very quickly where the gaps are. So this is a very tactical approach, but it is also very important it shows that you care, and caring is a vibration of the creed. Guys.

Speaker  757840:00
Thank you so much for having me. I really appreciate you.
