20. FC Chats_ Lets Talk TikTok
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  00:00
I saw the email that came through. I have actually a little bit of a personal relationship with Pedro. I met him when I was in Medellin, Colombia. If anyone's been there or has not been there, you should figure out at some point in your journey on how to get your ass there, because it's a beautiful, beautiful place and safe. I know there's a lot of misconception, is it safe? Is it not safe? It's definitely safe. It's a good time and it's great value. You live like a king for you know, I'm in Toronto. It's very expensive compared to Colombia. Anyways, yeah, he does something really cool. And I was like, I think, like, within an hour of meeting you Pedro, I was like, the group is going to benefit from hearing what you guys do. And I know that Tiktok is a big thing on everyone's map, and we're all just trying to figure it out. Me, personally, like with the brands that I support, I've had, just haven't been able to spend more than, like, $10,000 a day, which sounds like a lot, but it's not when it's still a small fraction of what's overall being spent. So what I found, what you guys do, super interesting. I'll let you take the floor. I'll let you guys introduce yourselves, but I'm really happy that you are, you know, donating your time to the group. This is a group of now 37 founders on the call. Every single person here is operating in the trenches. I'm sure you speak to a lot of founders on a regular basis. This is it, and we'll open up the Florida Q and A, but it is very conversational. So you're not on a, I know, I have the podcast, Mike me and jancy got it going, but you're not on, you're not on a podcast, you know? So we'll, we'll open up the floor a lot. With that being said, I think I delayed us five minutes. I did fantastic. I'll let you guys take it away. I believe there's two of you I just can't see. Is Timothy here? Yeah, he's here. Great. What's up? I'll let you guys take the floor beautiful.

Speaker  32010:40
That was a great, great introduction, funnily enough, guys, I'd say an hour into an hour into us meeting each other in Colombia. We we saw some cool synergies. Two days into meeting each other. I invested into Tulum at a dinner. And so if anybody, exactly anybody, here has been making up these weird excuses not to come, understand you're missing out. But I digress, long from a high level, we are a Tiktok, a fully end to end Tiktok growth agency, I have the privilege of being the head of growth at this agency. We specialize in DTC, e commerce brands and SAS platforms. With that being said, that is expanding very rapidly into other verticals, if you will. That's from a very high level, unseasoned. I'm going to let timote take it away. He's in a much better position to season and lather that up for for lack of better way of putting it properly.

Speaker  51088:00
So, yeah, totally. So first and foremost, thank you for the invite. It's always good to connect with like minded founders, and both of Pedro and I will be in Tulum. So looking forward to make connections in person as well. I have a bit of a presentation today. It's a bit scrappy, but it's pure value. It's in the middle of q4 so I didn't have a designer make it all pretty and so on, but, but the value is there. So going to show my screen, please. I don't think I'll be able to see you onwards, so please unmute yourself if, if I'm lagging or something as such.

Speaker  61162:40
You know, Tim, it might be good to also just get some background on your personal Tiktok like that. You're kind of like a micro celebrity as well, which might be some good contact. Totally,

Speaker  63754:40
totally. I'll get to that actually in the present. But thank you. I appreciate the gesture. So the presentation for today is Tiktok. You for masterclass How to Win cyber five and the holiday season on Tiktok. Now the things we're going to cover is a quick introduction about us. Why tick tock during q4, three elements to crush this q4 final notes, and then we'll hop into Q and A so, like said, I got on Tiktok a bit myself, and the picture of ATAR is that back in 2019 when Tiktok was just started, I was very fond of this guy that you might have heard of called Gary V and back in 2019 he was screaming at the top of his lungs to get on tick tock and and fortunately, I listened to him, and I went full on. I started making three videos every day for. For 18 months straight, and ultimately it grew my account to 3 million followers. Today, it's sitting at about 3.2 and out of the hundreds and hundreds of videos that I've made, one of them was about Shopify, and the video blew up. It went pretty viral. I think it was 7 million views within 24 hours, and today it's sitting at 10.7 and a couple days later, interestingly, I receive an email from Toby Luke, who asks me to get on the call. Now this was pretty surreal for me, because I used to do drop shipping, frankly, so Shopify. I was dependent on Shopify, right? It was my life, and to receive an email from Toby was surreal, but we got on a call, and it's him amongst a lot of his employees, and he tells me that a few days ago, website, that website crashed due to traffic overload, and they couldn't figure out why, until one of his employees that was on the call showed him my video. And so this is when it clicked for him that, you know, this Tiktok video crashed the website. And again, back in 2019 nobody's talking about Tiktok. So he gets really excited. We get really excited. And long story short, we decide to do it again, and for me to help them grow that Tiktok. So we partnered up, and I was responsible for creating all of that content. I made more and more videos on my accounts. Worked with more influences, so on and so forth. Within a space of about four months, we were able to grow that account to over 100,000 followers. We got them verified. We started the account from scratch. Most importantly, we reduced their CPA from meta to Shopify by 86% so I had a really good relationship going with them. And fortunately, one of their biggest clients that I'm sure all of you guys know, gym shark, was also looking to get on Tiktok at this at this time, right? So as GymShark is one of the biggest clients of Shopify, they referred me. They referred me. And so I started working with them, and this is, to date, our biggest case study, and I want to say our biggest flex, because we grew them pretty much from scratch. Now they have 5 million followers. You might have heard of the campaign GymShark 66 our team was behind it, and, yeah, their account has 5 million followers. Similar story. We did all the influencer marketing, all of the content and the GymShark 66 campaign went really viral. It was also during the Black Friday season. And shortly after that whole virality, they were evaluated at like, a billion dollars, billion pounds, and they were nominated for one of the fastest growing companies in the UK. So we worked with GymShark and Shopify, and this is when the freelancing or consulting I was doing turned into an actual business where we helped to systemize the processes I was putting in place for them, right? And so this is how young with solutions was born. So since 2019 we've had the chance to walk with a number of other big brands. And yeah, we are the team that has worked with some names that you might recognize here, like Duolingo. We played a major role in making the mascot that you might have seen on Tiktok, you know, iconic. And really, they are seen as a as an icon for what to do on Tiktok. We also worked with Mindvalley. We did converse, we did Amazon. We did all the Plex, Monica, venanza, body, all big accounts amongst, obviously, you know, hundreds of others. But, um Yeah, we also won, actually, we won a number of awards like this one. I don't know if you can see it, but yeah, what just a team of Gen Z who live and breathe Tiktok. We're a team of just 25 people. We've helped over 200 brands. Our walk has attributed more than 15 million followers in growth. We've made over 35 million in Tiktok attributed revenue. And all we do is Tiktok. We don't pretend to be good at other things, but Tiktok is, is our bread and butter. So that's for the quick intro that's done. Now let's see why Tiktok during four now, frankly, in one sentence, Tiktok is the ultimate hub for holiday planning and celebration. So we've pulled a number of case studies made by Tiktok on the numbers and some of the analysis that they've made on their users, and Tiktok when used during holiday, increases. Is by 30% the likelihood of impulse shop by another 30% for or 30% I mean, it increases by 30% people being more open to direct shopping on features like Tiktok shop by 20% people are more likely to shop online, and they are also 20% more likely to shop in store, because you'll see later during the presentation that Tiktok doesn't necessarily have to be just Tiktok shop. It also grows your retail. It grows your Amazon store. And so it's this holistic approach that we should consider when looking at Tiktok, more interesting data points, and I forgot to remove these things from the case studies, is that Tiktok is used in the holiday shopping. When Tiktok is used in the holiday shopping journey, users make 60% more travel related Gifts, gifts purchases when compared to traditional social media platforms, and that's the same for makeup and haircare. So plus 60% plus 50% for skincare and fragrance, plus 40% for gaming, plus 30% for CPG and FnB, plus 30% for apparel, plus 30% for tech and plus 30% for home decor and holiday decor. So that's pretty impressive. But our data from last year and what Tiktok portrays as well is that it doesn't stop at just Black Friday. In fact, one and two users plan to shop in q5 to take advantage of post post holiday sales, as well as 51% of Tiktok users say that they are likely to shop during q5 to treat themselves or for self care. So during the holiday season, Tiktok is a huge opportunity to grow your business, whether it's pushing traffic to your shop, to your website or retail. Now, let's look in in greater depth, how we can make the most of of q4. Any questions so far, again, I'm kind of flying through all of this, but raise your voice if you want to say anything, because I can't see you. Wait. I

Speaker  196656:00
just have a question. Some would say, Tara, nice to meet you. Is this, is this really? Are you talking in relation to tangible products, or could this also be for services?

Speaker  199477:20
That's a good point. It I will say this is mostly for products. But for instance, I run a B to B business. We market a lot on tick tock. So the fundamentals that we're going to talk about today are replicable, replicable for B to B, and I can explain, I can explain more into that at the end of the presentation. If that works

Speaker  205226:40
for you, yeah, that'd be great. Thank you. Cool.

Speaker  206186:40
So three elements to crush in. Q4 what I'm about to show you is actually the exact framework that we use for some of our clients to we just have a case study that went from zero to $900,000 in GMD in 60 days. It's also the same framework that we used to generate 57k in the last 28 days. We have another brand that did 600k and it's not just about us making money. The Creators working with us are also making some serious money. Million views for six for $6,000 generated $4,000 $8,000 in commission from the creators. We also have some pretty insane bro as on our ads doing this system. And this is, yeah, another 20 days, 88k in gross margin value. So the three elements to crush MQ four, and this is always the sort of recurring ecosystem, is that you want to have a combination of organic beats, which is your organic UGC content posted on your main page, on top of working with creator partnerships, whether these are influencers or affiliates, and you want to run ads off of the back of I mean, you can amplify the organic success by running ads on viral videos now in terms of precise cadence, and to give you a sense of the scope at which you want to use scale at the organic UGC, you want to do at least 20 to 40 a month. It sounds like a lot, but you can get the cost down to about $50 a video with influencers. You want to do 30 collabs a month. These are paid influences. If you're doing Tiktok shop, you want to go closer to 100 a month. And for testing ad budget, this is obviously just testing. You can start with three to 5k a month. I have a little rate card if you're trying to know how much to pay those influences. So based on their followers, the followers, you pay them more or less these rates. So yeah, this, this is what's needed to really crush on Tiktok right now, if you do this properly again. This is the framework that was that is getting the results that I was just discussing below. I see a hand raised,

Speaker  242432:00
hi there. That's me, um, just going back to your rate card there for based on social followers. I think it was back in 2012 when Facebook originally nerfed organic exposure and really pushed both publishers and E commerce people to pay for their extension to their existing audience. Are people transacting on follower counts these days and our accounts getting social like to people with 100,000 followers post views that get 100,000 views these days? Or is the machine sort of feeding, not on follower count these days? What's that at?

Speaker  253770:40
Yeah, it's a good question. The this is just to this rate card is to give you a sense of how much you want to expect to pay for influencers of these ranges. But there are many other variables to consider, such as engagement rate, average views per video, retention rates, audience demographic and things of that nature. So I think, and

Speaker  259600:00
as you ask, is this, is this how much you would pay to get them to make a creative that you then own and can broadcast your ads to, or is this just for them to post it to their followings?

Speaker  262181:20
Yeah, you want the usage rights at these rights for sure, so that means you can use it for ads and so on.

Speaker  265749:20
There's another hand up as well. Yeah, go for it.

Speaker  266549:20
Okay, so I actually am a pretty large influencer online, so I know a little bit about this. And yes, it is. It is based off like, if a brand or something, some entity wants me to rep their product or partner with them, they will ask me for my analytics, which doesn't just include my followers, it includes my my engagement rate, my demographics, the countries in which my subscribers are living, as well as there are options as far as like exclusivity and a lot of people that want want to work with at least me, they verbalize that they want the post to live there for Life. So there is a different price bracket between something that you post and something that you post and lives there for life and yes, of course, also, in addition to if, if the company wants to run ads to it, that's also a higher fee. So if anybody has questions around, like influencer stuff, feel free to hit me up in DMS or whatever.

Speaker  283381:20
Don John or Jonathan? Yeah, thank you.

Speaker  284490:40
Two follow up questions. I'll flip the script a little. What if we don't need the Creator influencer to post, we just want to whitelist their content as an ad using their handle. Does that change the pricing model? You see a lot of that happening.

Speaker  290032:00
I don't see a lot of that happening because generally, you can make a lot of money just off of organic traffic. And so you would be missing out on on that potential. The videos can be posted as private with with which you can still run ads, but it won't be public available, obviously, but these are all variables that you know play into your negotiation commercial terms, obviously, awesome.

Speaker  296789:20
Thank you for hitting hitting on that. So my background was, was media buying. I used to focus on meta. I then transition to Tiktok full time. You do not want to separate your creative to be exclusively for paid and exclusively for organic. He wants to be able to, in a way, figure out something that can hit on organic and then hit on paid. So just getting just that, the question of white listing, but not wanting the creative posted. It's echoing Timothy. It does not serve in your favor to have a video from the get go, not posted on organic, and just run as an ad on meta. That makes more sense. One of the hardest lessons I've learned about Tiktok is the first thing to understand the channel as a whole, especially the ads platform, is unlearn meta. Pretend like you've never learned meta before. You're just learning this from scratch, echoing that,

Speaker  314341:20
yeah, yeah. I guess my question was more about, I mean, the direction that I see some brands going is the desire to scale content and that being one way of doing it. My follow up question, which is somewhat new, like Tiktok, announced recently something called Symphony for content creation by AI and. And for any creators or influencers on this call, how do you see it when it comes to like licensing your voice and your face so that brands can create content at scale or yourself? How do you see AI and content creation? That might be a bigger question and permits for this call, but if you have a quick answer, that would be awesome.

Speaker  326629:20
I think it's drastically undervalued and underrated right now. Not many people know that you can make AI UGC, so I don't believe that it will be as effective long term. But while it's still not widely known. I think there's a huge opportunity that in all transparency. We don't do much of that with our clients yet, but I would highly recommend it, because the quality of the content you can get is tremendous. Yeah, awesome. Thank you. Shira. Get a question?

Speaker  335514:40
Hi, yes. So my question is about just the fact that I don't have a Tiktok ads manager that responds, and I was looking to get your insight on how to get someone like on board that will be communicative and actually help with going back and forth.

Speaker  342117:20
Yeah, what do you struggle with? Just

Speaker  343301:20
honestly, everything like Tiktok shop has not been good for us at all. We used to do really well on Tiktok, and then just like the shop came out and our views tanked, I also find that, like with all of the brands. It's like, we're like, I get 100 emails a day from shops, just like, trying to get me to promote stuff. So does my company. And I guess that's also another part of my question is, like, how do you even stand out if you're reaching out to these creators, and are you offering them like, a larger incentive, or are you, like, reaching out on another platform? Like, how do you get their attention when there's so much, like spam?

Speaker  354144:00
I'm going through that right after this, actually, any last questions we can but by the way, we have a lot of account managers, and we have one account manager part product category. So if, if we can get your contact details, we can put you in touch,

Speaker  359077:20
that'd be great.

Speaker  359973:20
So where was I? So yeah, these are the deliverables that you should be looking to get in order to succeed on Tiktok. You'll see that the main recurring, the recurring theme, is you want to do mass volume. Mass volume, will lead to inevitable, organic success. You know, it's just a simple equation. The more you post, a certain percentage of question of videos will go viral. So if you post more, you increase your likelihood of going viral. You run ads on things that go viral, and then you use that to feed into learnings for more videos, which I'll come back to. But what you want to do, once you understand these these things, is to do a lot of market research and analysis. This is why a lot of people don't spend as much time as they should. And for those that are newer to Tiktok, you might have not heard of Tiktok, creative marketplace, and if you have, I don't know to which extent you're using it, but it is the most underutilized platform that exists. It's so good. Yeah. So do you want me to show you guys how to use this very quickly, or are we all familiar? Yeah, okay, so this is Tiktok creator marketplace.com

Speaker  380858:40
and he dropped the link. Sorry, he just also dropped the link just straight in the chat so people can copy it.

Speaker  382778:40
Yeah, Andrew, can you take care of that? Thank you. So we can use Tiktok creative marketplace to spy on competitors, to find trends, to find winning creatives and AI assistance. So when it comes to spying on competitors, it's similar to meta ads library, where you can see the top ads, the top products, so on and so forth. So to run you through the quick example, when you click on top ads here, you can filter what type, what type of content you want to see. So let's say United States, and I want to target high end jewelry, people that are running ads that lead to conversions in the last 30 days. And it's going to show you all of the top creatives. Now I'm going to want to filter by highest CTR. And there we go. We can see a bunch of videos. For example, this one has 30,000 likes. It's the top 1% performing creatives in this category in terms of CTR, and they are spending at a high budget. So this can be used for creative for not only inspiration, but also. Those spying on you know what competitors are doing, who's in the game, who's spending a lot of money. But it doesn't stop there. You haven't seen this just yet. If you click on any creative it will show you what location they're targeting, the conversion, the landing page, the number of likes, comments, etc. Sorry. Let me use another video, actually, let me use this one. And it also gives, gives you a graph of when people clicked through the video. So what's really interesting is that you can look through second 10 to second 18, and clearly this is when the majority of people have clicked. And so if we play the video, we can see, you know what happened during the seconds. And no, you don't need a Tiktok manager to see this. What was I saying that you can watch through the video and see what makes people click. So in this case, if we scroll, it's there's a little transition where he's zooming in on the products, and that's causing people to click, right? So that's something, one of the learnings that we would want to save on a backlog of content ideas. And we do this for, you know, as many videos as you can, and you'll start to see recurring patterns as to what do all the top creatives have in addition to this, Tiktok does a video analysis, so you'll have a complete transcript of the video and then an AI that tells you what the video is composed of. So here he's doing product demonstration, and at the end of the video he's done, he's doing a CTA. So this is super powerful. I wish meta had this, but it doesn't. And it also shows you, you know, similar videos in the niche for your inspiration. Okay, so let me go back then you can. So this is how you can spy on competitors. Then if you're looking to do trends, you can click on the trends section, and I recommend to look at in Tiktok videos, hashtags is not really useful, in my opinion, because most of the top creators don't really have hashtags in their videos. Songs are also a great way to find trends, but my favorite is just Tiktok videos, because here you can see what videos are trendy. What's the format? What's the format of the video, if it's B roll, if it's talking to the camera with in this case, you know, I think these are mostly girls doing lip syncing with some text on screen. So you see, it's really not a crazy production, lip syncing with some text. And it's crazy to see how, actually, all of these creators are all pushing the Shane platform. I think that's what you call it. It's basically an Ali, a new type of Alibaba. And, yeah, this video is talking about it. This video is talking about it, this one, this one, this one. And so I think this is a really good way to see, you know, what's the format that's popping off right now and again, you can use that for your backlog of, you know, winning formats. So that's for the trends. That's for the winning creatives. We went through that. And the last aspect is AI symphony. This is also crazy. Actually, it's better if I go something assistant. So this is basically an AI that does the job for you. So you can have a chat similar to chat GPT, and ask it things like, show me what's trending on Tiktok, and it's going to load an answer with actually, let me see, yeah, this chat. Do you know

Speaker  460138:40
how often this might be a rabbit hole that we don't need to go down, but do you know how often this gets updated, like on Tiktok, because trends and stuff they especially on Tiktok, they move so fast. Yeah, well, I'm, is it sticking real time? Like, this is Kat like, if I go on tomorrow, is it going to have, you know, this football guy here, or is it going to be the next song? Let's pop it off.

Speaker  467248:00
Yeah, it's a good question. But I think that you know Ballon d'Or 2024 that was, I think that was on Monday. So it's putting up here. Black Op six, I think, released last week. So this is all pretty relevant. Wow. Yeah, ballon was, let's see if there's the exact date. But yeah, I'm pretty sure it was on Monday. It shows you the related videos. So it's pretty damn insane. Should use the hashtag, hashtags. And then I asked questions a bit more specific, like, you know, give show me the trends in CPG. And same thing, it gave me a bunch of videos with like, what's happening in that trend right now. From here, you can ask it to script your videos. Now, in all honesty, this is not the best it's not super good at scripting. It just yet, but for inspiration and accelerating your research, it's an amazing tool. Any questions on this, there's, there's, I could talk about this platform in it of itself for hours. It's so powerful, it's so good. But yeah, please raise your hand. Hi.

Speaker  486341:20
So firstly, thank you. You've been super insightful for everything that you've been saying in this call. But I wanted to ask, I didn't even know that the like creator, this creative like dashboard, I'm usually in it, not too much. I didn't even know that they have AI in it. So one of my biggest issues when I'm creating content is I have orders that I film because I get inspiration from customers orders, because we're a personalized business, so I usually with whatever I see in the order, I have to figure out a trending sound. So do you think I could use this like aI from Tiktok to figure out what the best sound is for an order that I have. Do you think I could ask it is, is it that personalized?

Speaker  498576:00
I think you can look at, you can ask the AI ultimately, you know, this is just a little bit of browsing. You don't it doesn't take long to do this whole research. I would suggest to go into songs here and and click on breakout, breakout, because breakout are the ones that are really popping off right now. Popular is just the most used sound of all. I mean, it's less of what's hot right now. These are closer to what's really popping off now. This does not this. This does not include original sounds. Tiktok is a lot of original sounds. So ultimately, the best way is always to scroll on your for you page and see what's what's really popping off. But this is a very good starting point. Further, if you intend to run ads, you can see the sounds that are that are trendy and also approved for commercial use. So, so yeah, you can, you can find that here

Speaker  514239:59
another follow up question, what is the best way for you if you're in a brand account, so it wouldn't let you use sounds that are popular a lot of times. What I do is I have a second account. So I film from my second account, save it, they post it to the main account. I've seen our views don't do as well. Some still go viral, but they definitely don't do as well. So how do you navigate through this? Do you only use sounds that it allows in that account? Or do you save them as well? Or like, how do you navigate through that we

Speaker  522149:20
we, if possible, it depends on the brand, but if possible, we change from a business account to a personal account, which allows us to use all the sounds,

Speaker  524570:39
but then changing it wouldn't it take off the link from your bio, which is a huge part in if you have an econ business,

Speaker  526394:40
you can have a link in bio as long as you have 1000 followers. I believe it might be 10k 10,000 Yeah.

Speaker  528336:00
Yeah. Which Okay, gotcha. And there, is there any other downsides of not having a professional account? Is it something you wouldn't recommend to have?

Speaker  531056:00
We mostly recommend to use personal accounts. It's just for bigger corporations that need to be very careful of copyright guidelines. And so on that. You know, again, all of these sounds are not commercially available, so you're kind of playing in a gray zone. I don't think it's that much of a risk, ultimately, but some of the bigger brands want to stick to just commercially approved,

Speaker  538133:20
gotcha, and it doesn't affect like, ads or anything like that. It's just the same exact Yeah, gotcha Perfect. Thanks so much.

Speaker  541210:40
It might. There might be a verification. If you were verified as a business account, I had to deal with this point. We were verified as a business account, and then I wanted to go personal, because I wanted the sounds, because sound is such a big thing on Tiktok, it wasn't. It was we still ended up doing it, but it was a process to get the verification back, because it's almost like a restarting, like you have to reprove yourself. But if you're not verified, then, and if you are, it's just you have to go through your rep.

Speaker  551365:20
So this whole research on Tiktok creative center is used to create a backlog of Who are your competitors, what are the winning creators, who are the top creators, and what are the trending formats, another hack that actually I wanted to discuss, because it's been so fruitful for us, is using product reviews to find new creative angles and content ideas. And you can do this on your own reviews, but also your competitors. Now, the good thing is that customers will actually find. Already explained their pain points and the why they're purchased, and, you know, their backstories and so on. So at times, I mean, for your own product, market fit it, it has been, like I said, very fruitful to us, to feed all of these reviews to some sort of AI like octopus and ask questions like, what's our USP, why did the customers buy the product? And these are all narratives that you can leverage for your content creation. That tends to be very effective, because once you start speaking the language that resonates with your audience, obviously your conversion rates shoots up. Any questions on this? Nope. Okay, so now that we've done this market research, we the next step is to make an offer that people can't refuse. You might have seen this equation by Alex homosy, but basically, in order to create an offer that people can't refuse. You want to have you want to think of who your customer, ideal customer is, what is, what is their dream outcome. You want to multiply that with the perceived likelihood of achievement to achieve that outcome. You want to reduce the time delay for them to achieve that. And you want to have as low effort and sacrifice as possible, and this is what makes a really good offer that's just irresistible. Now what this looks like, and you want to do this for both influencers and affiliates, but also for your customers. So what this looks like, I mean, a couple of examples of what this can look like for affiliates is the golly example. I don't know if you I mean, I'm sure you guys have seen but they are currently making 12 million a month on Tiktok, 12, one, two, and what they use to one of the biggest reasons they are able to get these numbers is because 1000s and 1000s of content creators are talking about them every day, and this is unlike most of their competitors, because currently on Tiktok shop, it's very hard to retain talents. They'll make a fast video, which is not necessarily going to be great, and then they're off because they haven't made money, and there's no incentive for them to continue speaking about you. What Gali has tracked has cracked, and what we can learn from them is creating an incentive program that continuously gives them more stick or more carrot, if that, if that makes sense. And so this is a screenshot of what they give to their affiliates. The affiliates talk, when they talk about golly, they get 25% commission on any sale, plus based on how much revenue they generate, a number of incentives. So when they generate $1,500 in GMV or just revenue, they are awarded an iPad. If they generate $4,000 in revenue, they get an iPhone. And the list goes down, right until eventually they can even win, like a Lamborghini or jet ski and all of these things. So it's incredibly lucrative, and there's a roadmap for the affiliates to win, because again, if we go back to the equation, what's their dream outcome for affiliates is to make as much money as possible? What's the perceived likelihood of achievement? Well, at this point, golly has 1000s of people that have made money with them. Actually, they're the top Tiktok shop. So that speaks for itself. The time delay. The time delay is reduced because they can win an iPad just with 1500 GMB, and the effort and sacrifice is just making Tiktok videos, which is not a big ask. Now, actually, every brand can do something similar, from your unit economics. So if you look at your average order, value and cost of goods, you let's say that you have a fuel profit of 50 or gross profit of 50% you can decide to give 20% permission to your affiliates and then use another 5% that contributes to to winning rewards like this. So it's really just a mathematical equation. You just need to know your economics really well. But anyone can do this. And again, the goal is to keep them incentivized, keep creators incentivized, so that they continue to talk about us. This allows us to educate them and train on what we stand for.

Speaker  631509:20
And, you know, everything in between, I saw someone raised their hand, yeah, hi.

Speaker  633685:20
This all makes sense. But how do they make any money? This is like, I don't get it. I know you just went through the unit economics, but you're not like you're not factoring in, at least in this conversation, Tiktok costs, shipping costs, they already discounted it 40% then gave another $10 discount. And then their cogs are probably like $1 at the, you know, scale that they are. I just and they're giving out. I. Pads and everything like that. And I under and they have to seed 1000s and 1000s of units. I just don't understand how this is worth, like, it's all revenue. It's not profit,

Speaker  643056:00
for sure, because this is supplements. The margins are really high by default. But even then, I'm pretty sure that they are losing money on the first order. I think they have really good cash conversion cycles, and the lifetime value on supplements is significantly higher than just average order value.

Speaker  648197:20
Are you sure? Because goalie sold for pennies on the dollar, because they ran out of money and they couldn't get more funding, so I don't really get it, sorry, I don't mean to

Speaker  650533:20
Yeah, we were not experts on goalies unit economics or that particular business. The principle that we're trying to just take out here is, long story short, make an offer that's enticing for your affiliates to work with. You make an offer that's enticing for your customers. We don't know how profitable goalie is. They are the poster boy example, from a revenue standpoint, at least, on getting affiliates very excited to work with them at the same time, having offers on the front end for their customers to convert.

Speaker  660560:00
I'll, I'll add to that. And I Sarah, great question. I won't, I won't tell you how I know this, but Kat, the Canadian connection, I'll hint at it. This. They specifically goalie here. I don't know who wrote land grab. I saw that come up. This is a losing model for them to attract customers. So they're like, and again, very specific business. They're running a 36 month LTV profitability scale. So they're, they're math, which is, I would never recommend to anybody. So guys don't do this, but they're at a point now where the where they're going to get, yeah, they're, it's crazy. So they're, they're going to investors and saying, Well, we're acquiring new customers. They're going to become profitable in 36 months. So if we acquire a million customers today, think about what the future value of this company is going to be. And the best way to do that is through, you know, a very strong incentive, you know, like we're showing here. It's just again, it's it's different. It's every business has its own cycle. What I love here, I'm just going to agree with with Pedro. I mean, I've seen this on a much smaller scale. Is the more aggressive you are. Everyone's got different margins and this. And for whatever you can see scale much faster here than, like, significantly discounting on your store or significantly discounting on Amazon. But yeah, they are running a 36 month LTV. They have to keep raising money, as it means a different business, but that's why you see the aggression here. So yeah, there's no way they're making. I mean, making money, they're probably not going to see that 36 month, LTV, in my opinion, but that's the math.

Speaker  690336:00
Thanks guys. I was just, it's, I'm racking my brain around this. I just, I can't, yeah,

Speaker  691776:00
it's a, it's a great question. And unfortunately, at least from like, my perspective, and Timothy, I let you keep going like, I've seen LTV, like, I'm now, I'm gonna say this is gonna tell you how long I've been doing this. But like, seven years ago it was like they were doing LTV in hours, right? It's like, you know, 72 hour LTV conversions. Now it's like, years, oh, like two year LTV, three years, like, I would not be surprised, in like five years from now, people are like, oh, like year 10, we're going to be, like, cranking it like, I wouldn't be surprised. It's just the way, unfortunately, the cost of marketing, etc is going. But you keep going.

Speaker  703338:40
Sorry, I think there's just another actually, we have two hands.

Speaker  704720:00
Anna, go for it. Okay. I also just wanted to say, I think it's I have a question too, but I think it's also important to consider, like, whenever our Tiktok shop sales are going up a lot, we sell out on Amazon and then in retail stores too. So this, like, I have a prize sheet that I made, and I honestly think it's, like, super valuable, but our prices are, like, prizes are a lot higher. Like, we have cars on there. We have like, all different kinds of things just to get affiliates, like, so fired up. But yeah, no. Like, our Amazon sales pretty much match our Tiktok shop sales when we have like spurts of virality. So, I mean, I think it's super worth it,

Speaker  716442:40
Anna, we're so me and Timothy are so happy that you mentioned that. Because we're we have partners. Can't really say who, but we have partners with who are selling. Like four figure products through Tiktok and from their virality, and what they're doing on, not even on Tiktok shop, but just by going viral, they see again, a lot of different boats rising at the same time. That's phenomenal point.

Speaker  724432:00
Yeah, like our retail sales skyrocketed our first two months that we launched the sprouts, we did over $100,000 which is insane. And

Speaker  727093:20
can you open up the kimono here a little bit more? Like, tell me more. Tell me more.

Speaker  729685:20
What do you want to know

Speaker  730117:20
so you you put a car on there, but you're not actually giving away a car. But it just,

Speaker  731754:40
oh, no, we are giving away. It's just they're higher, like, no one's reached that GMV yet. Like they're 1.5 million, like, 2 million GM views,

Speaker  734010:40
and you're saying, like, the thought of like, it's like almost dangling the carrot for them is attracting so many affiliates your way, and you're getting so many posts that it's just driving so much traction, and you're seeing an increase in sales in multiple marketplaces. Is that what you're saying?

Speaker  738784:00
Yes, that's correct. And I work with like, a smaller number of affiliate so I was doing the outreach method where I was reaching out to like, 200 people a day, and then I actually scaled it back, and I no longer do that. I actually work with like 10 affiliates right now, and we have, like a discord and a group chat and everything, and I just, like, continuously want to fire them up and teach them how to create viral content. So that's my strategy.

Speaker  746309:20
Yeah, totally. We do this like an example from the biggest of the biggest, but exactly like the numbers can change according to your economics and again, and leading people to your own community where you can spend time to train and educate them is the most valuable thing. I'll come back to it when we look at influencer outreach. But you know, using the Tiktok, using the Tiktok messaging feature just gets no results. So I don't know if you guys have tried those bots that do mass outreach, but it's so uneffective.

Speaker  754992:00
They're getting, like, hundreds of messages a day now, so they kind of see it more as spam. So what I've done is I messaged affiliates from my personal Instagram, and they actually respond, whereas if it's then they I feel like they mo like they think it's junk a lot of the times, I don't know if you're going to get to it, but I just had a question about GMB Max, because I know that's a new feature, and I haven't turned it on yet, but I've been very curious, but I don't want it to mess up what I have going on

Speaker  764170:40
for the Tick Tock shops that we run. It does better than regular than our regular ads manager.

Speaker  766202:39
Okay, so you would recommend trying it out.

Speaker  767402:40
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  768442:40
Okay, cool. Thank you,

Speaker  769440:00
Taylor, you had a hand raised as well.

Speaker  771008:00
My hand.

Speaker  771696:00
Okay, sounds good.

Speaker  772752:00
Okay, cool. So you want to do this for affiliates, for customers. It's a very similar story here. There's so much proof of concept. You know, they sell like, 10,000 units a day. It's cheap because affiliates talk about them. They can also make crazy claim. I mean, the affiliates can say whatever they want. So I think some people go as far as saying, goalie cures cancer, which is pretty insane. But again, because it's not under the brand name, they can, they can do whatever, instant, instant price, insane pricing, and, and, yeah, I think for Q for this is something the value equation is something that you want to look into doing. I don't want to spend too much time on just Tiktok shop, particularly because I know that not everyone is is affected, but any final questions on on creating the offer, this is like a key component that most brands over overlook.

Speaker  787808:00
So I well, I know there's other parts to this. Two things. One is, are we able to send this presentation out to at least everyone that was on the calls? That is, I don't know. This is a Myro board. I don't know how it works, export and stuff like that. I know we have seven minutes left. So if there was, like, one or one or two things left on this presentation that you wanted to get to, if not, yeah, there's a lot. I remember the original zoom out. I was like, holy shit. This is a real this is huge, which I want to make sure everyone gets so I would skip to anything you think is just absolutely crucial. Again, everyone in here is leveraging social media and specifically Tiktok, to get attention, make sales, drive. Five business for them? Yeah, I would skip to that, and then I would probably leave five minutes just for some last questions. So I would take the next two minutes or just jump to whatever you think is something everyone needs in their back pocket,

Speaker  803904:00
for sure. So, matter of fact, if any of you is looking for like a because, you know, then the process, long story short is you reach out to these people. You create your own community, and you're constantly talking to them about what's working for you on your ads. Whatever is going viral for an affiliate, you want to share it with all of the other affiliates, because something that has gone viral in the past is very likely to go viral again if someone just makes a new version of it. So I was explaining how to do all of these things, how to do creative briefings, some of the ads, fundamentals, different campaigns that you want to run at different periods of your campaign, particularly for q4 we had some results here. I think maybe I'll spend a few minutes on this, because as I, as I know, not everyone is on Tiktok shop. I think it was Anna that was saying that Tiktok is actually driving a lot of the retail sales up, as well as Amazon and direct search. At least 50% of the traffic will not buy through Tiktok. I think the user base is quite accustomed to drop shipping, and they know things like AliExpress, so they'll Google you, they'll look you up on Amazon to see if it's cheaper. So yeah, when you look at Tiktok, just think that it's only one touch point amongst many to get someone to convert. And you you want to when you look at return on investment, you also want to consider all these other sales channels, right? Retail, Amazon, direct search for those that have, I mean, Tiktok search is also very underutilized. If you have a travel business, or if you're in FnB, the search volume is actually higher for things like a restaurant. Restaurants in London, there are more so there's more search volume on Tiktok than on Google. I could speak about that for a while as well. But you want to make sure that you rank on this, on on, on the search volume, and you do that by adding keywords to your videos, to your captions, and using the right hashtags if you sell services or products or products that aren't an impulse buy, the funnel, as opposed to pushing someone to go from a 15 second video to purchasing a $300 product or service. You want to funnel them into an email newsletter, because these are baby steps. You know, it's baby steps that are not as much of an ask. And you can then nurture the leads, increase the awareness level of engagement by feeding them testimonials, long form content, so on and so forth. So the funnel that I mean, the funnel that we use for our B to B business someone was asking about that is short forms. I mean, we create on Tiktok, we publish on every platforms. It pushes to a newsletter, and then we nurture them to turn into customers, book calls, so on and so forth. Last point that I think is relevant here is that almost all of our clients use our Tiktok videos as their best, as their method creatives the best format that right now. I mean, it's the format that works the best right now for for us. So, so yeah, and the rest was just a little summary and, and, yeah, if you want, like, as I said, if you want a personalized plan on how you can do all of this, if you want us to explain the rest of the process personally, we can book you can put a meeting to book a call with us somewhere in the chat.

Speaker  857605:20
First of all, before we'll get to questions here. Thank you guys. This was really, really insightful. Like, perfectly timed. And I think, like, everyone is always thinking about how we can be leveraging these things for the for our business, just some housekeeping things for everybody. Clay will share the this recording. So Clay, if you want to stop the recording right now. He'll share the recording so you can go back and either transcribe it or go back to certain parts. If you want to re Listen, we'll share the presentation itself for you so you can spend some more time with it. And then there's, there was a link in there. And if you want to chat with the guys personally, or hit up Pedro and slack is a resource for me. And one thing you guys didn't talk about, we'll get to the questions in a second, because everyone needs to run. The one thing that I was actually the most impressed with, and that blew my mind, was that you guys do like Spanish Tiktok, right? Am I just making that up, and it was in Canada. We have a second country as well. It's Quebec, and everything's got to be in French. And it's a it's a whole, it's a whole thing.

Speaker  877242:40
Country. We're the second one, by the way,

Speaker  877722:40
yeah, well,

Speaker  878346:40
now we're starting. So without calling that down that rabbit hole, it was always a. Situation just to, like, make French ads and a French landing page or whatever, I was so intrigued when you when Pedro, you were telling me, like, oh, like companies completely, I don't know what the percentage is of America, but like to, not to neglect the Spanish speaking side of America is a huge untapped audience. And that, to me, was like, I never even thought of that for a second?

Speaker  885893:20
Yeah, if, if there are any brands here who are even even European, even European countries, one of if we have brands here who are running tick tock ads consistently in the US or in North American English, and you are able to ship to the EU, I highly suggest split testing, running those ads in English to the EU to begin with. They're going to be partially delivering, yes, you're going to be hand you're going to be handicapped by Tiktok. But there are very interesting results there. And then Spanish. The Spanish community is huge. The French community is huge. German as well. Germany is a market, 90 million people, not negligible. If you're trying to scale into secondary development, secondary developed markets, there's a whole world there, and it's, there's a lot of stuff to test and to try. So I'm happy, Aaron, that you brought that up, because that is a, that is a point that not a lot of people talk about, for

Speaker  904101:19
sure. No, we'll take the two questions here. I know people got to jump. Feel free to jump if you have to. But we've got Nicholas and Tara here, and we'll take those two and then we'll, we'll kick, I appreciate everyone kind of dragging this on an extra minute or two. Kara, go for it. Hey.

Speaker  909290:40
Okay, so guys, I was the one that asked the question about the the services. You said, email. I have never, ever been successful with email, ever. I'm not a person that opens email myself. Maybe it's like my bad vibes on it and projecting. But do you have any alternative to that funnel that does not involve an email list?

Speaker  916032:00
Maybe quiz funnels that leads to book a call? Is that your funnel like, just book a call.

Speaker  917813:19
Yeah, I mean all roads for me and either joining my app or booking a discounted first lesson or at least getting on a free 15 minute consultation with someone,

Speaker  921301:20
it's so weird we do so well on emails that I don't want to recommend

Speaker  922501:20
again, like sucks wind also on its side. If you don't, it's fine. I just was wondering if that and not that's not fine. Secondarily, though, I would love to talk to you guys about leveraging different languages. I have coaches that speak French, Spanish, English, and I'm not leveraging anything. In regards to other languages, I've been considering creating an entire other channel and doing, like, an AI Korean or something. So I know they're very education based, and my services are education based, but I would love to talk to you guys, maybe in DMS and founders on over that, and maybe pick your brain a little bit on that. Because I'm I'm in a place where I'm ready to, like, blow the roof off of sucker and different languages are definitely an untapped market for me and my whole industry. Really, no one's really doing it.

Speaker  934917:20
Let's talk. Okay, cool. I'll DM you guys.

Speaker  935781:20
Nicholas,

Speaker  936613:20
yeah, I just had a question on I guys have any experience on regulated goods? I'm cannabis here in Canada, and as soon as I post anything Tiktok, like Instagram, I can get by just deleted, got my account deleted of 20 something 1000 followers, trying to and then on Instagram, I mean, on Tiktok, I can't get past one posted video without getting like the the AI on it is really, really hard. Do you have any experience? Because I'd probably be the first company to try to figure out and break that strategy. So I'm, I booked a call with you guys, but I want to, I wanted to know if you had any experience firsthand, and if not, are you game to think about and brainstorm a way that we can crack the code for cannabis here in Canada,

Speaker  949925:20
I have a good friend of mine that that is able to get away with it, but his content is so broad that it would be like top 10 movies to watch when you're stoned. So that's his angle.

Speaker  953557:20
Great idea, holy.

Speaker  954405:20
But that's, that's, that's what I'm talking about. Like an idea where, like, I can wear branded clothes, or whatever that has my brands on it without mentioning everything, and then have this series of just trying to figure out of what theme that I could do, like, how that's a great idea, but how much, how much consistency and videos Can you post about the top 10 stoner videos? But. It's somewhere around that brainstorming that I want to see if we can do, and then product placement, but just branding, because tikt Won't if you just have branding it and you don't show weed or anything, I think we should be okay. So it's just kind of figuring out a strategy and break the code there.

Speaker  965061:20
Yep, we're happy to brainstorm. It's not gonna lie. It's definitely hard. And any day your account, I mean, you know the game, but, but we can talk about it, and I we can send you the link to my friend that I think he has, like, 150k with his brand, so I don't know his numbers, but we can take inspiration from that,

Speaker  971317:20
sorry Pedro Nicholas, just before. If this goes for anyone, and I know some, some people here have already used them, I recommend them. Like crazy. Actually, just got my at speed back username from these people. Do you have any issues with meta at all? Like crazy. Shit happens. You get banned, you lose your ad account. They someone steals your fan page. I think something happened, like anything crazy. This is not their name, but I call them, like the Mossad of meta. These, these guys get anything done, like anything, yeah.

Speaker  980464:00
Can you hit me up with their credentials? I need my account back.

Speaker  981392:00
Yes. Yes, have you used them? I just paid him this morning. Guys, I'll give him the money. I just

Speaker  983877:20
want my account back. They will

Speaker  984469:20
anything you need. I could have got at Aaron if I wanted. Okay, these guys are savages, low key, and they're partners at the club so that they take care of anyone just for being a part of the founders club. So anything like that, you lose a page, 20,000 followers, anything like that, they're your people. So hit hit me up. Event. We're getting our partners page kind of figured out, so it's not there yet, but just hit us up and we'll,

Speaker  991226:40
we'll help. Okay, clay, I could email you and you could send me over the contact

Speaker  992352:00
done, yeah, just shoot me a message. Thank you. With that being said, guys, this was amazing, really. Thank you so much. You guys are a big, big resource, and for those.
