MDS TikTok Channel Call with Josh Hadley
Date: November 20, 2025

Speaker  00:00
It's been a minute since we saw each other. Oh,

Speaker  1216:00
you're famous. Now,

Speaker  2000:00
where? Where am I famous? I don't know where I'm

Speaker  2912:00
I guess on TikTok,

Speaker  3984:00
only because Alex invites me. I'm just hanging on to Alex

Speaker  5552:00
a few videos like teaching people how to do stuff, I guess.

Speaker  6917:20
Well, podcast, I've been doing the podcast and talking TikTok. I was at Innovate. I spoke innovate.

Speaker  9525:20
Nice. It was good. Yeah, it was great. You did. You did a good job there. Man, that was awesome.

Speaker  11690:40
Well, thanks. Well, you're going to do the same thing at prosper. Now, that's the other part, getting off of Melissa, okay, get prosper and all that. And I was like, people are going to like Alex's stuff. So I'm excited. I'm excited to have you there. You're gonna,

Speaker  15594:40
yeah, thanks, man. I appreciate it. I'm looking forward

Speaker  17104:00
to it. Is that so you said this is the first time you guys have been doing this. Then, Alex,

Speaker  18320:00
no, we've been doing this for quite a while. How long are we doing this now? Since maybe April, March, yeah, probably, yeah. We usually get a pretty good turnout, but I missed the last month because of innovate, and I think with, you know, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and then the holiday coming up, we'll see, we'll see what the turnout is like today. But the video recordings are watched pretty frequently, so that's, that's a good part. And yeah, after seeing your presentation at innovate, and then seeing it again the next day at the TikTok mastermind MDs, it was like, All right, I gotta get get him in here. So I had told you this would be our first time having a guest.

Speaker  30298:40
Okay, no pressure. He's not a stranger, though

Speaker  32304:00
he's not. Everybody knows, yeah. Everybody knows, Josh, yeah, yeah. By having, like, a having another member present something, right? It's usually, you know, I kind of come in, it's either a Hassan or myself that will kind of come in and say what's working for us, and then everyone, you kind of just open it, and we all just kind of discuss any and everything for for about an hour. We easily fill up the time. But this would be good to actually have. I mean, I've seen the presentation. I know it's awesome. People are going to love it. We probably won't have all the time in the world for all the questions. I think when Josh presented this in a TikTok mastermind it, you know, it was probably the most interactive session, right? Took a little while. Yeah, so, but you guys are in for a treat. This is some really good stuff, and I'm glad it's being recorded, because anyone that misses this is going to be bond.

Speaker  48154:40
Well, hey, the people are here.

Speaker  49040:00
When you started, Josh, did you think your products would be a good fit for TikTok, or it was more like, let me just throw a rock and see where it goes.

Speaker  51344:00
No, I did not think our products were going to be right for TikTok. So I'm happy to I'm happy to dive in like that. That's a perfect segue into, like, my story of, like, how we got on to TikTok and kind of, like, what's unique about what we're doing. So happy to dive in. So, Alex, do you want me? Just, yeah,

Speaker  56565:20
let's do it. Let's take it away. Man, yeah, you do? You have your slides?

Speaker  57909:20
I got my slides. Yeah. I'm literally, like, I'm literally doing, like, the Innovate slides with like a couple updates in here, because it's the latest things that are working perfect for us. So happy to do that. Let's take it away,

Speaker  61738:40
man, it's all you

Speaker  62138:40
don't have my millions of tabs here. All right. Cool. So yeah, today we'll, we'll go over, kind of like how we've created over 40 viral videos and 4000 creators later. This is literally the exact system behind like what's working on our TikTok shop. So happy to dive into this. So again, who here is dealing with the following overseas sellers ripping off your listings, tanking your sales margin disappearing thanks to tariffs, FBA fees, returns, Race to Zero pricing. Number three, burning out, trying just to juggle everything in the business, ops, creative, SEO, PPC. Number four, dumping more into PPC and still struggling to maintain rankings on Amazon, and then knowing you need to diversify off of Amazon, but having no idea where to start or what will actually work. Well, if you struggle with any of those five things, then you were in the exact same boat I was in in January of 2024, where every single one of these was a pain point for me in January, January through June of 2024, like our business, was down over 25% year over year. And that was the first time that that ever happened every year prior to that, it was just like a slow and steady incline for the business. But think all of us have seen that increased level of competition, increased level of obviously, with the tariffs and just like PPC competitiveness, they're like the game on Amazon is like, completely flipped from when all of us started there in the 2000 10s. So what if you could escape that Amazon hamster wheel and actually build a real, real growth engine for your business. That's what we're going to be talking about. So today I'm going to show you the full playbook how we did over 200k in July. And good news is we're back on that run rate right now to do past 200k right now. So again, things are things are back at it now, with the all the Black Friday, Cyber Monday sales going on, and then how we did that 200k in July on Shopify, leveraging our same TikTok creators. And then what we're doing now to make Amazon our most profitable sales channel. Does that sound good? Thumbs up.

Speaker  100768:00
Interesting. Hey, Josh, what? Sorry, I don't I don't know this, but what, what category are your products,

Speaker  102645:20
stationary, all things paper. So me and Ershad hanging out together.

Speaker  104213:20
Awesome. Okay, cool. Yep,

Speaker  105541:20
awesome. All right, so let's dive in. Who am I? First and foremost father of four, husband to a beautiful wife. That's my pride and joy. My wife and I work together in the business. She's the graphic designer who designs every single one of our products, and that's how we originally started doing wedding invitations 10 years ago. We've been an eight figure brand for the past three years, continuing to grow, and I'm also the host of the E comm breakthrough podcast. So Ershad thinks I'm famous. Now, I don't know whether it's from the podcast or he saw some other recording, but I've been doing the podcast for three years, and really it's just my way of A, being able to network with really smart people, but B, be able to share, really, what happens is, I'm asking experts the exact same questions I want to know for my own business in order to scale it to nine figures. And so really, it's just like, Join the journey of, like, how I'm trying to scale to nine figures. So that's the purpose of the podcast, all right? So story time Ershad asked the question, like, hey, like, why did you jump onto TikTok? Was it because you had competitors that were crushing it over there? Like, did you think you were going to have success? So honestly, the answer was no, as I mentioned in January of 2024 like, literally, like, the crap was hitting the fan for the first time ever, and we had had a few unsuccessful product launches on Amazon back to back in the months of November and December of 2023 which led to cash flow constraints in January of 2024 and all of those things that I mentioned, I watched a bunch of competitors come in. And the only you know, sad to say it, but a lot the only levers that the overseas competitors know how to play is just the pricing game. They don't know how to play branding, they don't know how to play copywriting. They don't know how to do anything else other than just race to the bottom pricing. And it started impacting many of our listings, and it literally, it genuinely, got to a point where I had to take money out of my own personal bank account in order to fund payroll. And I was like, that is a terrible feeling. And I never, ever want to have that happen again. And at that time, I was staring down the barrel being like, how much longer can we go like this? Because Amazon's not doing well and what, once upon a time, we used to launch this way and stay ranked like, I feel like the life the product life cycle on Amazon, is getting shorter and shorter. And I would still agree with that the product life cycle on Amazon gets shorter every day just with the increased amount of competition. Now, what I'm going to share with you today is how I think we've unlocked, like, the impact of that, like, slow and steady decline of a product as soon as you launch it. So really, it got to a point where I was like, the business model is no longer working. Like I was genuinely brought to tears, and felt like the business was done. We could count the number of days we had, and it was at that time, I'm a man of faith, that I prayed. I prayed to my heavenly Father, and I said, I don't know what to do, but I don't have the money that I thought we once had. And things are not as easy as they once were in the business, and I need help figuring it out. And you know, it was constantly learning and working, trying to figure this thing out, to, like, try to get our business back to where it needed to be. And it was, I play hockey in an old man's League. So weekend nights, you'll see me at 10:30pm at an ice rink. And so it was one of those late nights driving to hockey by myself that like I decided to turn on a podcast. And the podcast I turned on was actually Helium 10, and they were featuring another brand that had gone viral just months earlier, and what do you know it they were in the stationary space. And I was like, Oh, that's really unique and odd, because I don't there's not many people that I know in the stationary space. So that was interesting, but they really killed it on TikTok shop, which Fun fact, just just two months prior to that, we had tried our hand at TikTok shop, right? TikTok shop came out there at the end of 2023, and we, we got ourselves an agency and said, Hey, let's Yeah, we're interested. We'll throw some money at this. Go see if you can figure this thing out. Well, the agency said that they reached out over the period of two or three months to 1000s of creators, and not one of them was interested in even getting a free sample of my product. But I could pay him a few 100 bucks to create a video for me. And I was like, well, that's crap. Like, I'm not paying a few 100 bucks for for somebody just create a video like join brands has been around. I could do that if I want like that, no. So I said no, and at that time, I said, No. I well, I guess TikTok shop doesn't work for my brand, okay. But again, my back was up against the wall. So I'm driving to hockey, I hear this TikTok shop for a stationary brand that they killed it. And I was like, well, that's cool, but that was not my experience on TikTok. Well, on the way back home from hockey that same night, I again, flipped to another random podcast that I was listening that I wanted to listen to, and lo and behold, it was another stationary brand that had success with influencers, and yes, TikTok was part of that, but same with some of the other social channels as well. And it was at that moment that I, you know, I felt like that was the answer to my prayer. That was like, that's your direction. That's where you need it to go. Now, I had just got done working with an agency who I think royally screwed me, but I was like, Well, time for me to roll up my sleeves and actually go figure this thing out. And so what I'm what I'm going to share with you guys today is, you know, first and foremost of like, hey, we all deal with issues in our personal lives, in our businesses. There's going to be no shortage of times where our backs up against the wall. I do know, though, if you act in faith, he will answer your prayers. If you go to him, just as he enlightened my mind, he will enlighten your mind. And it has literally changed my entire business, and I'm happy to share with all of you today, like those lessons that we have learned, and I give credit where credit is due, and I'm grateful for the enlightenment that I received to jump back into the TikTok, TikTok space and how it's opened up our brand so we get on to TikTok shop. First and foremost, I'm like, Well, how do I find creators? Because I was just told by an agency that nobody's interested in my products, right? What should my commission rate be? Do I pay them a per video fee, like join brands, or do they need to have a large following? What level of GMV do they need to have or not? Okay? Well, I'm going to share with you the exact process that we follow to generate over these 40 viral videos with creators. Okay? And in addition to that, we've amassed an affiliate army that has, this is outdated, but more than 4000 loyal brand ambassadors at this point working with us. So here's kind of where we're at. This was like our TikTok shop strategy 2.0 and how it's evolved. In April, we had just crossed 80k per month in GMV. Now we were doing 200k consecutively throughout the summer. We dipped down during the fall, for whatever reason, and now we're back at that exact same run rate, if not even more, right now as we get into the holidays, I believe that TikTok shop is still the single biggest untapped growth lever in econ. But it's evolving fast, as we all once could say, oh, it'd be great to go back to the days of Amazon 2010, and launch our products again back then, right? That's exactly where we're at with TikTok. However, what I would say is three years of Amazon development is happening in one year on TikTok shop right now. Like, that's how quick and how fast I think I see the platform evolving is that you know what Amazon has evolved into over the last 12 years, right? TikTok shop will evolve that quickly over the next four years. Okay, so this is one that's like every day that passes the barriers to entry do get larger,

Speaker  247317:20
so sign up for a creator outreach software. So that's step number one. We use yucca. I know there's quite a few different platforms that are out there. Reacher is another one. We prefer yuca. Those guys really have the ends with TikTok as well, and they're quick to innovating. So we've been using Yuka. There's a coupon code. I think MDS has one as well, so you can use the MDS Yuka discount as well. So step number one, what you want to do is you want to create a list of creators, okay? And so what that means, and here's where I think most brands go wrong. When they get on to TikTok shop, they're just like, hey, I'm just going to sort by GMV, and I'm just going to give samples out to anybody that has decent GMV, whatever decent GMV actually means, right? The approach that we took, that I believe, was what made the difference is we did not just open it up to anybody that wanted a sample. We specifically sat down and we targeted very specific audiences that we wanted. So in this example, is like, we want to like, narrow down on teachers, specifically. Okay? Now with that, the best part is like, since we're all selling on Amazon, like, take some of your top trending keywords, right, and you put them in here, and from there, you're like, TikTok does a pretty good job, and so does Yuka, where it will begin, identifying anybody that's even like, whether they are a teacher or whether they've talked about teaching related topics, right? And it's going to pull from their videos, and you're going to basically create a list. So you can do this inside of Yuka, and you want to create a list, and you're going to, and I'll show you that's going to be like a few 1000 creators. Okay? Step two, you're going to just rinse and repeat with other audience keywords. And I know we've got a couple questions coming in here too, so I'll answer those, but rinse and repeat with other audience keywords, okay, like, who is your ideal? Like, we all talk about ICP, ideal customer profile. Who's your ideal creator profile? Okay, so identify your ideal creator profile. Create a list. I have maybe close to 1000 different lists at this point over the last 18 months that we've created that are just like very like, Hey, you want to talk to stay at home moms, here's your list of creators. Hey, you want to talk to kindergarten teachers. Here's your list of creators, right? Like, it's been, this is built over time, but back in the back then, when I first started, it was just like, I'm just grabbing at straws. And I just, I had maybe, like five audiences that I put together. Okay,

Speaker  293525:20
what's your what's your response rate you're you're seeing on some of those, obviously, those are really targeted less. So just curious, I'm guessing you have a much higher response rate within that within that target demographic.

Speaker  297029:20
I've got the data. I'll show it to you. Yes, so yes, your response rate will be better. So you can create those lists in Yucca, which is great, but you can also create these lists in TikTok shop itself, inside the affiliate center. If you just go to affiliate center, find creators. Just type in a keyword, whatever it is. And again, TikTok is pretty darn smart. They're going to find people that have ever talked about those type of products, whatever keywords you're putting in there, okay, then you're just rinsing and repeating. So on TikTok shop, you're going to just like, download all the handles, and then you upload it as a CSV into Yuka, and it then gets stored as as another list. Okay, all right, so y'all want to hear a secret hack too, not not as secret anymore, but you can go steal your all your competitors, creators, okay, and then we're going to be talking about like, Okay, well, how do you prevent this from happening to you? We'll be doubling down even more on that. But here's what you do. You use Kat lo data, and you can go simply identify, like, go look up at the product, right? So if I want to go look at goalies creators, I can go look and I can see, Hey, who are their top creators? Now, do you necessarily want to go after their top creators? Probably not. But what if you're working from creator 50 down to creator 500 right? But you could go after their top creators for sure. What ultimately happens is like, you're going to download the CSV of all of their handles and then just upload it. Okay, so now I'm going to have a list of here are creators that have these keywords in their content, or something like that, and then I can have a very targeted list of creators that are pitching my competitors products. Okay, then you're going to set up a bot to message these creators. So, Jon, you asked the question like, what's my response rate? My message reply rate is at 11% so most people are below 1%

Speaker  331978:40
Yeah. I was just going to chime in right there and say, if you're starting from scratch zero and you're just turning on the bot going after anyone with more than $1,000 in GMV, your response rate will probably be less than 1%

Speaker  335754:40
Yeah, we're at like three to 4% but I was, I was chatting with the UK yesterday about refining this down and driving that up, so I was curious to see it. I mean, in the supplement space, I don't think we're going to probably get to 11

Speaker  339216:00
12% but maybe, Josh, can you, like, tell me what is the average GMV of these people? Because 11% is insane. Like, I'm obviously you want to go after, like, the high gym V but what are you going for? Like,

Speaker  342869:20
I'm gonna chime in here, since I've seen this presentation twice, let's, um, let's just wait to the end for questions, because Josh is super thorough. I think this deck is like 100 slides, right? So most likely your questions are going to be answered. But let's, let's hold off to the end, because, yeah, we got 40 minutes left.

Speaker  348954:40
Okay, awesome. We'll go. I've got, I've got some Q and A sections as well. All right, so you've got your list of creators. You're going to start running the bots. So what message do we choose? We do the message plus the target collab product card, okay, so fill it out, give it a bot name, select the product. Select the time range when it's sending messages, and then I send it to all every time I even if I'm like, repeating to the same people, which, again, like, fun fact. Like, as you guys probably aware, if you don't know, these creators get 1000s of DMS every freaking day, all the time, so like me, resending the same message to people like all day long, because they're probably 90% of them never even see your message. They're just flooded. Their inbox is flooded. You're just hoping your message shows up when they're actually in there. They do look at their messages. You just want to be at the top. So they actually like, find you, see you, and magic happens at the exact same time they're on and they come join your campaign. Okay, so that's why it's just a volume game at the end of the day, we do offer free samples, but we want to manually review these free samples, and I'll talk about why commission percentages on targeted will go up to 15% on sponsored shop ads will go as low as 5% okay, customize the message. So we create a message, I love Yuka as AI that will literally like it analyzes their content and will like, make it feel like you just watch their content. It's like, Hey, I love you and your three kids. I was like, All right, great. Like, that's super dialed in. So it's pretty cool. I just use kind of their, like, basic message templates, and then they have like, follow ups. So just schedule the follow ups to be sent, you know, three, four days after because again, you're just repetition. Then you're going to send a bot to one of those lists that you created. And literally just push the start button and let it go, okay, and then again, you'll see that the number of messages that go out. Now here's what's going to happen once you begin sending those out, you're going to get two things. Number one, people will either come into the affiliate center and they will request samples. So in your affiliate tab on TikTok shop, you will have this like, sample request, okay? Or they will just reply directly to you, and they may not have request a sample. So those are the only two paths that are really going to happen after you send out these bots. Okay? So if somebody requests a sample, this is what it looks like. What we're going to do is we're going to take this person, we're going to message them, and then we are going to send the following, we're going to approve their their sample, okay? And then we're going to message them and say, Hey, your samples on its way. But to make sure that we can send you tracking info and promote your products with our ad spend, send us your information. Okay, we'll talk about why we want that information from them. Okay, why do we want their contact info? Many creators never post after getting a sample. Creators are getting spammed by bots all day long. TikTok doesn't share their personal info you want to be able to create communicate with them off of TikTok. Five, double down with creators that create viral videos. Number six, get their permission to reuse their videos, and number seven, create an email newsletter with contests to keep them engaged. Okay? So what we do is, literally, as soon as we get their information, we're going to add them to an email newsletter, and we also have their their cell phone number as well. So this gets automatically, just dropped into a the tech stack for this is Gmail plus streak, which is just like a Google Chrome extension CRM, so streak, and I'll show you what it looks like here. But all this does is it basically turns Gmail into a CRM so that you can track these creators in a pipeline, so as soon as, like, the samples get shipped, this is like, literally, like the exact emails that we're sending out to people. Okay,

Speaker  417952:00
Hey, Josh, was there? Sorry to interrupt. Was there a step there where you're telling them you sent the sample but you really didn't you're waiting for them to fill out the form, or are you waiting for the info?

Speaker  420864:00
We just say, Hey, your sample is approved, and we do say it is headed your way. Now we this one's constantly been been tweaked. So this was, this is like, and we're testing even newer things right now, but this was, like, the latest thing that we were getting good response rates from was just simply saying, like, hey, it's on its way. But I need, I need your number for tracking purposes. Like, that's probably like, it you got to use an excuse. And if you use the excuse of, like, hey, I need this to actually be able to provide you with the tracking info. And you can say, like, because we don't use FBT or whatever it is, it has to come out of my Amazon warehouse. I need your contact info so, but

Speaker  432288:00
if they never reply to this message, they don't get a sample.

Speaker  433536:00
We've tested that out. We've sent some out without it in general. Yes, we have now, like, because our so when we are first starting, I was just sending it to everybody, right whether they're giving me their contact info or not. I just want, like, more opportunity. Now we get literally 1000 sample requests a day at this point, so, like, I can be ridiculously selective. So because of that, yeah, now my bar, my entry barrier is, like, clear up here, whereas before, it was not so again, and I'm sharing this with you guys to meet like all levels, wherever you're starting at. So yeah, but good questions. Alex, so we basically just turn on an email automation, and again, it's Gmail plus streak is what we're using here. Okay, so some FAQs, we were using 12% for open collabs, 15% for targeted collabs, okay, do I pay them a per video fee like joint brands? No, we have not done any retainers yet for our brand, and we have in our commission rates aren't like they're not overly aggressive either. Okay. Do they need a large following? Nope, we don't look at their number of followers whatsoever. Okay? We've seen that genuinely, like the audience size doesn't matter. Some of our most viral creators like have less than 10,000 videos, 10,000 followers. What level of GMV should they have before I approve? So we look 0% at the level of GMV. If somebody has zero GMV, we'll take a quick glance, and we'll look at their videos and like, what's funny is, like, I'll share this example. So we approved one guy, like, probably, like, a few months ago, we approved somebody for, like, a sample, and then our team was, like, reviewing, like, the videos that we were getting back, and it was this giant dude, big, big guy. He's not a great Creator, but, like, he's gonna be talking about our, like, our posters to hang on your wall. And this his video turns into, it's like a three or four minute video, and the dude's laying on his couch, and he has his shirt off, and it is, like, the most cringy video that you've ever seen. So, long story short, like our lesson learned from that, like a zero sales were driven on that that I don't even think it hit even 100 views, like super cringy. But like we've seen that, like there's a wide chasm, and I think it's getting even wider now on TikTok shop, where it's like, there's good creators, there's mediocre creators, and then there's, there's some terrible creators, there's a lot more terrible creators, I think, as of late, because TikTok shop just just lowered the barrier to entry from, like, what was it 5000 followers first to be in, like, the creator program. Now it's like 1000 and I think it's probably next year, it'll be like, one follower, and they'll let them in. But anyway, so what we're doing is like, we'll literally, like, take and I told my team, because again, a VA is managing this process. Like, take 30 seconds, no more than 30 seconds, you have to be able to click that profile. Just look at it at a brief glance and be like, yep, that matches like, a good, decent, like, human being that actually is, like, trying to promote these products. Like, well, right? You just don't want somebody, it's like, their videos are all like, in the teens views or 100 views, like, and they're just weird, poor lighting, poor audio, etc, like, so we're just looking for like, decent level of competency. Okay? And do I need to provide them with a content brief? Okay? So yes and no. So here's Alex, what we've been recently testing. So before approving samples, we require creators to read the creative brief and agree to post 30 videos using the hooks in the brief. So because we have so much sample volume, again, we can increase that barrier to entry. And so now it's I want your contact info. I want you to confirm that you've actually read our creative brief, and I want you to agree up front that you're going to create at least 30 pieces of content for me, all for a free sample. So that's the latest thing that we've been doing. Because I believe, like the magic of TikTok, shop is the following. You want to create a raving fan base of people, right? We talked about how, hey, I can go steal goalies creators right now, that's probably going to be an uphill battle, but it would also be an uphill battle for any of you to try to steal my creators, because guess what? These creators jump on weekly calls with my wife and I. These weekly creators are in our WhatsApp group. These creators are also on an email newsletter where they get emails from us every freaking day of the week. Okay, so these creators, they know us, they love us. They love our products, and we're helping them succeed on TikTok shop as well, or sharing ideas, what's working trending, trending videos, who's going viral latest we're running contests. We're doing all those things. So like this, this game. I want you guys all to know this game is not a, Hey, I sit behind my computer and I deal out a bunch of samples to people and and all these creators just create some magic behind the scenes. It's like, No, this is all about relationship management, and I believe the people that are going to win take this thing seriously and do the hard things that most people don't want to do. Right? What's easier going and just listing your product on Amazon, turn on some PPC ads and just letting that thing fly? Yeah, that's easy. How do you like, do you want to get on calls with creators and talk to them, deal with their issues and their people issues, right? And all that stuff? Like, it's hard. It's a lot harder. But like, that's what I see is going to be like, the separation of like, those that really do well on TikTok versus anybody can go get some sales on TikTok. I'm confident with that, whether you have good relationships or not, the longevity of it, I think, becomes the question at that point. So this is kind of like the latest thing that we've been testing. And again, this is like, this is the message that we're sending out to people. So do I need to provide them with a content brief? We have them, by the way, fill out a Google doc when they're agreeing to this. And one of those steps here is like agreeing to give us unlimited usage rights. So it's like, here's my contact info, here's my cell phone. Yes, I will post 30 videos, okay, over the next 60 days, we say. And then, yeah, by the way, you can reuse my content

Speaker  551941:20
just so like that gives you right to use that off TikTok as well, or even post it on your personal on, like your company account.

Speaker  554165:20
Yes, if you post it on your account, company account, I wouldn't tag you wouldn't. Yes, it's just for top of funnel, organic reach, yeah,

Speaker  557434:40
yeah, we're not posting it on our own TikTok account, though, yeah, I'll talk to I'll talk about how we're using the videos, though. Question, how many creators actually post 30 pieces of content. I mean, because, like, we're very, like, choosy with who we're choosing. I mean, it's like at least 50% of the creators are are doing that right? There's a lot that will say no, but we've got enough volume at this point that we can be more selective. So this is a volume. This is 100% a volume game, guys, okay? TikTok shop is 100% a volume game. You listen to Alex for Moses content, you will hear the exact same song and dance, which is like when Alex hormozi wanted to blow up, he went and paid 100 grand for consulting to some of the guys that were like going the most viral on on YouTube had the biggest followings and stuff like that. As soon as he sat down to talk to them and figure out what's the secret sauce behind it all, they asked him, How many times are you posting a day? And he was pretty happy with like, posting three times a day. And then they said, Try 400 pieces of content today, and it was like, Oh, I'm good. Close up the book. I know this is just purely a volume game. Thank you for adjusting my level of expectations of what is actually required to succeed, right? And that's what I think, like most people that say, Hey, I got on TikTok shop and I pat myself on the back. I gave out 100 samples. And nobody did. Nobody went viral. And it's like, okay, well, try 1000 Okay, 1000 at work. How committed are you like? Try 10,000 right now, if you have a very expensive product, right? It could be like, there's the shark vacuums right now going viral on TikTok shop like that. Ain't cheap, like handing out 10,000 shark vacuums. That's going to come with a significant cost, but it is working right. But you need to be able to go in to TikTok with a with this, being able to have like, a level of understanding that you were investing heavily into this channel, if you want to succeed, this is not one where you're going to dip your toe in the water and be like, does it work? Like you got to be like, again, I tried to dip my toe in the water with that agency for three months, and they just spend a bunch of my money and did a whole lot of nothing for me, right? If you want to succeed you as the business owner have to be all in all in Alex, we've seen this every single one of the MDS, TikTok masterminds that I've been at, the people that are winning is like, the business owner is in there. It's not like, not one of those is like, oh yeah. My marketing guy figured this out for me.

Speaker  604442:40
Yeah, that is 100% true.

Speaker  605258:40
Josh, quick question, do you know on average, how much videos are published per week for your product?

Speaker  608314:40
Cindy, I It's like between two to 500 a week.

Speaker  609983:59
To 500 okay? Because I talked to my account rep, and I'm like, we're like, what threshold of videos like, do you see your like, accounts that you manage, that that are like, constantly being successful. He's like, you need 1000 videos per week for you to actually start. Like, the trajectories, like, preferably 2000 videos per week, which is pretty insane to me. Like, how many creators do you need to do that sort of volume?

Speaker  618373:20
I think that depends on where you're at, and where your product is and how, like, how much of the flywheel is already moving. Maybe, if you're at the very beginning, you don't have a ton of sales, ton of social proof, yeah, you might need some kind of movement, like that 1000 a week. It's obviously really tough to achieve that. You're gonna have to pay for it, most likely. But you know, once you're in Josh's position, or, you know, some some other brands, 1000 a week is, yeah, that would be great, but you probably don't need that, the wheels are already turning right? GMB Max is on year. We have 5000 videos from the past two months, right? Everything kind of starts to turn so I think it gets less and less as as time goes on.

Speaker  631237:20
Yeah, it's posting 5000 videos a day,

Speaker  631989:20
just just to mention,

Speaker  632501:20
right, right. Goalie, goalie, yeah. 5000 a day. 5000

Speaker  634165:20
5000 a day.

Speaker  634741:20
How fast they make the 30 Kat, 30 content and how fast they post it doesn't, doesn't matter, or not really.

Speaker  636762:40
They're not making the creators are making the content,

Speaker  637722:40
not gold Leo. I'm talking about Josh, yeah. We

Speaker  638682:40
just ask within 60 days,

Speaker  639402:40
okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  640320:00
Again, this is because you have insane amount of requests. Like, what is your average day? Look like, 500

Speaker  642160:00
1000 requests a day.

Speaker  642512:00
Like, Josh is able to filter like, like, 50 minutes

Speaker  644000:00
you're starting, yeah, if you're starting again, like, I'm sharing, like, if you're just starting, you go back like, you're not, like, this is like, this is advanced level stuff, right? This is like, Okay, I've got, like, I can be selective. I'm going to increase the barrier to entry. If you can't, then you come back here and you're like, all right. Well, hey, can I just get your contact info, right? Like, you can, like, and again, you can approve everybody. When I first started, right? It was, I'm approving everybody because my campaigns were very targeted with who I was even reaching out to. Does that make sense? So because I was so targeted with who I was reaching out to, it's like, well, you're probably a teacher, or whatever, I was trying to go after, approve, approve, approve, approve, right? Like that. It is a volume game, until you can get some. It is a flywheel effect, right? And then as soon as you get someone, you cross 100 cells, then you cross 1000 cells, and then you're going to see, like, it. It doesn't take long. Like, as soon as you get any little momentum, you'll see sample requests come in pretty significantly the following day. And then again, that's where you just, like, continue to refine this. But it is a what's

Speaker  665237:20
your, what's your percentage of like, organic sample requests, like, we see like 80% organic and 20% targeted collab, but certainly, if qualified, it's primarily targeted.

Speaker  667802:39
But we don't really activate the bots very often anymore, so it's like 98% organic just coming in at this point. And again, that's why it's like, we're filtering it out. So that's why I say like at first, if you're doing the cold start, my approach is I'll give samples to anybody in their dog that wants to sample it out. But it is a very targeted audience. That's my caveat. Very targeted audience. I'm not just giving it to anybody, it's my ICP. But then it definitely evolves when you have a bunch of organic sample requests coming in, then it evolves into much more. How am I going to shake the bad creators out of this thing?

Speaker  680197:20
Right? And you talk about your team too, you just said, Don't let your marketing head like, what if he's really a competent person? Like, do I still have to be involved as the owner?

Speaker  684602:40
I would say yes, even, even some of the top brands, I mean, some of the top you can pay for it. You can pay for it. But like the these people are unicorns at this point. Of people that have been there, done that on TikTok shop. Could somebody ahead of marketing oversee this? They could, but you've got to have somebody that, like they have a massive desire to win, and you've, you're probably compensating them very well for that, right? And like, they've because, again, why, in my opinion, why did the brands that are successful on TikTok shop be successful? Because, like, Guys, this is still 18 months later, after I first, like, we had our first viral momentum on TikTok shop, and I'm still all hands on deck in this thing. Because it's, like, constantly evolving, constantly things like, I'm refining. That's why I keep going to the MDS stuff, talking with Alex, because it's like things continuing to evolve very quick. And I feel like it, it needs an entrepreneurial mindset, like it is, it is the wild west right now. So Ershad, like, Can you do it? I I have looked and I tried to hire a head of TikTok shop, but to know, to no avail, at least anybody that was like, you'd have to throw some, in my opinion, like good chunk of money to somebody who's already been there, done that.

Speaker  708544:00
So it came, what's your percentage of TikTok revenue over, like, Amazon. Just curious, did all you did?

Speaker  710613:20
Yeah, so right now, so on some of like, our higher months, we'll push 15 to 20% that's awesome.

Speaker  713077:20
And are you seeing any spillover on Amazon? Have your Amazon sales improved? No,

Speaker  714117:20
no, I'm just kidding. Of course, they that's like, that's the mat. So that's, I mean, that's like, at the end of my slides, right? Like, yeah. So what helped me from all the cheap Chinese crap that the only, the only thing they know how to do is price their products as low as they possibly can.

Speaker  719642:40
This, okay, we got, we got, we got 15 minutes. Let's see how much more we can get. All right? Well, we can get. All right,

Speaker  721344:00
let's go. All right, we're gonna go.

Speaker  721776:00
We're about a quarter of the way down, guys, yeah,

Speaker  722912:00
turn this on, lightning speed, and then we'll ref here at the end. All right, we're using base.com to fulfill our TikTok orders through MCF. We're also have some of our we're shifting half our products over to FBT as well. That's never evolving thing. All right. Part two, this is where the real magic happens. This is what I think is where your brand, if you're only on Amazon, becomes a real brand. We all talk about having like, oh yeah, I have a brand on Amazon. I don't think if your brand is only on Amazon, I would argue you do not have a brand. I did not have a brand. We are. We have a sprouting brand. Is what I would say at this point, because of everything we're doing on TikTok shop, everything we're doing on Shopify now, okay, all right, add creators to an email newsletter. We're actually going to blow through this stuff, so we add them to an email newsletter. Every creator goes through a welcome flow of seven emails. Get to know our family, our brand. Welcome flow trains, the video, the creators how to go viral again. You guys can have access to this monthly newsletter content. Okay, this is like what we're sending now. It's every day. What do they look like? I mean, they're not cute, they're not amazing. It's just me and chat GPT riffing on some stuff. Okay, I'm using beehive for this. I'm sharing flash sales, spotlighting creators when they go viral, sales, scripts and hooks, announcing monthly contests winners, leaderboards, new product launches. Okay, and then what do I do with my VIP creators? This is why I want their cell phone number, because I'm going to text them personally, and I'm going to build a relationship with them. They're going to know when my baby's born. They're going to know when our new products launch. They're going to know they actually care about them. Okay, what's been the best contest so far? Whenever we do anything that's based on GMV that they drive. So it's like, hey, it's not like the number one driving GMV creator gets all the rewards. It's like, No, this is a this is an all play. Everybody can earn a bonus. They like that. So this was, like, one of the more successful challenges. You can see how much GMV It drove, 47 in GMV and 4.5 million views just from the contest itself. And again, we just kind of like take the page out of goalie and o positives playbook. We're not doing Lambos, but I'd be more than happy to buy somebody a Lambo if they produce 2 million GMV or whatever for me. All right, here's an interesting fun fact. So Josh, know, with the snow teeth whitening, so what they're doing is they'll take a small cohort of 10 creators. Okay, every week they pay them 250, to $500 a monthly retainer. They require one video per day. And then in order to stay on that, like mini retainer program, they have to produce $5,000 in GMV that month, or else they're out. So they're just like, they'll take 10 maybe one sticks, all right, and then that one like it. This is a compounding effort, right? So month over month over month, you have people you can be doing a retainer, but only the ones that actually are driving GMV get to get to stick. So it's another idea for you to drive more videos. But it is like, it's multiple videos for one sample. Like, that's the theme that you continue to hear sounds like a lot of work isn't necessary 100% and that's why I love it. That's why I love this. That's why I'm happy to share this with y'all. Because it's like, you're looking at 18 months worth of work. And it's like, here it is, but like this ain't easy. Like this is hard and but it's, it's figureoutable. I do think that TikTok is like, and it's not just TikTok, I would say, working with creators and amassing an affiliate army. This is the massive arbitrage opportunity of the 2000 like 2020s I would say, where there's always, like, a significant point where there was, like, massive arbitrage every decade. This is the decade where there's massive arbitrage with creators, you can give out free samples and get a bunch of videos. Are you kidding me? I guarantee you, next decade, everybody is going to be like, No, it's a few 100 bucks for one video, right? Like, it's just going to mature very quickly, we're already seeing that, like the top creators don't just like they're going to require payment now most of the time. All right, so there's, there's part one. So we're a third of the way through, right? Let's talk about what we've done on Shopify. Okay, so I've been trying to figure out and crack the Shopify nut for freaking ever, like even from the first day I got on Amazon, I love Shopify. Would love to be have my own email list, be able to drive my own revenue. We all would right. Well, the only time that that has actually been unlocked is as soon as TikTok unlocked, and here's why, because we have usage rights anybody that goes viral, we spin it up as a meta ad, and that was immediately providing a five row as right out of the gate. Okay, so how's that work? Create your added meta you light up the viral video. Okay, create a dedicated sales page for the product that you're selling. Okay, if you don't create a dedicated sales page, you will fail the number of times I freaking see people. They're like, Oh, I just sent it to my Shopify store. I'm like, You're an idiot. Don't send it to your Shopify store. The traffic has to go to a buy or die page. There's only one thing you can do. You can either check out, or you can click to exit. You can't browse other products. You can't check out our social media. You can't learn about us. It is. You can buy or die like that's it. That's that's the principle of Shopify on Amazon. We're going to be selling these products for 2025, bucks. We're getting aovs over $100 with this. So how are we doing it? We're bundling multiple products together, including free printables, just enhancing value stacks. It could be a free e course that you put together as well, but you're driving up the value for your offer, okay? And when you do that, and then you also offer additional upsells, and we have post purchase upsells as well. You're going to our current AOV for this funnel is 85 bucks. Okay? What you're going to do is you're going to now, here's where the magic is. If you are not in the supplement space that doesn't have reoccurring purchases or consumable space. We're not and so I would love to be in that space. I would love reoccurring revenue. We've got it now flowing through the business. How do we have that flowing through the business? This, it's our first upsell. Okay, join us for 10 bucks a month. Guess what? Compounds this? Compounds ridiculously fast. Okay, this is not luck. We've replicated this exact same funnel with three different products serving very different audiences, and we've hit the exact same like ROI targets right out of the bat. So what are we doing now to make Amazon our most profitable sales channel. This is what I see TikTok shop meta, ad spend. It's all top of the funnel brand awareness, right? You're going to get the halo effect onto Amazon, as Alex talked about, and that's how you beat the freaking overseas competition. You beat them at the game of branding and awareness, because, frankly, they suck at it, and they don't know how to create good, compelling copy. They don't know how to differentiate their product. So if that's true, then go beat them at that game, which means all of us need to turn into real brand owners. And when I say turning into a real brand owner, it's creating awareness of your brand and your products off of Amazon, just somewhere else, okay, I believe that Shopify is middle of the funnel, and Amazon is like extreme bottom of the funnel. They're coming in very high search intent, very high checkout intent, okay, which means if Amazon's becoming bottom of the funnel, and I've already got all of these other things going on. Higher in the funnel Amazon, PPC becomes less important. In fact, anything that goes viral, we turn off the ads to that product, and guess what? We shoot to the roof in the rankings. I don't need PPC anymore on Amazon right now. I'm not saying we've turned it off for everything, but there's a strong correlation to that off Amazon traffic during Prime Day, we turned off our Amazon ads for our viral products, moving more ad spend to TikTok and meta ranking is becoming easier because of just the natural search, find and buy. They see it on TikTok, they open up their Amazon app, they go search for your product, they find it, they buy it, they check out. That's That's how everybody was trying to gain the algorithm, with reimbursements back in the day, right like now, it's just happening organically, no reimbursements. You can maintain higher prices than your competitors on Amazon because of your momentum off off channel. Okay, in 2024 Amazon had a profit, net profit margin of 6% this year, we've more than doubled that. So that's how we're making it change. The E commerce landscape is changing demand creation. I love this quote from Alex hermosi. I get happier the harder it is, because I know that no one else will follow. That's exactly what this is. This is hard stuff. This is not easy.

Speaker  882448:00
Creating a brand off of Amazon is not easy, but that's what we do. So this was my pitch at Innovate. If you want access to these slides, you have to follow my podcast. So I would love a follow to the podcast. If you guys would be willing to give me a follow. Obviously, I'll be dropping the slides, and any of this has already previously been shared, too. But Alex, there we go.

Speaker  889157:20
Good stuff, man. Good stuff. You talk

Speaker  889877:20
about your team a bit. Sorry, I know. Yeah,

Speaker  890986:40
team, real quick, I have a VA that's basically like the customer service liaison that is like going through the sample approvals, following the process to a approve them, not approve them, dealing with the interaction between the creators, like, Oh, I'm missing my sample. Blah, blah, blah. So customer service, I have my data analytics guy. This was my guy that was running PPC on Amazon. I took my top guy from Amazon, and I moved him over to TikTok shop, and I said, it's the exact same thing. Figure out the merchandising, our promotion strategy, figure out our advertising strategy, figure out our pricing strategy. He's a data nerd, so like, he has, like, SKU level profitability for us on TikTok shop. You're going to want that. And then the last part is, you want somebody who is, like, in it. We call them our affiliate director. So, like, it's just a US based person that, like, they reach out, they set up calls, they talk to our creators. They're in the WhatsApp group. They're building that relationship with them. So three people,

Speaker  908426:40
any of them, get, like, bonuses on top of,

Speaker  909242:40
yeah, the creative, the affiliate director, gets a bonus based on GMV, okay. Thank you,

Speaker  912282:40
Josh. I know you said this is 18 months of hard work. TikTok in 18 months has changed. Before, it was a lot of organic stuff. There is no GMV max. Now GMV Max, things have changed, and I see that you know more and more. It's concentrating to the big spenders. So what like for you. Page you're seeing you know, more and more goalie more and more on top of the brand, top brands. If you were to start today with what TikTok is today, with the govt bags and whatnot, would you do anything different than what you did before?

Speaker  922373:20
We only turned on ads for the first time after being live for a year on TikTok with just purely organic so that means we just turned it on in the spring of this year, like eight that March, April timeframe, we were late to the game with ads, and everybody's like, Dude, you're gonna kill it as soon as you turn on ads, like You've been on hard mode. It gets hard with ads like, your profitability gets really hard because, like, Yeah, I think there could arguably be a large lawsuit filed by all of us on there's, there's a number of people I've talked to where it's like they're just mismanaging a lot of those funds and not allocating a proper attribution that's a whole other separate conversation. Just know that, like, yes, I would turn on ads. I would have, I would set the ROI target really high, because it's basically your your row as or your tacos for all of your sales. So like, I would shoot for like, five or six Right, right out of the gate and be like, yeah, sure, I'll do $100 a day and then just bump it up accordingly. I do think, like it's worth it. It's becoming pay to play. That's why I say TikTok shop is evolving fast. It's like three years of Amazon's life is one year of TikTok right now.

Speaker  943162:40
And something is something to factor into that, if you're in adherent supplements, is they take credit for all your subscription sales too. So like we do, like, three, four grand of subscription sales a day. And like, in the morning our ROAs is, like, three or four or five, and then an afternoon, it like just drops all day.

Speaker  948592:00
Wow, wow. That's crazy. Yeah.

Speaker  950437:20
I mean, they, they probably thought, you know, you know, if Amazon can make 15 billion pure profit on their platform and ads, why can't we? So, yeah, but I mean, for me right now, like, I have a product that we launched, like three months ago, it's at 6000 units sold. And the problem with with us is it's not converting as good. Like we had one super viral video where she did, you know, I think she sold like 4000 units on one video, and then everybody else is just barely struggling, even though we put a few creators on retainer. You know, I pumped out, overall, probably 500 videos with creators, but none of them hit except that one Creator that did one video, she did one video, and it popped. And I can't just, I can't replicate her success. So obviously, she's good creator. She was, like, a 1 million gym creator that I got on board. My question would be to you, like, how would you like, try to repeat that success? Like, would you just try to turn on Yuka? Use that initial success from her video to, like, tell people, like, focus on these selling points, or,

Speaker  971674:40
yeah, I mean, it definitely gives you, like, an indicator of, like, okay, like, these types of, those type of hooks work. Well, I can still have a meeting and no, but if Chad Be quiet, all right, I know Chad give him a hard time. So yeah, what I would say is, yeah, you you take the hooks, you take the scripts, things that are working, and yeah, you put them in your creative brief, right as like inspiration, and say, hey, somebody else has gone viral with this. Now there are, I've got a guy who did over 10 million views with a particular hook, nobody has ever been able to replicate that hook like hook and get any momentum. So sometimes it's just like, I feel like TikTok is like a lottery a good amount of the time, where you're like, Okay, well, the exact same stuff is not necessarily moving. What I do know is it is all about volume. Volume matters a whole lot, and then it's just time in the game and not giving up right now. And that's why I say like, go in with like, a dedicated budget in mind of like, this is how much I can afford, or whatever it is, watch your profitability, because, like, that's the worst thing you can do is just like, Go tank yourself. Depends how deep your pockets are. But TikTok is one that you can you can bootstrap your way up. It's not easy. I, at least I haven't figured out the exact way to go replicate success, even with my VIPs. One of the most frustrating things is, like, I've got my VIP group, but the most viral people the last 30 days have been brand new, freaking creators, great, but not great at the same time. Like, I just, like, Could I just jam with my top 30 guys? That's all I want to work with. But no, like, it's the new ones that are moving massive volume right now. I'm like, dang it, okay, just rolling with it. So if I'm open to your guys, like, if you got something else different, but why that? We're all figuring this thing out. And I think that's the power of, like, these calls and MDs, like, go to the MDS TikTok event, like, the mastermind stuff that Alex and I were in. Like, that stuff's top notch. Like, it was well worth it.

Speaker  1011616:00
Awesome, man, we've come up on the hour. But that was good stuff. Josh super that was, that was amazing. Appreciate it big time. Belen, if I'm not sure much time, extra time you have Josh, but if, if we got to, if you got to cut it now, we can cut it now. But if we have a couple more minutes for a couple more questions, I can hang Yeah,

Speaker  1017477:20
I'll go. I'll go. Five more minutes, right?

Speaker  1018133:20
I can hang in here too. That's fine. Okay, let's do five. We'll cut it off at 1008. Pst, any other questions, guys, or maybe we're good. You post

Speaker  1021626:40
that QR code.

Speaker  1023146:40
Hold on, there's my calendar. Where's my slides? Yeah, give me a sec. I'll pull it back up

Speaker  1027184:00
calendar then squeeze in too much before we go to we're going to Sedona or Thanksgiving tomorrow, so we're trying to squeeze it all in. There's that QR code.

Speaker  1031765:20
And yeah, everybody be sure to go to iTunes. Good Josh podcast to follow five star reviews and then just listen to it. It's really good. I second that big fan, yeah, Damon was was on not too long ago. Check that episode out. It

Speaker  1037818:39
was and Alex, you're coming on, right? Yeah, yeah, got you coming on? Yeah? Any other questions?

Speaker  1040090:40
Yeah, right, yeah. Maybe Josh, real quick.

Speaker  1041664:00
Sorry, what was the what's the point of, like, the VIP group, like, what's like? What do you do with them? How often you talking to them and then, like, what's like? The purpose there, if it's you mentioned that the new creators have been doing well in the past couple days. So I know, like, the comfort guys do the same thing, yeah, all star creators, yeah, I guess what's a good thought there

Speaker  1047429:20
so a we've merged it into, like, now everybody's just coming into a WhatsApp group, and then within the WhatsApp group we have like, a specific channel just for VIPs in there that It's just, like extra support. I just basically tell, like, our CS person, it's like, anything they need. They get it right. If they want extra samples, they get it they want early access to the new products, they get it like that. Like, that's the level of support that goes in on there. And then outside of that, it's just like weekly calls with we started with our VIPs only, and then we're like, it's nothing different that we won't say to anybody else. And again, I think, like, we tested it out to say, like, can I get my VIPs to, like, go replicate it. My VIPs are still creating, like, 20 to 30 pieces of content a month, just on their own. Like, but we're just not replicating success. So like, I hear you guys when it's like, call, like, see, exact same hooks, exact same everything. Why are they not going viral again? Yeah, I've got a bunch of new people that have hit it. I don't know. I don't know what it is with the algorithm or whatnot, but, yeah, that's, that's what we're doing. On the WhatsApp side

Speaker  1066629:20
are the VIPs, the one that you have on, like, a monthly retainer. We

Speaker  1067754:40
have zero people on a monthly retainer. I showed you what Josh snow is doing. That's like that 250 to 500

Speaker  1070090:40
Okay, yeah,

Speaker  1070442:40
Josh, would you because I'm running my group on Discord. But a lot of these new people they are. They don't know what Discord is or how to use it. Would you recommend switching to Whatsapp group just for

Speaker  1074752:00
Yeah, that's the age old debate, and it'll probably continue to go on for the rest of time. Alex uses discord, right? And Alex, they mentioned it in the last I can't remember what her name is, but if you have creators, my creators are very they're women between the ages of 25 to 45 that's my sweet spot. And so most of those women are like discord. What like it? Like? Some of them are already on there because of other brands and stuff like that. However, as you guys all know, like it discord can be very overwhelming. So I'm like, hey, these moms, they're already in their like neighborhood chat group, or mom friend group, chat on WhatsApp. Anyways, WhatsApp like as we just serve. We just surveyed our audience, and they were like, Yeah, WhatsApp. So we just leaned into WhatsApp. So it all comes down to your ICP would be my recommendation. Yeah.

Speaker  1089712:00
So I use WhatsApp for my older creators. I use discord for, like, the guys that are doing, the kids that are doing AI content or slideshows, right? Like, that's Discord is probably where I found them, so that's where we're going to be. But anytime I'm bringing someone into my community, most of the time they're older, boarding up, they don't know what Discord is. And the WhatsApp, the new community feature on WhatsApp, is awesome, and you can pretty much do everything you can do on Discord with the community feature.

Speaker  1100762:39
Awesome. Can I squeeze in a question real quick?

Speaker  1101466:40
Last one, last one. Let's go.

Speaker  1101994:39
Okay. Thank you so Josh, appreciate you coming on. I'm wondering what the customer support role? I don't know if I heard that right? But I heard like, affiliate director, marketplace manager, and then customer support side. Is that, like answering customer problems with products and stuff like that, yeah.

Speaker  1107407:59
I mean, that's a very small portion of it, but it's mainly like the customer service between the affiliates, like, so like, if you're hiring for that role, just go find a customer service person and say, like, instead of dealing with customers, you're dealing with affiliates. Like, you're just, like, approving samples. I lost my sample. Can I get another sample? Like, it's the exact same crap you would get in regular buyer customer service, but it's just affiliate facing.

Speaker  1114757:20
So they're like supporting. They're doing like, some more messy work for the affiliate director, who's like focusing on relationships. Kat, 100%

Speaker  1117242:40
yes. Okay.

Speaker  1118010:40
Thank you. Alright guys, let's wrap it up. Good stuff. Josh, appreciate you big

Speaker  1119578:40
time. Pleasure. Thanks, Alex.

Speaker  1119898:40
We'll be getting together again next month, right before Christmas. We'll try to squeeze one more in, see how everyone's Black Friday Cyber Monday went, how everyone's Christmas season's going. And yeah, so next month will be our last one of the year, and then we're off to New Year.

Speaker  1124704:00
Thank you, Josh.

Speaker  1125056:00
Everyone say thanks to

Speaker  1125328:00
Josh. Thanks, Josh. Thanks guys.

Speaker  1126048:00
Hey, Chad. HL, take care. Bye.
