Martin Van der Plas (compressed)_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey. Let me start by introducing myself so you know who's talking to you. My name is Martin Van der Plas. I'm 55 years old, almost 35 years ago, I married my high school crush who became the love of my life. Together, we've got one beautiful daughter. She turned into a wonderful, successful Lady of 30 now, and since a year and a half, I'm the most proud grandpa of the cutest grandson in the world. Now, that's who I am, and not what I do well. Thank you so much. In daily life, in everyday life, I'm the COO of intellivi, and I'm not sure if anybody does, everybody knows intellivi. I heard there were 21 new members. So let me explain real quick what I do there. Intellivie started Mel solao, my good friend, started as an Amazon seller, and he was the one who started selling products, and actually in an attempt to find more consumer insights, he started building his own searching machine and his own platform for consumer insights, and that's how Intel AVI is born. And after a while, it turned in to become a separate company. And over the last few years, I helped mouse build both. And a little over a year ago, he asked me to take over operations of both companies, which I did. Now I'm here to share today. And actually, when I was asked to do so, I had a gazillion things going through my mind. What I want to talk about first time. So I want to do this wonderful good. And I thought about a deep dive market research thing. If that's what you're after, go find my friend Peter Paul, because he's much better in it than I am. But I want to share here today with you what is really the golden nugget for us in the last eight months of our company, when I entered Intel Avi a couple of years ago, my first question was, why on earth do we put all our eggs in one basket? Meaning 90% of our sales was doing in the US. And from this 90% almost everything was purchased in China. And I brought up, why not diversify? And back in the days that was considered heresy in our company, we said, well, it's not worth it. The market is too small, and we made good money in the US. So that's what we continue to do. And actually, I kept question, asking this question. And you know, there's one thing that you also should know beside my work at intellivie. I'm a full time pastor, and I see some fear here, but I'm not here to preach on you, but I can be very determined on certain things. And one of the things was, why on earth do we put all our eggs in one basket? And Mel's always said, Well, no, you will find out. So we became stuck in this thing that we were used to do. Somebody today said, complacency kills. Then, when I took over operations, I followed suit. And then at a certain point, and I'm not sure if you missed it, but on February one, the world changed. I mean, this is where Mr. Trump announced his tariffs, and he announced 10 20% and actually, we actually calculated this in our budget says, and we thought we would live. Little did we know, but by the 12th of April, that was 145% and you all been there at that time, we had worth $350,000 of goods sailing towards the US, and it scared the heck out of me. Actually, I lost a lot of sleep, because back at that time, we were convinced that as soon as it hit the harbor, there was another 500,000 euros add to it. Well, that turned out, thank God to be a little more in our favor, but we had a lot of stuff in the pipeline, so we sat down with our producing companies and we said, well, please slow down everything. Don't send anything often we managed to get a hold on that. And then the waiting game began, waiting for the US market to become normal again. Actually, nowadays we consider 30% tariffs normal, and we count our blessings. I think it's still not normal. And then what we did during the waiting is I raised the question again. I said, Why not diversify? Why not go to Europe? Why not? And we decided to do so. And I can tell you this, it's one of the best decisions. Of the year. Yes, I know it's only August, but it's one of the best decisions of the year. We decided to cheat a little being European myself. I know England, the UK, is no longer Europe, but we decided to use Europe as our jumping board, and we start introducing our listings to Europe. We say we don't have to do all the translation there. And then we can use the same packaging material, et cetera. And I can tell you how big the temptation was being European ourselves to trust on our gut and on our intuition. And then we said, no, no, no, no, let's live up to everything we say to everybody else that they should do. Let's start testing and for every listing that we want to do, we put up a whiteboard and there was 5000 euros on top, and we said, No listing can hit the market before you use your 5000 euro budget. And we start doing testing and testing, and I take you straight to the golden nugget. What we find out in the UK, actually, we find out that in the UK, for the products we were selling, there's no mid market. They either buy very cheap and disposable that they say, Well, this will last for a couple of months, or they buy high quality, and that also has to have a high price, because high price equals high quality. When we looked at our pricing in the US being competing with all the others, we said, well, if this is really true, we have to increase our prices with 25% to be honest. That was quite a jump, but we did, and this whole thing skyrocketed. And the beauty of it is that, as I stand here today, doing 500 units in the UK generate more margin, more money, than 2000 a day in the US, because of the extreme margins that are on. And then we start doing more research and more research. We did an image tag poll, and we said, well, how does it look like? You know what they said to us, it looks too polish, almost too good. It looks too American, being phony. Sorry, consumer insight, speaking not me, don't shoot the messenger. And we start tuning down our image. And we start tuning down the whole thing. And actually it's rocketed even more. And then we said, let's go and find out about Germany. You know what the Germans said when we did our consumer research? We don't buy online. Now that was easy for us to jump into our prejudices and say, Well, okay, you see there is no sales in Germany. And we said, let's dig deeper. Let's dig deeper and deeper. And we did our polling, and we went into real consumer insights. And actually the reason they don't want to buy online is because they want to hold the thing. They want to see how heavy it is. They want to touch it. They want to see how big it is. And when we did our homework, it turned out that you can do sales in Germany only. They need more details. They need very, very, very detailed specifications, almost technical specification that, to us, is over the top, but when you provide it, they're willing to buy then there's one that actually, really, I'm a little bit embarrassed about. We live in the Netherlands. We should know. Don't you think you know what they told us? Yeah, beautiful product. But in the Netherlands, we ride bikes. I know 30% of us do on an everyday I mean, that's our main transportation. And say your products stink on bikes. I mean, it's useless. And I want to have the product that I can use on my daily bike rides from home to work. And we start adjusting. Then the French, the French tell us, Oh, the design of your product does not match my look at fashion. And apparently, all of the sudden, things that we thought as normal consumer goods needs to be more design, and we start working on that. And the whole situation brought us to deeper consumer insights by polling, polling, polling and polling. And I can tell you this at the end of the day, the European market is very profitable for us, and we only started this thing. Now, if you think that we are at the Tel Aviv are the only ones that see that the European market is moving, you're wrong. I mean Kaufland,

Speaker  153333:20
who of you know Kaufland as a marketplace? Kaufland is one of the biggest marketplaces in Germany, and they saw the same movement. They recently expanded Kaufland, Germany being true and true and true German to France, and they already announced expansion to Italy, and they are going to do great, because they are. Very driven, and they are on this wave of changing in the market. Allegro is one of the biggest Eastern European marketplaces. They announced to go Europe wide. Same with EMAC, and I never heard of EMAC until two or three months ago, but only when we start digging into this market. We discovered that there is a lot more there than we thought there was. And actually going through this whole thing, you can say, well, the whole tariff thing cooled down. This is the pastor speaking. Don't act like an unconcerned tomorrow was promised to you, because it isn't the last. Tariffs given 50% to India were not even related to trade. They were political. If one boat blocks a very strategic canal, we are all waiting and queuing up with our goods to go to the US. And if there's ever a time that we figured out that diversifying is a necessary, this was the time, and yes, Europe is a smaller market. Yes, it requires special insight. Actually, I was shocked during the pronunciation to find out that 50% of you guys don't do any research at all being the CEO of in Tel Aviv. Shame on you. I mean, if we would have not have done the market research in England, we would have missed out on hundreds of 1000s of dollars of margin that are thriving in our company today, and our gut feeling would have never brought us to the place of increasing 25% of our sales price. It would be somewhere like 10% and then just start testing the waters. So to me, this is the best thing that happened to us, and I don't think that we are done yet. I'm not sure what's happening in the world, but political tensions are around every corner. The world is changing day by day. And I think that if there is ever a time to diversify, this is it. And I hear somebody say, today, complacency kill. And I think it does. So what we did is, what we've always been doing. From the beginning, we were entering those things that we use for ourselves into our platform, and we launched seven new marketplaces, and we're not there yet. While we speak, development is working on different marketplaces. Our team is doing research in different marketplaces, and I can tell you this, by the end of the year, we will add another three or four at least. And I think even more, at the moment, we're partnering up with Kaufland become one of their preferred partners to broaden our scope from Amazon to other beautiful, I think, marketplaces, and that's what we are doing at this very moment. And I think that in the whole situation of a changing market, this is what brought us the best thing of this year. And yes, we do good in the States. Yes, we survived the tariffs. We're counting down on the last 90 days. By the way, I'm not sure how the thing looks like in 60 days or 70 days from now, but the one thing that really gets me a good night rest is knowing that at this very moment, around 30% of our entire business shifted to Europe with good margins and with good profits based on good consumer insights. And we're not done yet. We are here today to share with you, and there's a special offer for you guys that gives you the opportunity to test your product in at least three marketplaces. And if you say, well, Martin, I think that Europe is too small, we thought the same thing. Don't make the same mistake. If you say, Well, I don't have the time for it. Let us do it for you. We've got a new white glove experience, and we do the whole thing for you, actually, because we are expanding rapidly, we partnered up with an agency that is specialized in guiding people like us to come to Europe. They take care of all of all the legal stuff, and they do a marvelous job, and we were willing to share that with you as well. It's part of the offer, and this is what we do, and this is how we do it, and that's what I want to share with you today. And for me, this was the best Golden Nugget I could share when I was asked to speak, they say you have to add value. This is what added value to a company, and I hope it will add value to yours as well. Now, are there any questions and answers on what I just shared with you guys?

Speaker  237978:40
Go ahead. How come you chose Netherlands for one of those over Italy and Spain?

Speaker  239450:40
Oh, given the smaller. Market size. Let me, let me tell you something about Spain. When we did the market research. In Spain is very, very, very price sensitive. And being a sales guy outside, I also have to be a sales guy inside. So I want to book success first before I dive into price sensitive competition. Spain has lower wages that are the other countries in Europe, and price sensitivity is very, very, very of the essence. Italy. Spot over it is going to be our next one.

Speaker  248277:20
Yeah, so it would be nice, maybe, I don't know, because you would need, like to show something to see an example of, like, a main image optimized for different countries, like for Germany, with specification the UK, not so polished to understand.

Speaker  253514:40
Obviously, if you're interested in that, find us at the boot and we will provide it. Definitely. I only had 20 minutes, of course, for a pastor, that is horrible. I mean, only 20 minutes. Give me a mic, and I talk the entire day.

Speaker  257024:00
Thank you. Why did you choose Kaufland and not, for example, Otto for Germany, which is much bigger,

Speaker  258832:00
Otto is bigger, but Kaufland is really on this expansion mode. I mean, they say we're going to expand to France. We were aware of that when we when we entered in Otto is not off the table, to be honest. Actually, we are working with with our development team on the marketplace Otto while we speak, but the vision of Kaufland and also the fact that we could become pre verge partner, of them really made this choice for Kaufland, and actually they are doing this expansion for us. They go to France, they go to Italy. So that's the reason why we picked with them. But like I said, when we got the taste of this, we're not done yet, and Otto will definitely follow. Yeah. In the Netherlands, we choose ball.com, you know, Bull, it's the marketplace in the Netherlands. It has nothing to do with Amazon, but we are focusing on there, finding the best marketplaces that fits with our products and with the things that we want to do at this moment, how

Speaker  274687:59
do you feel about the Nordics? Since Amazon isn't super dominant in the Nordics and buying power is higher,

Speaker  276287:59
good question. We discovered Sweden. Actually, we were investigating Sweden, and still do for Sweden, the whole ethic, shit, ethic production way is very important. And they want to be sure that that in the production countries where we go and where we source our products, everything is arranged well and and actually we need to work on that. I mean, when I say we got product from China, they are really, how do I say, kind of reluctant. And they said, now prove us that is that it's under the right conditions, produced, etc, etc. The other thing is durability. They are really in the green area, way more than the other European areas. So that requires product development from our side and also negotiation with our production partners. And like I said, until eight months ago, seven months going to Europe was heresy in the company that I am the CEO of. So we start picking the low hanging fruit, and the Nordics are definitely an option. Actually, we have a great partnership with somebody who's focused on that area, and I've got a call with him as soon as I fly back next week, and we are testing the waters there, but that requires NPD for us. What about Eastern Europe?

Speaker  298053:19
Are you planning to expand there as well, like homeland, Czech Republic? Big well, like coal mine Czech Republic,

Speaker  299802:40
because kau flan is actually going there as well. Yeah, to be honest, we felt we are really closely watching Allegro as well, because they are there and they have this expansion drift as well. Kaufland is going to be our first adventure there. But that's like testing the waters also for the products that we use to sell in the other parts of Europe. But yeah, definitely. And the beautiful thing is, when you partner up with a place like Kaufland, you get access to those markets because they expanding towards it and to us, that's the best way to expand and to try everything that we want to try, diversify or die, was not just a catching title, it's a necessary in.
