Scott Deetz
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Yeah, I'm going to start from up here so I can see while we're also pointing it up here. But you know, as Brian said, you know, I've got a passion in this topic. I did my first exit 2003 the guys in the back of the room are from northbound as well. I started working with Bill in 1997 Believe it or not, we went through the exit together. He went through three exits after that, it was life changing. And ever since the day that that check closed and I got the exit from my business, I knew that I wanted to help other people go through the process that I've gone through. So started northbound about 10 years ago. We've been in the Amazon space and the E commerce space exclusively ever since my first MDS event was 2019 if you saw me yesterday, Corey met him down there. Met a lot of great people. We've done, you know, 170 $5 million worth of exits of just MDS members, a little over 700 million overall. And you know, my job here today is not to tell you about what the exits look like when there were 82 aggregators out there trying to buy your business, but to tell you what you're going to need to do today to get ready for the exits of the future. So in order to do that, I'm going to have you try and imagine a fundamentally different framework for how to think about exiting. Okay, and I promise you that it will lead to a better result on your exit. But when you listen to what these slides are going to say, at first, it's going to sound a little bit different. It's going to take a new mindset. So let's get started. First of all, forget about what you want from your exit. From your exit. How's that feel? Second of all, forget about the multiple that you want from your exit. And third, forget about the cash that you expect from your exit. Okay, so none of that's relevant right now. Instead, I want you to listen to these words and see how this sounds. Who wants to say this out loud? I love my buyer. Okay, I love my buyer and the money that we're gonna make together, I can't wait to keep on working after my exit so my expertise can help my buyer. Okay, that sounds pretty fun, and it would be crazy for me to take a deal that was 100% cash paid up front, because I'd be leaving huge amounts of money on the table, and because my business, combined with the synergy of my buyer, is going to exponentially increase profits, and when it does, I want us both to be rewarded. And why doesn't everybody feel this way? Okay, if you think about how different that sounds and how most people come into an exit I was doing the coffee chats earlier and and the exact question was, how quickly can I get out? Do I have to stay on after the sale? What's the multiple that I get? And I really think my buyer is going to screw up my company, so I better get 100% cash up front. Okay, those types of buyers are reflective of the past, not reflective of the future going forward. Okay, there's probably a few reasons why you feel that way, though. First of all, most of the people in MDs that I've met, I've known, a bunch of my lifelong friends, are here. They're very positive about their business. Okay? They believe in their own expertise. Okay, however, they've seen a lot of what I call sausage making. You know, in this industry, Amazon shutdowns, you know, Tiktok on or is it going to get canceled? Is it going to be around all these different types of things? And so they're also very skeptics. Most of the people that I meet are sort of skeptical about things, and the less they know about a process, the more skeptical they become. The other reason why people don't want to look at a synergistic exit is what I'll talk about strategic buyers. And synergistic buyers is they might have lack of confidence in their own success. We read people all the day that come to us and they say, You know what, I was the first mover in my category. I got up there. I'm now the leader on the reviews. But competition from China is coming in, and it just keeps Hawking down my price, and I don't really know what to do with my business, and so I better take a deal all up front, and that might just be really what your business is. And you might need to think about, Do I strategically need to take this expertise that I have and be in a different business, okay, maybe even just run this one as a lifestyle. I met with Daniel yesterday from MDs, who was presenting on if you're going to exit to somebody else, that's great, but if not, you're still exiting to yourself. And maybe you run this one as a lifestyle business, while you invest in your second brand, and the third one might be, is you might have a lack of confidence in the buyer, in their ability to continue the success. Okay? And a lot of that is due to what I call the aggregator hangovers that everybody's still experiencing. Okay, your buyer, most likely, is not going to be a traditional aggregator that bought companies over the last five years. Okay, your buyer is going to be some version of an operator of an Amazon business, if you're Amazon only, or if you're omni channel. Talk about that. It's going to be somebody that's more strategic in your niche, likes your brand, values your business differently. So the whole buyer landscape has changed. The way that you want to sell that particular buyer has changed as well. So here's where you've got to think differently. I call it exits 3.0 exit 1.0 was pre aggregator. Exit 2.0 was the aggregator explosion, and exits 3.0 is all of the synergistic buyers that are now coming around, looking for great businesses to buy, where people see themselves as a business with channels, not as an Amazon business. So all of the things that we do that, as Brian said, I like to build new content for just about every presentation that I give. So I've actually built out a value creation map, and I'll be walking it through here. And I built it specifically for this presentation, so you can see step by step, what actually creates value in your in your business, and everything that we do is based on transactions that we've actually done out there in the marketplace and then show of hands who wants to know what their business is worth? Okay, pretty much everybody in the room, right? What you'll leave with here is whether or not you actually deserve that 5x multiple or whether or not that's really a pipe dream, and you shouldn't be really thinking about it, whether or not you are valuable as a one time exit up front, or whether you should consider doing something called roll to equity and selling it over parts, over time. So you'll get a road map for how to think about what your business is worth. So let's get started. If you saw me yesterday, or any presentation I've done the last six years, the number one slide that I always start with is, for most of you, more than half the money you ever put in your own pocket will come when you exit. Okay, we've exited dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of businesses. We've never had one owner that had more profit come out of the business from running it than they got upon their exit. Okay, you got capital gains tax versus ordinary income. You've got reinvesting in inventory, so unless you want to leave more than 50 cents on the dollar, even though it's harder to exit now, you should still be building that into the way that you think about growing your business. But the second thing that's true is that the second 8020, rule that's come about in this sort of post aggregator world is that most of the value that you create in your business will be done well before you go to market. Okay, I was talking with somebody in the in the coffee chat earlier, and they're talking about Tiktok shop becoming 30 to 40% of their revenue over the next 12 to 24 months. That's you'll see here, that's going to have a dramatic impact on the multiple that they get for that business. So it's those types of value creation activities that are actually going to drive the value of your brand before you go to market. It involves things like making sure you're properly capitalized. Do you have the right debt partner? Do you have the right equity partner if you want to scale faster? And a whole host of other types of things that you can do to drive the value of your company higher before you sell. And here's the if you take one thing away from this, a lot of people think that running a business and exiting a business are two separate things, because what happened when we all got into this industry is everybody ran their businesses, then they decided to list their business. They got four buyers, they sold the company, and 90 days later, okay, they're out of the business. Okay, that doesn't really exist anymore. And the roads of operating a business and planning for the exit of that exact same business are merging together into something that we at northbound call value creation or value enablement. And most of the things that we do are going to be better decisions for operating a business, and they're going to be better decisions for exiting a business. You'll focus on things like defensibility and excellence, and maybe get rid of shiny object syndrome. Of all the things that you got into, you'll focus on defensibility, and you'll focus on scalability and being able to demonstrate to a buyer why your business is valuable, which will also make it more valuable for you as you're operating it. And you'll oftentimes, we focus on things making things a lot more simple. Buyers love to buy boring businesses. Okay, as Jack Welch once said, he said, I only, I only want to buy businesses an idiot can run because eventually I'll have one running it. Okay, that didn't say too much great things about his general management staff, but that's the way that he thinks about that in that particular business, and so you'll be more valuable whether or not you decide to hold it for longer or whether or not you decide to exit it. So

Speaker  151925:20
there's three steps that I'm going to go through. The first step here is thinking of your buyer as just like your ultimate customer. Okay, when you put up a listing on on your product, whether it's on DTC, Tiktok or Amazon, you know not to just list a bunch of features. You're highlighting the benefits and the story of what your product can do for that customer. Okay, your buyer is nothing more than the ultimate customer, and they buy every bit as emotionally and irrationally as what your customers do. Okay, they'll always justify it rationally. But most businesses that we sell, we sell based on what the story of that brand can be in the hands of the buyer. Okay, and so let's talk about how they win, and when we understand better how they win, we'll be able to understand how we can win alongside them. I wanted to put this slide up because this highlights the value of omni channel. I didn't want to look at things that we'd done a year or two years ago or three years ago. These are transactions that we completed within the last 90 days, and they're both premium businesses. One of them, as you can see, million dollars EBITDA, 24% margin. Amazon business, three and a half multiple, 60% cash at closing, and then they rolled 40% of the business going forward. So if you're not familiar with what that means, it just means, literally, you decided to keep 40% of the business, grow it with the buyer, and then exit it over the next three years, as the growth rate of the of the business continues to increase, okay? And the buyer was somebody that knew how to operate businesses. And the deal got done in large part because the seller was electing to stay on board and continue to drive the business. Okay, same business, D to C, $1 million EBITDA, a little bit lower margin, slightly higher repeat customers. What do you notice? A little bit different on the second side, 6.2x multiple. Okay, that was the value. And then there were some things that they liked in it. They decided to roll a 20% seller stayed on board. They were highly cash efficient, and they had some tech enablement in it. But this is where some of you might be today, but where the multiple is skating to tomorrow, as Wayne Gretzky said, skate to where the puck is going. Is anything that you can do to position yourself as a brand that's omni channel. Thank you, Canadians, and that has a very big impact, not just on your multiple, not just on your business profitability, but on the multiple that you get for that particular business. Okay, so if you're not thinking about omni channel as a part of your exit strategy, now you need to be thinking about it if you want to give yourself the best chance at increasing your valuation. So what I thought I'd do next is walk you through when we say we have a buyer who really is that buyer, and I'm going to use a private equity company as a buyer. And if you're not familiar with what a private equity company is, think of it as they're in the business of owning businesses. That's what they do, okay? And a private equity company actually has three buyers within one they've got the private equity company themselves that gets a 2% management fee, and they get what's called a carry interest. So they only make money if their investors make money. They've usually got a pension fund behind them, and they're getting a guaranteed 12% return plus 80% of the upside, and the private equity company is getting 20% of the upside, and then they have a debt partner that is usually getting 12 to 17% interest, and they don't get any upside in how well your business does. Okay, they get paid out first, and they just get a straight interest rate. But if you notice, that's not a low interest rate, so they're having to debt service that particular business. And so if you look at it, structurally, you got the private equity company creates a new company called acquire CO and that buys either your company or the assets of your company, but up above them, they've got a debt partner and they've got an equity partner, and when you can show your business works for all three of those buyers, that's when you get a premium valuation. Okay, most people are just thinking about the private equity company, but I got a buyer up here called a debt partner that doesn't care how good your story gets on the upside. What does a lender care about? What's the chance that this thing goes in the tank and I can't service the loan? Okay? Very different buyers, but they're all in one particular transaction, and most sellers, when they're going to sell their businesses, aren't aware of the different types of buyers. So it's just literally like a listing when you don't know your customer. You're trying to put a product out there, but you don't know your audience, okay? So if you think about what's a win for them, and then we'll get to a win for us. A win for them is what's called an internal rate of return of 35% or more, and it's red if it's 25% or below, okay? And I'll walk you through and all of these things are available. If you want the spreadsheet, you can get it at the end, or you can get the slides. Essentially, what we're going to do is we're going to show how we're going to grow pre exit. We're going to grow with our buyer, and then we're going to help our buyer understand how they're going to exit. Okay? And if you're not thinking about how your buyer is going to exit, you're going to be leaving money on the table, because the number one thing that a buyer of your company is thinking about is, how do I grow this and then get out of it? Okay, so some of this might be a little bit small to read, so I'm just going to highlight a couple points, but I wanted you to have it if you want the slides afterward. I'm doing a $2 million business with a five multiple and inventory. On top. So I would say a good multiple in this marketplace, maybe even a very good multiple in this marketplace. So that's your definition of a win. Let's look at what needs to happen for your buyer to win. Okay, there's three ways that your buyer wins, and most people are only focused on one of them, okay, most people, if I ask them, what's a win for the buyer? They'll say, Well, if I can increase profits, right? Does that sound logical? Right? That's only 1/3 of the wheel. The other thing that they're looking to do, in addition to showing growth of EBITDA, they want to show how they can leverage debt, pay down that debt with the cash flow of the company, so that they don't have to write as big of an equity check, because that equity check is very, very expensive to them. So they want to do what's called a leverage buyout. They want to leverage debt to boost their returns. So the more when you're interviewing buyers in your next transaction, or if you're using northbound and we're interviewing them, we want to understand how much debt are they going to put on this business, because that's boosting the return for the private equity company, and if you can show that you're going to grow and have the cash flow to pay down the debt, all of that is putting more money in their pocket. And then finally, they want to figure out how they can buy you for a 5x multiple and exit you for a six or a seven or an 8x multiple. Okay, that's what's referred to as multiple arbitrage, okay, so if I'm in the stationary niche, and I've got three other people that are in the stationary niche, and they can buy them all together, and they can corner the market on stationery, and they can drive $2 higher price points on all of their products, they're not only getting the extra $2 a profit, but they're going to get a higher Exit Multiple because they've got more defensibility, And that multiple is going to go up from five to six or six and a half. Okay, so it's very important for you, when you're planning your business, then to say, Oh, if that's what my buyer is going to want, what can I do to increase my exit multiple? So what they're going to do is they're going to say, Okay, I got to write a check for ten million I got to pay off some suppliers. I got to leave some money on the balance sheet. So they're going to write a check for $7 million and they're going to use $6 million of debt to buy your particular company in this example. And here's what's going to happen, they get a win if you can grow at 25% year over year. Okay, if you only grow at 15% year over year, as you'll see, that's not enough growth for a 5x multiple. So if you're thinking, I'd like to sell for a 5x multiple, but you're growing at five to 10% a year, probably not going to happen unless there's some really strategic or synergistic buyer that's out there, but you're betting against the odds. Okay? And the primary KPI that they're using is something called compounded annual growth rate of EBITDA. So just year over year growth. How much am I growing? The second thing that they're going to look to do is they're going to look to pay down that $6 million of debt so that over the next three years, it's down to only owing $2.8 million on it, and they've got an ability to service the debt. As you can see here, they've got a good debt service coverage ratio, which simply means that they've got the ability to pay down the debt. And then the third thing that they're going to do is they're going to show how they want to be able to exit for a six multiple even though they bought you for a five. So now if you look at this here, this is a 40% IRR. So in other words, is, if you said to me, Scott, I want to know if I'm worth 5x okay, Who here would like to be worth 5x or more? Yeah, it seems good. I would say back to you, where is the business plan that you've put together that shows that you can grow year over year at 25% or more with cash flow, okay? And grow at 25% year over year or more, and show how you get more defensible and more valuable, so that your buyer's multiple is higher than the multiple that they paid you. Okay, that's the sales pitch that can be going on in your mind, and if it's not going on in your mind right now, that's what we need to do, is start doing the planning for that, so that when you do decide to exit, that's what you've got as targets that are out there to show you what the value of this business is. And the key point is, you're solving for how the buyer's buyer is going to win. Okay,

Speaker  307024:00
so once you've done that, and you said, Okay, now mathematically in the spreadsheets, okay, it makes sense what I'm worth now you have to define the plan that gets you there, okay? And when we do valuation planning with clients that work with us, we work with people, sometimes two, three. We took a company. When I met them, they were worth $2 million we worked with them for four years. We exited them for 60 okay. So some of this value planning takes years of time, which is why you want to get started on it early. And what you do is you baseline all your metrics today, and then you rank What is your strategic plan and your initiatives and your operational plan, and then you execute on that growth and expansion. And then you make sure that you have less risk in the business. It's what's called Business prep, or I always like it. They call it institutionalizing your business. This. I just think that's a funny word. You know that you're basically going from entrepreneurial to institutional, okay? But you're getting the risk out of the business, and then you're exiting. Most people haven't done these four steps. They just get a little bit tired of their business, and then they want to exit, okay? And you haven't then strategically built the foundation that you need to. So here's an example of a value creation plan sheet. So as you can see here, these are the drivers of the levers. And you might not be able to read all of this, but I'll just kind of highlight it to you. I can scale margins. I can scale growth rate. I can get rid of skew concentration. I can expand channels, and then you rank which ones not only increase the profitability, but increase the ones over there, it says the increase on my multiple, which ones will actually drive a multiple increase in my business, and then reprioritize the business based on things that not only drive profits, but drive multiple leverage. Because if you do that, the chance of you getting to a four or five, 6x multiple gets much higher after you do that. Then you look at your business and you compare it with what, who's buying you. I first showed this chart who's here, familiar with a guy named Ezra Firestone, okay. I first showed this chart to Ezra, I guess, eight years ago now, and I said, here's why I think your business is worth 8x while every other e commerce business is worth 3x and it's because he had metrics that were unbelievably good at converting on Shopify and D to C that it wasn't about the profit that he had in his business. It was about what he was going to be able to do for the buyer's business. Okay, so he might have 50 skews, but if he can show 4% conversion rate from a website and go into a buyer that's got 500 SKUs, and increase the conversion rate by 25% on all of those particular SKUs, his value is not just the profitability of his company. It's the strategic value of his company inside the buyer. And I want to repeat that so everybody hears that. You want to be thinking about the strategic value inside the buyer. Okay, and I won't go through these, but we actually have 23 different synergies that I've documented here, of where you could be synergistic with your buyer. So if you're thinking about, how do I sell a buyer on my business, I can cross sell my products into them. They can cross sell their products to me, and if you go through here, then you've got expense savings one, and then you've got intangible assets. And are there synergies there? So if you want a really good map on how to think about where synergy exists between me and my buyer, there, you have it right there, and you can get the slides to do it. So what we have found is if we work with people, and if you do value creation ahead of time, the operational business success does continue to happen, but you get the big lift in the value creation lift by focusing on your business, by being more defensible, being more scalable, being having better moats and lower risk. And so I just want to passionately explain to everybody here, it's not just about growing EBITDA and growing profit and profit margin. It's about showing how your business is synergistically value inside of your ultimate customer, which is your buyer. So then the last step in this is you define what your worth is in this whole system. So we've noticed that these worlds are merging together. You show where the untapped potential in your business is, and you'll start to identify with the synergies. Who should pay the most for your company? Okay? And part of going out and finding the right buyer is answering those questions, and these are the fundamental questions that we go through. There's a number of them here, but it's essentially how does, how can I improve these three value drivers, operational improvement, ability to service debt and ability to get a higher multiple. How can I reduce risk? Where's the strategic leverage? What's the role where I can add the most value, and what should I hand off to the buyer? And what should I continue on with? I was talking with somebody in this room about continuing to do new product development because that's what they're good at, or maybe it's marketing optimization, but that essentially is what you're looking at when you're doing strategic leverage and valuation planning. So once you combine that and you calculate that, then the final slide I got one or two left. Here is the old way of exiting was you grow the business and then you list it. The new way of doing it is to strategically plan your exit and then grow specifically towards increasing your valuation, and then you go exit. So key takeaways define who your ultimate buyer might be. Make sure your business is lendable and fundable. Look at a synergy map between you and your buyer. Show the strategic leverage that you can get for a buyer, and then start your journey along creating that valuation creation journey today, because it's going to take you a little bit a while to do it. So if you want to exit in a couple years, it's going to take you. While to have some of these building blocks in place. And last slide here, if you want help, there's two things that for MDS members that we'd offer as value add. Number one, if you want all of the Excel spreadsheets that do that valuation map creation, so you can plug in what your multiple is and see what the returns are that you would need to be to be worth that multiple. Just hit me up at the Scott at northbound group, Bill and Zach are in the back. Will be here where you can answer any questions, and if there's up to five of you, well, we can only do a limited number of these a month. If you want an hour of our time to walk you through hear about your business and design a custom valuation creation map for you. We're happy to do that, and use that same Scott at northbound group.com and set up the time. And then over the next 30 days, we'll we schedule about one or two of them a week, and we'll dive a little bit deeper into your business. And we'll really, you know, see, how can you think different about your next exit? Because it's not going to look anything like the last exit that you might have heard about or the last exit that you did with the aggregators. So with that, I'll just say thanks a lot for everybody listening in here on the end of a second day. As you can tell, I'm pretty passionate about the topic, and I hope that everybody thinks about valuation differently and thinks about getting the 8020 rule to work for you and get the financial freedom that happens when you exit your business. So thanks a lot.

Speaker  427061:20
Protect your equity position? Yeah, got it. Okay. So the question is, when you exit, what's the best way to protect your equity position and your royalty position? So they're two different things. So an equity position is going to be the amount of equity that you keep in the company going forward. And usually what happens in that scenario, there's what's called a your operating agreement with your buyer, and there's a whole bunch of things that you want to get negotiated in there. The typical ones that you're not going to get, they're going to be the majority buyer, so on many chances, you're going to be riding along with them. So what you're really trying to get is what I would call being equal to them in every rights so they can't take money out of the company without distributing it to you. It's what's called being Perry pursue, is the legal term. But essentially, what you're doing there is you're trying to argue, and then if you're in a earn out period, we argue that very strongly, that you can't tell me how to run my business when I'm in an earn out period. So if I sell my company to you, and I'm going to get payments over the next two years, then we actually write in the agreement that says the buyer can't take any action that would prevent you from maximizing your earn out. Okay? And those are the ways that you need to think about it from that side. And then one more, yep, think about IP,

Speaker  447594:40
like design patents, things like that, in terms of change

Speaker  448400:00
of multiple and then that same code, obviously, for so

Speaker  450496:00
long. So does that patent start those things value in terms of

Speaker  451472:00
things? Yeah. So the question is, how do I think about design patents and IP in general, and when they're when they're running out. So the first this is the most important thing to think about any IP, is forget about what the IP is protecting. If it's protecting something that nobody cares about, it's useless. Okay? So you have to demonstrate to a customer, to a buyer, that customers care about your IP. I have higher rating on my product, I can have a higher price point. People buy more of my product. So step one is to be able to show the differentiation in math like literally, this is why I'm succeeding, and this why I have higher conversion rate. Once you have that, now you have something that's worth defending. Okay, I think design patents are very good. Obviously, utility patents are stronger, but take longer to achieve. You don't need to have the patent fully done to be able to exit, as long as you gone through the provisional stage on a utility patent. You know, people know that it's first use. And I would say that in general, broader than just IP the topic that you're really talking about is, what is it that makes me differentiated, and what is it that makes me defensible? Okay? And if IPS our protection is a part of that great, if exclusive supplier is a part of that great, if channel optimization is a part of that. So I would put the bucket of IP as one good thing under defensibility. Or, again, I like to sell in stories. So I always just go to a buyer and I say, you want to know what the moat is around the around this business? I don't talk in business. The moat around this business is that they've got a better widget and it converts higher, you know, those types of things. Thanks, everybody. Have a great afternoon. You.
