Mogul Call with Dima Kubrak
Date: October 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Come to the mobile call. Really happy to have Dima back on the call. And I know Dima always brings the goods, so Dima really wants to go deep on supplements today, right?

Speaker  3152:00
What's up, guys? So let's pretend that I just said hello. Yeah, yeah. We have lots of things to talk about today, actually, if you guys want to. And Jamie asked me, like, Hey, could you give like, a quick breakdown on how to make products successful on Amazon, specifically in a supplement niche? And I say, like, Absolutely, it's just gonna take us about 17 hours, and that's it, so, and that's how the mobile call gonna last today. But then he said, I could you make, like, just the only most important part. Then I say, Okay, there's a take 17 minutes. So anyway, oh, by the way, thank you so much for for trusting and sellerize. We just passed the most complicated license for sellerize. It's called ISO 27, 001, which is the most, highest data security process. So it was very, very complicated. We've been we've been checked by Deloitte and other companies for the last two months, few of my employees got a gray hair, but overall, we passed, successfully, got a license, and pretty much where we're ready to go to to a big game. So salaries right now have 14,000 users. We're happy that we were growing, but I'm not operating seller eyes for the last two years, so it's pretty much autonomous and and I'm focusing right now on my factory, which is called ASAP nutrition. I just got in June, one of the highest licenses, called NSF license. It helps me to produce products for Costco, WalMart, over for the big guys, so which is a great news and and today we're gonna speak about consumables. We can talk about skincare products, pet products, and I'm gonna give you guys, like, some internal wins that we've been seeing in the last 18 months.

Speaker  37520:00
Let's go. Let's go.

Speaker  38021:20
Yeah, I was just talking about in the beginning, like, we jumped earlier on the call that I say, there's pretty much, I went to the AMZ innovate. I've seen two type of sellers, you know, the ones who are just completely lost. They don't know what to do, you know? And there's, like, some another group of seller they've seen there was, like, they made so high that they pretty much a little bit ignoring to the market and to the to the community, walking with a nice, cool million nine figure pages, which is

Speaker  46890:39
okay, some giant sellers around New York who, like, they're not really involved In much, but they do go to innovate, right?

Speaker  48640:00
Yeah, and they have a special hairstyle, you know, like with this wings.

Speaker  50496:00
And, you know, it's probably, it's probably like, the moment you pass nine, nine figure seller, you go to the barber, and they have, we have a special haircut for you. So yeah, okay, listen, I, you know, I love to, I love, I love to do a lot of jokes. That's why I've been kicked out for majority of the masterminds. And they think I'm not serious, but I am so couple things guys for you I would like to share before we get deeper into the consumables and actually making money, I would like you to focus on two major things that actually can cost a lot of money for you in terms of fine or government regulations. You have to do it if there will be only two things you have to take from this call. This was would be these two things, and I want to share them in the beginning, because probably my call is going to be boring today, and you're gonna leave early, so at least, at least you get all these bonuses up front and not at the end of the call. So the one is, is sales tax. So if you sell on Amazon and you sell on your Shopify store, make I don't know if you've been discussing this before that or not, but if you sell on Amazon, and you sell on your Shopify store, one of the major, major legal concern is that because Amazon placing your inventory across the United States, You have a Nexus. You your inventory, your company, basically physically represent themselves in every state in the United States, which is a big problem, because Amazon, on your behalf, collecting this sales taxes. They made a deal, you know. But if you sell on Shopify and it's the same entity, let's say whatever, Jamie llc. See, yeah, and it's, you sell with the Jamie LLC on your Shopify and on your Amazon store. You legally, real, forced to collect taxes on your Shopify store in every single state. In being enrolled, have a, have a resell license in every state. It's, it's a, it's a crazy remember back in the days that the company is like a tax jar. It's, first of all, it's a huge expense. First Second of all, it's, it's a lot of operations, you know, to to continue monitoring all the sales and and ongoing things. So make sure, make sure the company that you sell on Amazon and the entity you sell on your Shopify is a separate entity. And, and this will avoid you on collecting all the sales tax and being a Nexus enrolled automatically in every state. It's extremely important. It's a legal part. And and one day, one day, government will just decide to collect money. And you see, right now, there's lots of shaken things about how much government is actually looking into import taxes and other stuff. So to stay away from travel, make sure your Shopify LLC, or whatever corporation you you selling through is, it's a different Corporation from what's selling on on Amazon. That's Thing Number one, you know, do it today. Do tomorrow, you know, but make sure you don't, you don't put this to the next year, you know. Because if, if, if, how we say, shit hit the fan. You pretty, you pretty much, you pretty much, gonna be very surprised about how much money owe to the government. And Part Number two, you know, that's actually, I've got, I've been doing this for like years, but I went to accelerate in September. We've been talking with Amazon employees. And here's the important part, there is a huge gap. There's a huge gap in Amazon ecosystem, you know, and this gap is this, they still enroll in processes with the flat files, and you have to upload as much information as you could about your product through the flat files. But there's lots of lots of fields that you're not filling up, and they stay empty, and this actually create an extensive, extensive back door for any compare, or nasty compare, or even potential mistake when someone else have a contribution to the empty field, they can upload file with the red flag keywords, and your listing go down. So what do you have to do? You have to make sure you go inside the Seller Central. You download the inventory file, which is called flat file as well. Right now they they shifted a little bit program. If you want me to follow you step by step, I have a sop. Just reach out to me. I'm going to give you free SOP, how to do step by step processes. It's extremely simple, but have to be done by every single person for every single SKU, not just like once, it's not account based, it's based on Asian, you know. So you have to fill up all the information and make sure this information is is because if, you don't then, then Amazon call something like a, like a main, a main contribution person. So it's like a catalog system. Let's say, let's say your brand owner, your brand registered, and you, and there's, let's say 25 fields to fill up. And you fill up only 18 because you didn't know the seven also exist, or you have to put something because they irrelevant to you. And if someone else take this empty field and put their I don't know, like, say, Man enhancement, or adult or Viagra or something, you know, so then, if they upload this flat file only because this field was empty, anyone else on the market can be a contributor to this specific field, and your listing go down, and then good luck to figure out what happened. It's going to be extreme problem. But yeah, do do it as fast as possible, as well go. If you have someone in your team who does this, just go to him. Tell them, you know,

Speaker  149904:00
like, life, can you meet Imran? Can you meet me?

Speaker  151637:20
Yeah, you know, like, I pretty much speak Indian too, but

Speaker  154053:20
I think it was Imran. Yeah, sorry, guys, sorry guys, no worries, no worries. I think, I think you, you just say that I'm an awesome guy and you want to continue correct. Alright, so Okay, so this is two parts. That's important, then let's move on. Let's move on to the to the actually consumable, non consumable products, and pretty much my internal vision on how the things is going nowadays. So the reason why I opened factory two years ago myself, because I was having problems with the majority of suppliers who've been producing products within like six, 812, 16 weeks, or whatever, six months lead time, and I decided to take a control First I start to learn, hey, how the process works. And I pretty much been focusing a lot on delivering my own accessories, like jars, lids, bags, to the suppliers, pretty much trying to cut supplying chain issues and help suppliers as much as I can the factories to speed up the production. But even with this super improved, I would say intelligent. Can I call myself intelligent? Maybe, yes, so. So with this intelligent inventory system, I still was having issues with suppliers who was putting me in a production cycle that was about like six weeks. And if you want to grow you have to have at least 1218, weeks of inventory on hand. That's why I opened my own factory, just to to speed up the process and have a control that's why, every time I produce right now, for pretty much my friends and my clients, sometimes they call to me and they tell me, Hey, Dima, my Tiktok video went viral. I need help, you know, like and I pretty much overnight, you know, like, we just produce and produce, we just bring more people, more shifts. And it helps to because I understand e commerce business and Amazon business so well, and I understand, like, how important it is to do not run out of stock. Yeah, and another part as well I've seen, because I have, I have different brands, I would say, at the beginning of the year, in January, Amazon give me like a huge trouble. They shut down majority of my brands. They claim review manipulation, but which is, I assume was overreacting. So I lost everything that I was built for 10 years and, and that's that was kind of a big surprise for me, that pretty much legit seller with the with a good traction can lose everything overnight, like, all the inventory gone and, like, Oh my God, that's a freaking nightmare, you know, so and of course, I'm speaking about this like with with a positive intention, but majority of the sellers, if they got suspended, they probably it's their worst nightmare. They can, they can go through, but I can tell you, it's not the biggest problem you can face. You know, make sure the good part was this, for the last 18 months, I've been launching products every single month, and I pretty much dial in my framework on launches and and growing my company. So when, when my brands went down, I like, hey, my team was like, at that time, I was having about 150 people, and everybody was just, like, shocked and like, running different directions, you know, like, so house on fire and and then we pretty much reframe everything, and we just, I say, like, Hey, we're gonna do what we do the best. We're just gonna continue launching products, you know. So it took us about some time, and we launched our new brands in about May. Now we're doing around 800 maybe $1,500 a day profit from the new brands. And also, I acquired several companies. I purchased several companies just to feed my ecosystem. So overall, if any one of you would ever, ever experience a tough business, strategical problem, feel free to reach out to me. I have a framework. I have a meditation list that you can guys use as well, so it's going to help you to kind of survive through the process. But I personally believe this is the best extra times to launch products on Amazon, specifically in skincare and and supplement niches. It's extremely easy nowadays, extremely easy. Of course, if you're going to go into like magnesium niche, it's going to be disaster. You know, you have to be smart about picking the right opportunity. You cannot just like blindly shoot and think like you're going to win against against big guys and but the moment you you, you produce a good, functional product that pretty much gives the result to an actual. Customer, then people going to come back and buy a product. So they buy a second time, third time, maybe they're going to buy 12 times in a row and and that's gonna gonna create a snowball effect, which I believe is one of the the main reasons I do in consumables and subscription businesses in the last 10 years. Also important part as well you have to understand now Amazon algorithm is actually extremely broken, extremely broken. And you can see, and you can see signs of it, you know. Sometimes you can go on Amazon. You can type barberin, you can type colostrum, you know, and you can see two guys in the search results popping out Same, same as in, popping out few times. It means Amazon, unfortunately, not defined yet. And they do, they do personalized, I would say, view for each customer, not for each maybe customer maybe they go, go by regions. But overall, it's one of the main issues that I see right now that Amazon actually don't understand how their own algorithm works. And with all these updates, they just roll out yesterday or day before yesterday, they roll out AI suggestion. I don't know if you've seen this on the top of the on the top of the search results, if you type them any keyword, you can see the big field right now with the AI suggestion, Bs, because the sources I've checked, they all, they all unreliable and and the way they scrape the data is also very, very strange, because they scrape a lot of data from this. Fake websites. Majority of the supplement companies focus on this, review websites, top 10, top 10 sites, buyer guide sites, if you're going to go on Google and just type, let's say colostrum powder. You're gonna see this pre made guides, which is, like, kind of enforced, and it's one of the ways people like doing this, like an article, driven traffic to the to the supplements as well.

Speaker  276672:00
That's what they're doing. That's what they're doing for Google, SEO, right for what, that's what they're doing for Google, s, Google, SEO,

Speaker  278437:20
Google, Facebook, any social media, pretty much you you create, you buy 1020, products, you kind of review them, and they pretty much, you build articles. You multiply these articles, and you drive traffic to this article. So these articles. You just, you just make money, and you make commission. So it's one of the, one of the ways people been gathering outside traffic to Amazon listings throughout the years. You know, so and there's, there's a lot of service providers, companies we build our pages on zipify, which is very, very easy to install. Page guides, you know, like, I'm not gonna go in details how to do this process, because it is gonna take time. And if I just gonna give you, like, a basic framework, it's not gonna work, because it's a complicated process with a lot of adjustments. I just, I just want you to do, like, just go on Google and type best colostrum, and you will see exactly how the things are working around around the initial type, best collagen, or type, best super greens, you know. So you will see how the things works. And, yeah, another biggest part as well, when, when we launch products in in skincare and beauty now, the skincare and and supplements, we do research a lot of Tiktok, and we see what is popping out right now. Let's say right now the NAD pass NAD is popular, or glutathione, or, or, I don't know, snail Mook, you know, like, so there's, there's, every year there's five, seven new trends coming to the market. And you see this, these guys are just boosting everywhere, products, maringa, CMOs, there's, you can see this all over the internet and all over the Tiktok So, and then you see, okay, those guys, they are selling, let's say NAD in capsules. And then everybody like, Hey, okay, I'm gonna copy this guy, and I'm gonna make also money on the on that type of products. But the problem is, those guys, they're already penetrating market so well, they already cover an amount of potential customers with the extensive speed. Then if you want to actually make money out of this, I would say wave of the customers you you try to think about other. Way of consumption of this other form of consumption of this product. Let's say we're talking about NAD. They sell capsules. Then you're asking yourself, hey, what if I make NAD in gummy form or in liquid form, or in stick packs, or what if I do a cream with NAD? So technically, you're not trying to acquire specifically same customer. You you penetrating the same niche, but with a different way of consumption or execution. So this way the customer that already been pre framed warmed up, or it's like a hot cake. But everybody, like, it's like, a hot dog, you know. Like, so everybody buy hot dog, but you sell a napkins to the hot dog as well, you know. Like, so you selling a Coca Cola to this guy, you know. Like, maybe it's not a good example, because I tried to, I tried to tell that if NAD is already popular and NAD is already covering the market. You going with the with a different form of consumption or execution, this will help, will help you to, in an easy format, acquire those customers that already trust in the NAD, you know, and that will help to make actually majority of the money in a short period of time. What else I want to say? Yeah, another, another, biggest part as well nowadays, what I was, what I've been saying, is the Amazon algorithm is pretty much broken, not not like in a bad way, but you have to become more and more professional to acquire organic traffic, which is becoming extremely difficult and and and cash flow intensive. So nowadays, traffic and attention of the customer switching more towards the community building and and create an content distribution, meaning you have to acquire people who already have a following to produce content for their community, to make sure these people buy your product. But at the same time, it's not that easy to solve this issue at the scale, because you have no experience to do so, to build community or to access to those people. Sometimes they just not responding to you, and that's why we use, we use a lot of creator connection. Creator connection on Amazon, it's actually a great way to connect to those who have ability to create a traffic so, and we've been exp, we've been we've been experimenting with the Creator connection for a long time, but was trying to give up front coupon code for potential customer, for this creator, and then give him commission. Let's say 20% let's say 10% there, 15% there. And then we kind of just trying to plane and eventually we start to lean more towards just paying big commission to creator and and that's this was kind of a game changer for us. So we find

Speaker  371344:00
out what, what kind of commissions did you go up to

Speaker  372192:00
40% so around 40% to creator just to bring as much traffic as possible. Of course, it's not possible in every product, but in consumable products like supplements, it's, it's very possible, no, like basically just giving

Speaker  376789:20
them the profit from the first sale. So any repeat sales of yours,

Speaker  377973:20
correct, correct, correct. So it's, but look, let me give you a quick example. Let's say, let's say you're trying to make a liquid supplement. You know, it's gonna look like this. You see, it's one ounce bottle with the dropper. You know, the production cost of this product, potentially, regardless of the ingredients you put inside, you know, maybe it's going to be a slight change. It's going to be about $3 3.2 you know. But you can sell this product on Amazon right now, regardless of the ingredients, for about 40 bucks. 25, $40 how much you can pay commission. 4060, 70% you can be crazy about this, you know, so and, and that's something that people missing. They get stuck with the Hey, but, but supplements, it's over saturated. You know, it's like, it's like, saying an entire Amazon is over saturated and but then, then I tell them, Okay, guys, they asked me, like, hey, when the last time you launched on Amazon. I say like, I launched everything every single month I want. I launched in May. I'm launching this week. So I'm launching all the freaking time. So I can tell you the Amazon is the greatest opportunity right now to to even quickly make money. You know, so but.

Speaker  400000:00
You're mostly just using Amazon as a channel, right? Because you're not just launching, you're not just doing Amazon Marketing, you're you're doing Tiktok and everything else, right?

Speaker  402208:00
Yeah, I would say, we do Tiktok, we do eBay, we do Walmart, and if you're afraid to launch, let's say in USA, one of our biggest winner. I would say, like, it's a, it's a, it's it's always a winner. It's a Canada. Canada is one of the easiest markets out there. The only problem with Canada is regulations and but the moment you solve those regulations, it's like a green light, and majority of the sellers, they just don't want to go to Canada because they, they, they afraid of regulations. But the regulations is simple. The moment you solve them. I have, I have a list of all the of the legal providers who helped me with the certification to who helped me with the NPN numbers. And it's pretty much simple. You know, the only thing in Canada, it's, you have to have a special it's called NPN number. There's pretty much only three requirement. Three requirement, yeah, you have to have a you have to have an NPN number, which is enrollment into the health system by Canada. And the more ingredients we have, the longer it takes. But I would say it takes between three to 12 months to get this number. That's why majority of the sellers, they don't want to go. They want to make they want to get rich overnight, which is not true if you've got a

Speaker  423957:20
supplement that's doing $10 million a year in the US, and then you launch it in Canada, how much would you expect it, on average, to do in Canada?

Speaker  426821:20
It's irrelevant question, you know, unfortunately Jamie, because technically, you have to do research first and see how the Canada will react. But overall, you you, you would be able to make money. I don't have this specific answer to you, you know, like it's, it's product by product. You know, when we research, for example, we sell a lot of retinol products. You know, like in Canada, Retinol is restricted ingredient in Canada by percentage, or in a skincare that possibly can be made. That's why it's open an amazing opportunity, because not a lot of sellers wants to, wants to comply with these percentages. But anyway, let's get back to Canadian regulations. Okay, so number one, it's, it's, you have to enroll into the NPN number. And I've seen someone commenting that it takes about like 60 days for class. One, I would say sometimes take longer, about three months. But you pretty much right. You know, like John, right about, about this registration, 60 to 90 days. Maybe sometimes it can take longer. Depends on the answer and the problem with the with the Canada, they don't have a they don't have this. They have a expedited services. Another cool part about Canada, enroll in NPN. Number is free. You know, the only, the only cost part, yeah, yeah. John said it's a consultant fee. The consultant fee would, that's what it's determined how much you're going to pay. So technically, if you figure out yourself, you can do it for free, you know, or you can pay someone else. And sometimes they charge 300 sometimes they charge 3000 it's it's all depends on how either professional they are or how the greedy they are, you know, so. But it's very simplified process, not complicated process here, John, John, thank you so much for for giving this information, also for the NPN numbers. If, if, let's say you produce in Canada, you can actually or someone else has an NPN number. Let's say for collagen, you can use their Kat their NPN number to pretty much enroll your brand and be added to the to their NPN numbers to make the process faster. I usually don't go this route, because if something happened to their NPN number, your brand also is going to be affected. So maybe it's better to have your own number. The second part with the Canada as well, it's trademark registration. It takes about one year, but I think right now, I was having response from my lawyer. It takes about up to two years because they have a backlog. So another little bit problem. But the moment you solve these problems, you open yourself an extensive opportunity to to actually, to actually make good money there. And the third one, it's a double language. They require English in French on the label. So let's say if you sell, if you sell lines, man product, like mushroom products, you have to have a double language, at least for for non legal, non legal information. Let's say you. Can. You can still have supplement facts only in one language, but majority of things will be doubled in in and then you have to have a import license. This is something that I cannot advise you on my team was taken care of. But it's third part that you have to have this like it's called B, I think it's called b, h number or something like that. So if you, if you want details on that, I can. I also have this SOPs everywhere for my team I can. I can share with those who interested. You know, not just go and share with everybody, because just a waste of materials, you know, but someone in need. If you guys really want to go in Canada, I can give you guidance, like a detailed guidance, on how to do these things, pretty much, yeah. What I was also want to share with you guys, yeah, another, another, biggest part as well that I see a lot of people facing one of the gray hair, gray area that I see right now, a lot of sellers who produce supplements, especially gummies. They make them in in China, with all these import tax regulations and also FDA regulations, these things getting messy and and majority of the Chinese factories, they actually align about actual supplement facts, and it's true, like, the moment you send for a lab test, you're not going to pass it most of the time, and that's a big issue. That's why I see a lot of a lot of people, they shifting from from China based production, and how people actually scam in the process not scamming, but what they do, they don't write on their bottles or packaging made in China. They just write manufactured for or distributed by, and they write the address of the office in the United States. And it's kind of a super gray area. It's pretty much illegal to do so, but overall, some people, they take these risks and some win, some get punished by by the system. You know, and you have to understand one extremely important part, Amazon itself. Amazon itself, pretty much neutral. Amazon don't care about most of the most of us and processes. What they care about is those who actually affecting them, like FDA, FTC, like regulations, you know. So they pretty much pressing on them. And another biggest part your competition, Amazon is not going to scan your product, you know, like they usually what happening your competitors? They go, they go, they review a product, they see imperfections and and then they, they pretty much can, can send a complaint to Amazon, and Amazon can listen to them, and they can shut you down. You know that could be That's why, if you're planning to do a long term game, try to do as less as possible mistakes, I would say, because sometimes I've seen people just don't know about updated policy or updated rules. So try to stay within the community and and, let's say MDS is a great community. There's so many brilliant people out there, so don't, don't, don't, I would say, make sure, every time you have a question, just go to the community, ask the question, and community will help you. You know, they, they pretty much going to give you lots of navigation, and they're going to give you a lot of feedback. Like, for example, yesterday, I met a guy at the event, and he come to me and he said, like, hey, we have amazing service. We we do QR codes on the packaging for you, and we build a funnel that helps you to get reviews and all kind of perks. And you can, you can capture your buyer email. And they're like, are you serious? This is, this is completely, this is completely against Amazon tos. And he's like, how so like, how so like, I've been shut down for that, for cure code, you know, I've been shut down for having cure code for the for the refunds. You know, I've been selling, I've been selling colostrum, and on my package, there was a cure code 24/7, refund. So everyone who cannot return product to Amazon, they can scan your code, go to my chatbot and and get a refund. And out of 15,000 orders in a year and a half, I get 60 refunds. And Amazon claimed,

Speaker  557994:40
yeah, correct, and this is a major violation. I like, Are you freaking kidding me? You know. So, and that's like, and there's like, and then I ask myself, hey, it's not about how you even if you go to Amazon and you ask them, hey, is this allowed? And they can tell you yes, it doesn't mean there will be some another guy from another department, two years later come to you and tell you it's not allowed. Even I went to like, couple this, like a lawyers who help with, like, Amazon suspension, I showed them the cure code, and they tell me, and they told me it's a review manipulation. And like, Hey guys, out of your mind, like the company does 30 million a year, and you just tell me, and one on one and skew, there's a cure code, and you're saying everybody, everything have to go down so, and that's, that's, you know, like, so, that's why, when I, when I was telling that Amazon sometimes can overreact on some things, and it's okay, it's, it's actually okay, you know, like, you just, you just have to understand, as an entrepreneur, you will go through a lot of pressure. And if you're seeking for easy life and and always successful, right? And always grows, that's not something that you're going to experience in in upcoming years for sure. You know, there's lots of up and downs, and the way how you handle them, it's important. So I always tell to my wife, it's where you focus on. Because a lot of people, they, they actually live in between fail to fail, and they fill up the gap I live, from the from the from the win to win. So if I have a fail, I just doesn't count this. You know, my brain just canceled this, and have absolutely zero here for any new, new things. So Damon asked, like, but where did the QR code go? Point to? It went to my website, to it went to the official website, the company website, and on the website, you can, you can, you can request refund. You know that was how it was, because if you never, if you never sell on, on in supplements, or if you sell on supplements, you know, about two and a half years ago, Amazon enrolled new process that people cannot return consumable products due to food and safety issues. So technically, if someone buys your colostrum, they cannot return it. So and then also

Speaker  598821:20
now they can't. It's very difficult to Kat, if you're as a customer, it's very difficult to contact the seller. And if you try and contact the seller, you just get a drop. It just tries to get you to leave a review or ask for a refund. Yeah.

Speaker  602213:19
So No, no, no. Charles, I didn't collect emails. I was only providing refund to those customers. We even submit to Amazon every single communication for every single order and the return we made. And we never follow up with these customers. It was also only, only for for returns and refund purposes, you know, because people cannot return the product. And if you purchase on Amazon, you know, in America, people, people been practically trained that they can return anything to any store, you know, like. So anyway, without going too much into details, I can tell you that the process was pretty much very, very simple. But I what I'm trying to tell you is try to stay away from anything that interact internally with the Amazon system. You know, don't think that. Hey, you know what? I created this strategic thing. It seems like it's it's normal. It's not normal for that, for the Amazon. Amazon is freaking crazy. I had this premium support team, what we will spend like 5000 a month to them. They've been telling me, it's all okay. It's all okay. I even jump with them on the call. Say, Hey, we're facing review, manipulation suspension. They say like hey, no worries. It's always like that. We're gonna figure out we're gonna open you, and then three weeks later, they send me email. Unfortunately, we cannot help you with that. It's no go like heck, you know. So anyway, so that's pretty much what I will been trying to say another part as well, guys for for for supplements or beauty products or wherever, any products I've seen a lot of time sellers, they work with the with the manufacturers on like a full package deal. So they say, Okay, this product is going to cost you $13 to make. You know how we work with our customers. At our facility, we work based on B, O, M, bill of materials. So we always come to the customer with the with the proposition to say, Okay, this is, this is the product. Yeah, for example, the product has the product has a the product has a label that has a. Top, top thing. It has a lead. It has a jar. It has a product inside. It has a it has a scoop, you know, so it has a labor it has a certification process. So the B, O M is very detailed and and then customer pretty much decide if they want to deliver something themselves, because a lot of a lot of you guys, you're extremely professional, you already have, like, lots of connections, but will help to optimize the process. And we tell you, hey, for example, you want to customize lead, which is blue color compared to, I don't know, like a white color. You know, like white colors everywhere, but blue color require like, six weeks of production. So we need to forecast this, this process, and we explain in details how to secure your inventory in the best possible way with the minimum money involved. Because, for example, if you buy entire, if you, if you want to forecast this product, and you want to produce this fast, and the biggest problem is, let's say, just, just the lead, the lead itself cost like, what, 15 cents. We can buy 20,000 leads in advance, and everything else you can just, you can just buy based, or based on your production cycles. So and that will help you to to actually speed up, speed up with, with the process, you know, like so, or, for example, someone wants, let's say, customizable lead. You see, this be, it's a bloom, you know, like so they want to make, like, a customizable lead. And then you just this, this will, will take, take some time to, to produce, you know, but everything else, it's pretty much standard, the label, the the jar itself, even scoop. You see, these guys have, like, a bigger scoop. Sometimes we suggest to make customizable scoop in a different color, because, as you can see, that let's say the powder is white, and if you make scoop, let's say green or pink, it's much easier to find a scoop inside the powder. So I consult a lot of a lot of supplement brands nowadays with the way and direction how to go, and that's helped them to either optimize the cost of goods or production time or or be a little bit more unique. You know, don't go just with everything standard. You know, as as a lot of, as a lot of sellers, they you have to have some competitive advantage. What we have 46 minutes to go in a goal. Guys, maybe have any questions?

Speaker  683850:40
13 minutes to go. Yeah. One question was, what is your insert strategy? Do you put inserts into products?

Speaker  685738:40
No, we don't do nowadays. We don't do anything that interacts with Amazon customer completely. It's nothing. Look just amount of risk you potentially can get is, is it doesn't justify the outcome. It's much better if you can find a competitive advantage outside of Amazon. Let's say you figure out how to build multiple Tiktok accounts and drive massive amount of traffic to Amazon, then go on Amazon, get some insert with the QR code or review request and be shut down completely like completely wiped out. You spend years on development and money process, and then pretty much Amazon can. And the problem is, it's not Amazon. It's not like smart people on Amazon making decision. It's some like dumb person behind the behind the computer going through the SOP to shut down your brand, making decision, having no idea exactly what happened, and not actually reviewing the reviewing the actual process. Like, for example, the moment we submit the case Amazon, get back to us and tell us, hey, you've been manipulating vine reviews. And you know what they said two years ago, you made an Asian that gained 16 reviews, and you never sell this Asin and like, Are you freaking kidding me? Is it even considered a manipulation 16 reviews when the product has 10,000 reviews so far after two years of operations? Or they say, like, Okay, you gain 10,000 reviews in one year. But they didn't see that the product itself, it's a variation. And one of the products been existing for six years and and been gaining reviews for so long. And then we launched another variation that we've actually been boosting on the market with a smaller size. So as I as I'm saying to you, it's all depends on Amazon. Who is. Judging you, and if this person has actually intention to help you, but because if they have an intention just to blame you, regardless of how legit you are, regardless of your reputation in the market, they still can shut you down.

Speaker  724688:00
So let's say you are going to launch something in the vegan protein space, for example. Can you just talk to me about how you would go about picking what kind of product to launch and what your launch strategy would be, and particularly anything that you might do on top of advertorials and and creative connections,

Speaker  731194:40
yeah, so that's extremely good question, and I pretty much. Thank you so much, because I sent this question to you in advance. I'm joking. I'm joking. That's not true. So, so you said vegan protein. Let's say, yeah. So what I, what I usually, I usually like to give this specific example, and you will understand right now where I'm going to, let's say, let's say you decide to launch in the pet supplements. Okay, you decide to launch in the pet supplements, and you create in the product. And that's the worst idea ever you know, because that's what everybody does. You know. But what my suggestion to you, for you, you have to go deeper, and you have to not just launch product for sale, let's say dog supplements. You have to find a specific product that will specifically target it to the limited amount of community that will help you to penetrate the market and win that specific market. Let's say, let's say you, you're launching not just the doc supplement. You're launching supplement for husky. And I usually love to call this terminology. I call this like find your Husky. So when I when I consult sellers or help them with the with the strategic catalog decisions, I usually tell them, find your Husky, and they understand what I mean. I mean, find this competitive advantage that will help you to separate and target specific audience, that will help you to win, not against entire market, but if you target in Husky you you create an entire you have to understand, who is the Husky owner? Were there? How big is the population? Where are they mainly located? How many Huskies been sold per year? What's the, what's the average age of the Husky, and so on, so on. So what's the main health issues, or take care issues people have when they own husky? So going back to the vegan protein, vegan protein, it's a huge market, insane market, but at the same time, there's specific categories of vegan users, you know. So there are some people that are insane. Some people are like, normal, you know, like, some people just trying to quit the meat. So some vegetarian, some just completely vegan. Some like, let's say, like, vegan protein for people who live in Bali, just, I

Speaker  772688:00
have no idea about going for vegan runners, or vegan women in the menopause, or

Speaker  774021:20
correct? Yeah, vegan runners, perfect example, you know. So there is some specific vegans. They love to do marathons, you know, or maybe they compete outlets, you know. But they still vegans. You target those specific client, and you have to understand what specific nutrients they want to take, you know, because just creating vegan or super food product or greens powder is not going to help you, you know. So, like, I will give a very good example. I was having a client right now. They've been developing green powder, greens powder and and then they have amazing profile. I've looked at like, is great, you know. But then I said, Hey guys, there's one issue in your greens powder, you added few grams of collagen, bovine collagen, into it. And do you understand that by adding this, like one over 100 ingredient list, this collagen, you you cancel an entire niche of vegan, vegetarian people. So by having this little mistake of one gram inside the entire ecosystem is going to kill the deal. So they remove this collagen, and now they can claim they sell vegan or vegetarian super greens. I'm not saying this is going to define their winning strategy. But what I'm trying to say, you have to be very strategic. You have to actually learn and this and understand what specific client you have to target. Or, let's say, a good example, let's say there's a there's a magnesium, magnesium niche, and everybody, like a lot of people, sell magnesium. This niche is pretty much a lot of people like, let's say companies like a pure double wood, the other companies, you know, like, they, they all create this nice looking, medical looking designs. But then, at the same time, if you look at the niche like that, you like, hey, but how about people who like toxic, acidic designs? You know, something that will stands out. There are some part of the communities they love this type of designs, you know, you don't have to acquire entire magnesium niche, but you have to target people who love a specific way of the design, you know. So for example, let's say bloom. You see this like a creamier looking, nice Instagram looking design, you know, but think about someone who likes to have completely flashy design, just just a little example. Why I? Why I'm drilling so much into the product development and and brand vision, because it's pretty much going to set up 80% of your winnings, winning strategy. The only reason was extremely successful with the product launches, because we're extremely deep and targeted in the product development process. We were analyzing color trends, because a good example is this, when you are buying like, when, when any woman buy a skirt or a t shirt, you know, they think they like this t shirt or this specific color, they don't. They don't understand that. This entire process, it is programmed to you by designers, by by big companies, just to make a color trend this year, for example, last year, a year before that, there was a green color was popular. Everybody loves the green color. Everybody buys G wagon in the green color. You know, like skirts, you can see it's everywhere, you know, then a pink color. You know, everybody likes fuchsia pink color. So you have to see what direction companies are going. And it's easy to actually spot you just go to big companies, mass companies like Michael Kors, coach, and you can see what type of color they trained in right now, what type of vision they trained in right now, and pretty much my wife, she my wife and her team, creative directors, they sit in day and night gathering all this information about how exactly the brand may look like that will make potential attraction, how to find the Husky idea and implement into the catalog that we are building. So,

Speaker  844810:40
okay, so found, I found my niche, you know, my husky supplement, or my vegan protein for runners. I understand the customer. I've got the branding right, the packaging right. What's the sort of final stages to launch it on Amazon in your website.

Speaker  848672:00
Yeah. Then the second important part, since you defined this, which is, believe me, or not, 99% of the sellers I consult, they come to me and they say, we already defined the process. Look at this. I say like it's complete. No goal. It's a BS. You know, you are failed, and I can prove you by this, this, this and that, you know. And even because you win peak food test, it doesn't mean freaking anything, you know, so. But let's say you define this and you understand the process, everything is perfect, yeah. Then, based on this, you creating a content profile. The content profile that will will be distributed through the Tick Tock and other social media channels to make sure you acquire a specific Husky that you actually targeting. That's extremely important, okay, and, and that's that that's one of the biggest process of the of the entire niche. So then, of course, you you understand, Okay, since I defined the process, I have, we have a several teams working on, on, on the constructing the the idea of the brand. First, it's a it's a technical advantage, meaning we're creating an SEO file with all the keywords that potentially we're going to acquire through the process of lunch. So let's say it's a 17 keywords. I've been doing a lot of these presentations in the past, and I've been saying, Hey, this is a coffee mug. You know that this is Starbucks coffee mug, and it's there's only limited amount of keywords that you can use to find this specific product on Amazon. You cannot find this product by typing collagen powder correct. So you have to find this money keywords that will help you to to actually identify your product based on this. You also build a design of the product and and marketing message. So then you launch product on Amazon. You create a vine. Listing, and then you you get, let's say, 1625, reviews. And from that moment, you can start to to launch Tiktok campaigns, and you can start to launch PPC campaigns on Amazon. You create the Creator connection and and pretty much, you monitors the performance of this metrics. So for example, for PPC, we always try to stay above 12% conversion rate on keywords with targeting. If it's lower than that, then there's some problem in in either marketing message, in a design, in the price. So that's, that's could be an issue too. And then my wife, she creates a tons of content for Tiktok. And the way, how she creates the content for Tiktok, it's a combination of authentic videos she records, and the combination with the AI, I would say it's about 70 to 3070. 30, 70% it's what she records herself, and 30% of what she enhanced with AI that's helps her to to get a better views on on Tiktok, and it drives pretty much, uh, significant amount of signals to Amazon.

Speaker  901504:00
Awesome, Tina, making me, making me, trying to think of some ideas. Now. All right, so if anyone wants to get in touch with you, what is the best way? Say again, if someone wants to get in touch with you, what's the best way nowadays?

Speaker  906021:20
Yeah, you know, it's Wow. Let me show like I have, I have my email and all that I can, I can share with you guys, and that's pretty much gonna help you to stay in touch with me. Let me show you. So that's where is that?

Speaker  911194:40
Well, now you're in SAS manufacturing and E commerce, so,

Speaker  912368:00
yeah, you know, like, I actually love to solve complicated, complicated processes. So guys, if you, if you, if you would like to just reach out to me. I have an ASAP nutrition you know, it's company with NSF certification. We can do capsules, powders, stick packs, like electrolytes and liquid supplements. It's a quick turn turnkey manufacturing for for you, always reach out to me. I would help, happy to help you to give quotes, or it's a basic navigation, because a lot of people, they sometimes call me and ask me, Hey, Dima, my factory fucked me up, you know, like, what should I do? And, you know, like, at least I can give you, like, basic navigation in that direction, even though, if you're not my client, it's still fine. You know, like I, of course, I focus a lot on on producing inventory. I I do a lot of strategic partnerships When I join a brand as a manufacturer, to make sure you have less pressure on, on, on production. Let's say sometimes I see people come to me and say, Hey, I pay $8 per unit, and we can produce for 4.5 it's a huge advantage, you know, with the faster production. So you can always go to my phone number, or you can just send email to partner at ASAP nutrition that yes, and guys, I'm going to help you with that as well. So let me just switch back to here. That was pretty much it.

Speaker  933104:00
Thanks so much for coming on. You guys are going to see an air table link coming up soon, so that'll just be where you can give us some feedback, which I always appreciate. Anymore, Scott, let me know

Speaker  936805:20
another, another, biggest part I want to share with you as well. Sometimes one of the biggest problem that I've seen people have. They they don't have a clarity how to actually choose a product to sell. And for them, it's extremely complicated process, if you would like to, because it will take maybe another 40 minutes, but we can schedule another call where I'm practically on a live call, can help you to pick several products to sell, and this will be your golden goose to make money. I have, I have my framework how I choose the products, and I can share this framework with

Speaker  948240:00
you so we could do it as a sort of work along type thing. You say you would just take an example and work for it, or you'd give people prompt and they could pick up the could pick up their find their

Speaker  950405:20
own idea. No, yeah, I will. I would show you how I choose products we're gonna sit on on a call. But I only need people who, not just like I would say, I know they don't know what to do, you know, just, they just jump on the call. I'm interested in people who actually interested in in increasing and launching products. So because this knowledge is actually my practical way to choose products. So you come on a call and you have to participate, not just being behind the behind the computer. You have to be in we have to interact. You know, for one hour we will interact. Back with the group, and this how we're choosing the product. Because if I just, if I just go myself and show you like path to a winning product, you may not be able to replicate this path, but if you actively participate in and you understand the psychology behind the choosing the product, same is like, you know, like, let's say, my wife, when she develop a product, it's, it's a very, it's very complicated process. Of course, I tried to explain it in a simple way, but the moment you you see, you kind of stay behind my back and you'll see exactly what I'm doing. You can replicate step by step process. Maybe you will not be as as good as as as I am at the beginning, but the more you practice, the more successful ASINs, and the more the moment it clicks you like, oh my god, you know, like, I can do everything right now. So like, as I'm telling you, I'm launching products pretty much every week and every month. So depends on my personal budget, or depends what we're doing in the company and how we're expanding, how fast we're expanding. This helps me to to have a practical experience on a daily basis, exactly how we navigate and choosing, developing and growing so and every one of you guys you can I

Speaker  981200:00
definitely need to launch a consumable product. Look, because I think it's launching non consumable products is really hard. So like, yeah, how much harder it can be to launch something that actually has some repeat purchase to it.

Speaker  985557:20
Because, look, imagine this way, you don't you don't have any products, you don't have a consumable, or you don't have a non consumable. So why would you choose non consumable? If you can choose consumable?

Speaker  988426:40
I mean, like, I asked myself that question quite a lot, yeah,

Speaker  989610:40
yeah, you get you, you decide in the path, you know, like, you decide in the way your company will go. And, oh, another amazing part I want to share with you. Look, I have a fulfillment center correct. So I do a lot of fulfillment for big, small sellers. We do daily fulfillment. We do preparation for Amazon. We do a lot of removals. So what I've seen, because we analyze company profiles and who our clients, how we can help, how we can enhance their services, and I can tell you the most stable companies throughout the years who make consistent money and grows. It's a companies that have consumables, supplements, skincare products and like some some things that people buy. Like, I cannot share some of my clients with you, but there's, there's, there's a there's a majority of the customers that constantly increase in amount of inventory and services for themselves, you know, like they process more. It's a consumable. Companies, supplements and beauty clothing. We do a lot of these guys, you know, those of the guys who does one time products, they mainly in and out, you know. So,

Speaker  1009088:00
so if you guys want that, make sure you fill out the air table and ask specifically for that. And if we get enough people asking for it, I will get in touch with Dima and I will get that organized. But I've got to go. I'm on holiday. I'm actually late for the kids to go, so I've got to go and meet Kayle and the kids. But thanks so much, Dima. Thanks everyone for coming on. We got Dorian Gorsky on next week. Really appreciate it. Thanks guys.

Speaker  1015253:20
Bye, bye, bye, bye, everyone.
