Tracy Lin
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  1360:00
All right, it's 345 in the afternoon. Are we ready to learn some Chinese? So just a little bit about me. I was born and raised in Guangzhou, China. My home is 20 minutes from the Canton Fair. I am stereotypical in a way that I love to go to Costco. I am not stereotypical in a way that I don't know how to play ping pong at all. I also don't do any black hats, not at all. But I'm tuned into a lot of Chinese WeChat groups that tells you about how to do black hats. And if that's another story, if anyone is interested, let me know. I just kind of figure out, you know, I keep progress of what they're doing so that I know how to combat like some bad actors, I play a lot of tennis and I see a lot, so my knees are very important to me.

Speaker  17359:59
I have two kids. I live in Boston.

Speaker  18384:00
Today, I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to use retina as your sourcing guide. So I think everybody has heard a little bit about retina

Speaker  21264:00
when Tiktok was banned for like five hours.

Speaker  22325:20
So my

Speaker  22725:20
understanding is, well, so in China right now, we don't use search engines anymore. We use retina and Tiktok as their search engine. But I don't think in the US we can download the Chinese version of Tiktok. So retina become one of the only one platform for you to learn something local. How do I use retinol as like a sourcing guide? Well, how do I read Chinese? Because it's all Chinese. I mean, certainly you can do the setting there to change the language to English. However, you only see the top titles being English, but all the posts are still Chinese. So what do you do next? There is a screenshot function in your Apple phone. You can just, like, screenshot it, and then, like, there is, like a crop and scale or select text. You select that little thing there, and then you'll be able to see, like, all the posts. I know it's really small, but these are all English now, so you can, like, kind of scroll through the post and try to understand what the post kind of talk about before you click into it. So how do i Well, the second part of how do you read Chinese on Retinol is right, like when you click into the individual posts. For example, this post actually talks about, like the summary of all the wholesale markets in Guangzhou for sunglasses. Yeah, I sell in women's fashion. So that includes sunglasses. So that's like an example that I give you. And how do I translate that whole thing? Right? So first you can translate the image by clicking. There's a thing here for you to translate. It's it's right in retina. You don't have to download any other thing to translate it. And then once I do that, well, it's actually interesting. It translates all the text within the image, for example, like this, like billboard in like, one of the wholesale market building like it. So it actually translates the text of that billboard as well. So it kind of translates everything on the image too here. And then if you want to read the text part of that whole post, there is a translate function at the very end. So this post actually talk about something really interesting, right? It tells you all the different buildings in Guangzhou that would have sunglass wholesale shops. And they actually describe to you like, what are the features? Like, higher price, like high end, better quality. Or they focus on like, you know, like FDA approved sunglasses, or, like, cheaper sunglasses, what kind of plastic material? So it talks a lot about that. So you can get a good summary of like, which wholesale markets are your choice to pick. So why do we how do we use retinol, right? My I think you know certainly, if you go to China, use that as your guide. I love those summary posts because it just, like, tells you, if you want this certain product, like, where in China, you can find, like, a big wholesale market for that product, and also analyze, like, different wholesale options for you. Like, it's down to like, in Georgetown province, there's like this city, it sells like whatever, and then like this town, it sells whatever, like, it's good for what? Well, you can say, well, I can search chat GBT for it. Honestly, this may come from an AI tool, but you have to understand that like, like. AI tools have difference, like, between the English language source and the Chinese language source. So a lot of this, even if they come from Ai, it comes from the Chinese version of AI, not chat GPT, we call Dao Bao. That's another story again. So, you know, it's more localized. It knows more about, like, local Chinese stuff that particular AI, if they use AI to generate this. So you can also cross referencing with your Alibaba options. For example, like, I sell fashion jewelry, I would know, for example, like, if the manufacturer, like the I would ask the Alibaba manufacturer, are you from, like, northern Guangdong? Because if you're from there, I know that your sterling silver is really cheap, but not as very good quality, maybe not like Western standards. But if I like a check with a Alibaba place, just like they're from, like around Guangzhou, then I know that the sterling silver quality is probably better, but off a higher price point. So that's kind of cross referencing you can do. And then you know, just if you have a sourcing agent, just like, talk to him, like, keep them on their toes and stuff, just so that, just so that they know that you know stuff as well. All right, so the next platform, Taobao, like, it's not just the equivalence of Amazon. Really, you can actually find a lot of cheap resources there. I think the one that you would really want is the one that's easy for everyone to get. Would be like, product photography service. Because, you know, you don't have to talk a lot. You just like, ship them your products, and you look at their samples. If that's the feel you like, you ask them to, like, you know, take a shot of your pictures. Like, send you some sample pictures and stuff. So I get, like, $10 per image. Like, with the photography itself, they do all the photo shops, and I sell in fashion jewelry. So pictures are everything to me. You can see that I actually get pretty good quality stuff for like, $10 per image. And then I can get $1 per image, like photoshopping, like the way I want. So what you can also find a lot of logistics companies here on Taobao, just like, translate it. You can figure it out. I don't think I have enough time, but, like, another thing you can do with Taobao is you can find product ideas from it. Usually what I do is I go to Taobao and find, like, more creative product ideas, and then I go to Alibaba and be like, Okay, I want to do this, this and that. What's your capability and things of that nature. Okay, so the last thing that I'm going to talk about is WeChat. Is the platform you would want to move your conversation over. You can actually buy samples and do small payments there too. You don't need to have a Chinese bank account. Just like if you have a sourcing agent, just send them some money and then ask them to transfer to your WeChat wallet, and then you can use the WeChat wallet to pay for small amounts without a Chinese bank account. I think I'm really running out of time here, so I still have, like, more slides, but I think I'm going to stop here. If you have any questions for me,

Speaker  134965:20
do they speak English? Those people on top of

Speaker  136357:19
they don't, but that's a great question. So you would just use, like, translation software, mostly, I think a lot of the Google Translate tools widgets are pretty useful. That's why I say, like, product photography is probably the easy service that we can get. We just go there. There's like, a chat tool native to Taobao that you can use it and then just translate some stuff. But again, it's for easy conversations, true.

Speaker  144400:00
So, you know, there's, I realize there's the difference between the Chinese 1688,

Speaker  145808:00
but just the English Alibaba, right? It's true. Yeah, yes. I go to the Chinese one, yeah. I think the Chinese one does have lower price for my categories of things. Yeah, so I Yeah, because I speak Chinese, so I just like talk to them, but I think, like, It's nothing difficult to translate some initial conversations. Usually, if they ever do business with like US companies, they would have like,

Speaker  154341:20
a junior staff who can speak English and then later be, like, connected with you. And what did you search in that original the social app that you were showing, like a Tiktok,

Speaker  157194:40
the retina, yeah, you just like, search on your app store.

Speaker  158282:39
I'm saying, what would you do? What was the search where they used to get all those

Speaker  159386:40
videos? Good question. Again, you would like translate that into Google Translate, and then, like, for example, all I put in is just like sunglasses wholesale market in Guangzhou. That's all I did. And then it'll come up. You.
