1. Jason Hanan_1
Date: July 09, 2025

Speaker  1264:00
Steve, hello everyone. There's definitely some familiar faces and some new faces. So for those who don't know me, I just want to tell you a little bit about myself. About in 1996 we used to have retail stores in Manhattan called entertainment outlet. Think like Tower Records, type stores. We used to do retail. We used to do wholesale. We were selling on Amazon with that inventory since 2001 so we have a very, very long history on Amazon. In 2008 I actually suffered from something called surfers myelopathy, which is something that happens, super rare. Happens to first line surfers. It is a stroke of the spinal cord, which actually left me paralyzed for about five days, and I was in rehab to learn how to walk again for about a year. The main thing that changed in my life from this is, as a company, we really had to lean into automation. So my partners who were working with me needed to take the information that was in my head and try and figure out how to automate all of these processes. So before that, I was very much loved staying up late work till three o'clock in the morning. I don't need help with anything. I got it. After that, things had to change. So we really leaned heavily into software. We also created a group for this surface myelopathy to help others with, you know, surface of myelopathy. So we're trying to really lean in and help, you know, other people that have this super rare thing. So in as the music world kind of started to die. We needed to take this, you know, Amazon knowledge that we had and turn it. We turn that into an agency. We have a warehouse. We, you know, we knew how to do all these things that were Amazon related, so we pivoted and just started to represent other sellers with all this software that we basically built over the years. And we turned that internal software forward facing to a software called Easy seller kit, which is basically a full business reporting tool that does automated pricing. The reason I'm really telling you all this is just, we're I'm lucky enough to have insight into tons of seller tons of sellers information, tons of communication with sellers, and they all really, you know, talk to me, and we were talking to them, and we really learned from them, and just are blessed to have so much insight into kind of what's happening in the Amazon space. So today's presentation is really going to be discussing spotlight skew, which is something that is not as clear as you would think on Amazon. So the concept is there's a variation listing, which is kind of like you see here. There's a set of gloves, 100 count, 200 count, 1000 count. There's small, medium large, extra large. So Amazon, for specific keywords, will actually show different items which really can have different prices in the search results. So there's only one item that shows up in search results for a specific keyword. So this is a super important thing to understand, because if you have the wrong thing showing up in search for different keywords, things are different. So what we did was in order to solve this problem, so all the keyword trackers that are out there, Helium 10, Data Dive, data rover, all these we were asking them for years, I need to see which variation is showing up in search so they don't tell you. So we would see our keywords going our keyword ranking go up and down. We have no idea why. We used to track this manually, so on a spreadsheet, put the asin into a spreadsheet and track it. And how often you know? How many variations can you do this for? So we would do the top listing, and that's what we would do. We eventually started to build out our own version of this tool, which does keyword tracking. So what this does differently is we're actually linking to the account sales. We blacked out their sales just for this, for the presentation, but we're syncing with the accounts data, pulling in quantity of the parent listing, because you really want to understand how the parent is performing, we're pulling in inventory data, your ad spend and tacos, your session data and conversion rate of the entire parent listing, with sales data on the top and then on the bottom, we're going through the different keywords for that specific listing to try And you know, show which one is showing up in search. So we give you the example here. I'm not sure if you can, you know, see from far, but I'll kind of show you here that for the keyword gloves, which has, you know, tremendous search volume, which, like 150,000 searches. You'll see that they're changing the spotlight from day to day. So this account was ranked 16 when he had the 100 count, which was at 998 and as it switched to the 200 count, his rank dropped to 46 so if you're just looking at on a different software, you have no idea why that happened, indexing what went wrong. It's very simple. They're showing a different item in search. We're showing you also the, you know, the monthly volume we're showing. You the you know, the spotlight that's there is really a, you know, definitely important to understand for each different keyword that you're tracking. So you see, he has cooking gloves. There's different things showing up on different days for every different keyword that you have. So this basically just is, you know, tells you all the different things that we're showing. The main question becomes so now that we understand, hopefully, that there is a different, you know, spotlight showing up, what do I do about it now? So how can I affect this? So first thing is pricing management. There's inventory management, there's, you know, different focus advertising techniques that you can do, and there's influencer marketing strategies that you can do that are keyword related. So let's talk about pricing first. So the first, most you know obvious thing is, if you know when you're tracking specific items that are showing up in search, you can lower the price of the item that is actually showing up in search. You don't have to lower the other items in the listing, we have tons of data showing that your conversion rate on the overall listing will not be affected if you're doing it within a small range. The customers are used to shopping on Amazon, clicking into a listing, and when they get into the store, you've already won half the battle. Like Dimitri was saying, it's just you need to get that click. Once you have that click in there in the store, you've already won half the battle if an item sometimes is showing up in search and you don't want that to show up in search, sometimes you need to actually raise the price of the item if it is the wrong spotlight that's shown. So in this example where that customer had their 200 count showing up in search on an item like that, if you can't get Amazon to move the spotlight, sometimes you have to raise the pricing on the one that you don't want there, and Amazon will eventually switch it. What we've kind of learned, right is that pricing is really what impacts conversion, and it appears that conversion is what's impacting spotlight. So very, very important misconception is that people believe that sales is what's gonna make an item show up? It's not the case. Your best selling item will not necessarily be what shows up in search. Very often we find that it can be conversion. So if you have a 500 count item that is converting, well, you might sell 10 pieces to 20 customers that click on it. You might be selling 1000 of the 10 pack, but they'll start to try show to show the 500 pack, because that's converting better, even though it's not selling better. So those things are, why Amazon does this, I couldn't tell you, but we have tons and tons of data showing that this is very, very often the case. So an important tool that we built, kind of as we're going through the process was which SKU should be priced aggressively. So we're aggregating search to show you basically on page one we want to understand do you have in this example, this basically represents the different variations on his listing. He has more down there, and for the 200 pack, he's got one keyword that represents 141,000 searches, which is really just one keyword. So that's a main keyword, which you see they're actually showing, probably not the best one. They're showing the 200 pack. You have another seven keywords, which is getting him 21,000 in search volume. But he's got seven keywords there. So that one is actually the 998, one. So the challenge for him now is to figure out he's got to figure out how to price aggressively, to try and see if he can get out of that 140,000 you know, search volume note, which is basically has, in theory, the wrong spotlight skew. So by, you know, we kind of are showing you where you need to go. So, so and again, the best selling one in this example is not the 200 pack. The best selling one is clearly the 998, one. The 100 pack sells better, but 140,000 search volume is going to the wrong one. So now, how can we impact which SKUs in the spotlight with our inventory levels? So one of the main things we're also doing is we're tracking your inventory levels on the spotlight skew. So what we found when we look at the days on hand is as your days on hand starts to drop on the spotlight skew. Amazon doesn't wait until you get to zero. Amazon will just start to understand and say this is no longer looks like it's gonna make it so let's try and switch it to something else. So if you're not stocked heavily, or if you don't understand which is in the spotlight and you're not stocked properly, things can start moving around on you,

Speaker  152005:20
and you'll end up with those situations where your keyword rankings moving all over the place, because Amazon's trying to find something else that they think is going to be viable. One of the things that we very often do, which, you know, some people find controversial, but we've had success with it, is we prefer to raise the price on the spotlight SKU as we are going out of stock, because we found that by getting to zero, if they put something else in search, when we get back in stock, we've had. A hard time getting Amazon to give us the spotlight back that we want. So for us, getting to zero is worse than it is for you to actually raise the price, even if your conversions drop. We want to try and hold on as long as we can to that spotlight skew which Amazon likes, and as we do that, yes, there is a risk in raising your price, but getting to zero, we find is worse. So that really is kind of the main thing that we do with with the spotlights. So, you know, advertising is, you know, a key component to this. I think we all live in this world where we can't live on advertising alone. We need organic ranking. So the the name of the game is trying to figure out, how do you get the SKU that you want to have show up in search, to rank organically where you want it to be? So we found, we find that running exact match campaigns for, you know, in that example, you know, if it's gloves, if it's gloves for cooking, cooking gloves, whatever those are, you have to make sure that there are no other campaigns running for the other variations, what we find whenever we take over people's accounts is that everybody loves to throw all of their skews into advertising campaigns to see what sticks, if you want to actually influence what's going to show up organically, you need to make sure you're limiting or even removing completely any advertising campaigns for things that don't belong in the spotlight, and make sure you're running and pumping, you know, crazy bids, if you need to, to make sure that the spotlight skew that you want is being advertised with those exact match campaigns. So that is, you know, we have actually found tremendous success in in doing this across multiple brands, multiple categories. It's not just like a, you know, it's not a unique thing. This is another one, which is influencer marketing trying, you know, same idea you want to drive traffic and let influencers, you know, I'm going to say the words, they have to search for it, they have to buy it. If we know that means, so if you can get people to, you know, search, find and buy your items for these specific keywords, that is a very impactful way to help make sure that the right item is showing up in the spotlight. It's here. This is where I say Amazon will blow your mind and kind of makes us absolutely crazy. I'm going to show you some details here. Of First, I'm going to show you the iteration of what happened with this sweat pant listing. So just in clothing, just so you understand, there's, you know, small, medium, large, extra large, what displays in Amazon. It all looks the same, right? If it's a color, the same color shows up. They don't show you on the front which size it is. It's just to the customer. There's no difference between small, medium, large, extra large. In this example, I'm going to show you first how our six represents gray and 18 in this example represents the heather gray. So the heather gray is, in this example, actually a better seller when Amazon shows the gray. You see we were ranked 33 for sweat pants women, when it switched to and we're trying to get the 18 XL into search. When it switched to the extra large, it drops to 20, so that just getting the right color to show up in search was huge. Keyword ranking drops you'll see here, and we're going to keep track of this as we go through the slides joggers for women, right, which is kind of a similar term, but not, you know, exactly the same. The r6 which is the gray, is ranked basically 190 you know, whatever that is. We're struggling on that keyword. As we go through, we'll see in the next slide, we were actually finally able to push through advertising and lowering a price to 2298 this 18 of the extra large, which is the, you know, the heather gray extra large. And we were able to bring our keyword ranking down to nine from, you know, up to 40 when it was the wrong color in search. So you'll see here, joggers for women is basically still flip flopping. We're living in the same time period in the hundreds. At this point, my advertising guy comes to me and says, I feel like Amazon likes the 18 XL, and I want to try to advertise on the 18 XL for joggers for women. We look through and we go through for joggers for women. You'll see here. We actually had the 18 in the large size, right? 18, the gray, the heather gray in the large size. It's the same exact item for the customer, right? They don't, do not see the difference. He says, I want to advertise the extra large, because I think Amazon likes it. In the advertising world, Amazon likes stuff, right? He said, organically, maybe it'll be the same thing. All right, go for it within three days on joggers for women, the 18 XL hits the spotlight. You're now ranked number nine. On joggers for women. So when you see something like that, it absolutely blew our minds. Where it is nothing to do with, again, the large outsells, the extra large, two to one, right? It's nothing to do with sales. For some reason, Amazon picks up on some of these skews, and there's an organic component, which just Amazon tends to like specific skews. So if you can start to learn how to play around with the different keywords that you have in your listings, and try and not you know, sometimes spite upstream against Amazon work with what they're telling you, and you can definitely impact you know, where you show up in search for you know different items if you have different variations. So this leading into Prime Day. This concept is of spotlight skew is very important. So you want to make sure what we do on Prime Day is we generally like to make sure that we're advertising on Prime Day the spotlight skew. We don't like to discount the full listing. We'll do a prime exclusive discount on the spotlight skew, obviously tracking it. It's going to be much easier to make sure you're doing the right thing. So we, actually, we don't really run best deals or anything like that on Prime Day, because it seems to be the prime minister's discounts are better. But understanding that you don't have to actually discount an entire listing is super important. You just have to really find what's showing up in search and discount that SKU, one of the things that we, you know, added to to the software is we added a research tool section which helps to know if you have a badge. So one of the important things that we, you know, we have a large catalog. Sometimes you run a deal, and Amazon doesn't actually show the badge in the back end, it will say, you know, you have a deal running. So we allow you to just put your catalog in. You can put competitors catalogs in, and it'll basically just scrape Amazon, and it'll give you tons of different, you know, insights. You know, on Prime Day, it's, is that our badge? But there's other things that you can see, you know, in other people's catalogs, recent sales count. How many, you know, images do they have? Do they have a plus content? How many videos. So it's, uh, it's just a pretty easy tool to, you know, to use to try and just figure out what else is going on in the market. We also give you the ability to plug in in our listing overview, just you plug in one asin, and it'll give you every, every SKU in a variation. It'll tell you what's happening with the competitor and kind of what they're doing. So just little, little tools that we use to try and help us that are available. So takeaways from this just, you know, use your spotlight schemes to drive traffic. You know, understand how Amazon prioritizes, you know, different variations. Make sure you're you know, do you know, advertising and funneling your traffic to the right SKU and, you know, make sure that the you know that you're using, you know, different tools to try and, you know, help you to manage this process. So full full disclosure, we are this tool that we're building. It's called the keyword tracker. We are not ready for massive people to use this. We've been using it pretty much internally and only for our AZ seller kit customers. We are. Our goal is to launch this kind of far and wide, but we need help, and we've been getting help from certain people. Mary's been helping. Scott's been helping. John Specht has been helping. A few people that have been helping us with the UI. This is meant to be a standalone, independent tool. Eventually, we're not quite ready to onboard everybody, so we're doing, you know, for this room only, not even for, like, the rest of MDS, because we want to start here. So for anyone who wants to sign on, it's a, you know, you can go to the keyword tracker MDS 10. You get 10 free keywords. It's going to sync your sales data. It's going to pull your keyword ranking. When you put whatever you want in. It's free, and it's basically just to help us sort of build out this experience. So yeah, that's pretty much it. Thank you for your help. You.
