23. FC Chats_ Sean Riley of Dude Wipes
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  2374:24
It sorry, Chris, I'm talking to them on the side. Give me one sec. No worries.

Speaker  4661:20
You see Shawn in here? No, i i

Speaker  10666:40
a little technical difficulty, folks, we're gonna get started

Speaker  15850:40
very shortly. We've had to update to go to webinar because these calls have gotten so big, so Google doesn't want to play with us nice anymore.

Speaker  21376:00
Okay, rain should be texting you a link to send to Sean shortly, Chris, if he hasn't already,

Speaker  23077:20
okay, was the same link, right? So it

Speaker  23797:20
should be, I don't know if he was planning to send something different.

Speaker  25317:20
Can you see the attendees on here or no?

Speaker  25909:20
Yeah, I have. We have 53 people in here right now.

Speaker  26954:40
Can you add their faces? I love when we see them all. I'd like to talk to them.

Speaker  28106:40
I would love to i Does this platform allow you to do that?

Speaker  29194:40
It does. We figured it out halfway through last time. This is a entrepreneurship in a nutshell. We're figuring it out on the fly. Thanks for the patience. Thanks for the patience.

Speaker  32154:40
Yes, all right, we're seeing names in the chat. We're gonna figure this out.

Speaker  33472:00
Anybody that finds a better solution for these calls gets $500 like, I swear to God, I will give you $500 right now. Find me a better solution, because this is a nightmare. Anybody? Zoom? Oh, man, well, I am not Sean Riley, so we're gonna get Sean in here and hopefully blow your mind. We'll have some deep wipes to wipe up with it, but let me just send him the link one more time.

Speaker  42053:20
Okay, I just allowed camera, so I think attendees should be able to turn that on if they want.

Speaker  43914:40
That'd be nice. I'd love to see some people. I see one. There we go.

Speaker  45194:40
There we go,

Speaker  45738:40
folks, let's go, everybody but the guest speaker. So we're gonna, we're gonna get the guest speaker here in a second.

Speaker  48138:40
Give us one minute.

Speaker  48896:00
Sean Riley,

Speaker  49680:00
this is just classic in

Speaker  50704:00
a nutshell. Wow. A lot of people know Sean

Speaker  52496:00
while, while Sean's joining, I would encourage anyone to start filling in the Q and A with questions, because obviously, with the delay, we're gonna have to be mindful of time. So please drop in some questions that you may have for Sean, and we'll definitely try to fuse them in throughout this webinar.

Speaker  57205:20
Exactly. I'm

Speaker  58901:20
gonna go off camera and give him a car. But please,

Speaker  62634:40
also, while we're in the in between, I'm curious, if you don't have a direct question in the chat, love to just hear. What are you guys most excited about for today's combo? Appreciate everyone's patience with the technical

Speaker  66528:00
difficulties.

Speaker  84812:48
Great. We got some questions already coming in. Yes, this will be recorded.

Speaker  87845:20
All right, you should be getting in here right now. Sorry, guys, do apologize. While you're at it, we are working on a new system for this, but also would love to get some new guests fired up for April and May. So if you guys have some, I know Mark Cuban was on the short list. If you guys had other big names, please drop them to Bobby so we can start filling this out to get more guests. And of course, we will show up on time, that is always our promise.

Speaker  96666:40
Also great moment to shout you out, Chris, with the podcast launching today, it's like a moment to recognize that, right?

Speaker  98320:00
True, yes. Also podcast guests. If you guys are ever in Miami, we'd love to have you on the podcast in person. So it's been crazy. We've already recorded like eight episodes, so it's been great,

Speaker  104725:20
right again, some great questions. Please keep dropping them. We will definitely pull these in throughout or At the very end, I should say,

Speaker  111402:40
Oh, I

Speaker  113552:00
see him or No, can you hear me? Oh, I hear him. I can't see him, though. I hear a dude somewhere.

Speaker  116511:59
Chris, do you want me to minus out faces just for the combo, and then I can open it back up.

Speaker  117861:19
Yeah, oh, there he is, beautiful. What's up?

Speaker  118805:20
Legend, Hey, what's up, guys? How's it going?

Speaker  119909:20
It's good. Thanks for joining us. Sorry for the technical delays.

Speaker  121573:20
No, no worries.

Speaker  122261:20
Were you? Were you calling in from today?

Speaker  123141:20
I am at the Orlando Convention Center right now.

Speaker  124026:40
Okay, well, trade show or what do you guys do?

Speaker  124810:39
Yeah, yeah, Walmart's yearly big meeting has been this week at the Orlando Convention Center.

Speaker  127482:40
Let's go well, thanks for stepping out.

Speaker  129024:00
Yeah, no doubt, man, look forward to it.

Speaker  129616:00
We appreciate it. So I know we're a little bit behind, so we want to rip through today. We have the full hour until four o'clock. There's about Bobby, hold me honest, about 50, 6070, incredible entrepreneurs on here that all have been following your career for a long time, we built this thing called the founders club that I'm sure you're aware of, which is just a group of consumer brand founders, entrepreneurs who have followed your story for a long time, but are all in the midst of building 789, figure businesses, and just need a little advice. Need some help. And what we found is these calls are a great way to kind of break the ice, ask important questions and really, like, maybe just help somebody get into retail, or help them kind of get over their fear. So that'd be best to bring you on. I know we said no PowerPoint for this, but for those who maybe don't know you or what you're doing currently, could you give us like 32nd intro on the short Sean story?

Speaker  144106:40
Sure, yeah, yeah, for sure, man. So yeah, Sean Riley, Chief Executive, dude over here at dude wipes, and we're famous for our launch out of our apartment in Chicago. There you go, to disrupt big toilet paper. So yeah, we're, we're a bootstrapped company that started over 10 years ago, and, you know, got our first product out there and started selling it online and building, you know, a fun brand along with a product, you know, that was kind of serving an unmet need out there. And dude wipes and today, you know, we're in, you know, most of the retails in, in the US, and doing over $200 million in in sales a year through those outlets. So, yeah, just building, building on a great brand, with a great product, with great people,

Speaker  156746:40
that's incredible. Man, looking back at younger Sean, was this a $200 million venture when you started it? Or what do you actually think that the TAM on this business was? Yeah.

Speaker  160000:00
I mean, I don't know if I really knew the TAM, but like, we had always projected that we were going to hit 100 million at least. So even when we were, like, trying to raise money, we were like, Hey, here's how, here's how it's going to scale up. You know, we can be this size brand. So definitely 100 million wouldn't have surprised me back then. But then 200 came very quickly after 100 so you start to see how some of those things scale. You know, when you're really doing something that's getting sort of like escape velocity,

Speaker  169045:20
that makes sense if you had to do something, you go back to your early days, right? The first couple years in business. A lot of these founders are three, four years in, is there something that you look back at and be like, this was a defining moment for us, for dude wipes, like, if I didn't do this, this wouldn't have happened any any insights there I could think for us when we first got Dick's Sporting Goods, and it didn't happen until I begged the buyer a million times, right? I like, I DM them on Twitter, I DM them on LinkedIn, we got that first order, and I use that logo to unlock seven other retailers that year. Is there any any advice for guys early on? Yeah.

Speaker  179519:59
I mean, I think you're gonna have, like, your big moments. And, you know, I would never say just like from an entrepreneur's mindset, like, if some big moment didn't happen, you would have found another one. So I just don't think entrepreneurs are wired to be on a journey where it's like, oh, this thing without it, I'd be dead. Because you don't die, you find another one, you know. But there are, of course, big ones that you find along the way, because you're taking so many swings, you're bound to get some hits. And so, yeah, for us, some of those hits were like, Shark Tank. Kroger was, like, our Dick sporting goods. Kroger was the first one, you know, to say we're gonna take dude wipes and be a big brand and all those things. But like, you know, if Kroger didn't do it, I would have got safe way, you know, didn't get on Shark Tank. We would have kept building. And so, yeah, all these things will help you out, but you you are in control of your own destiny and manifesting your own universe. And so you're not dependent on these events. You are just dependent on continuing to show up every day and put your best there.

Speaker  198005:20
Makes sense, Bobby, I know you had some questions. We were waiting to get this ripping. I want to, I don't want to steal all the spotlight, but we just had Bobby join the team last week, actually, so Bobby will be the MC for a lot of these things moving forward. Bobby, let's get a question from the panel.

Speaker  201877:20
Yeah, let's, let's jump right into it. Jim. Jim G asks, How has the brand grew internally at different inflection points?

Speaker  205130:40
You know, the brand is evolving, right? So when it's like you and your buddies at a couch and you're fucking doing $10,000 in sales, you know, like the brand is going to be different than you with all your employees at Walmart and doing 200 million sort of deal, so it will evolve over time with a the maturity of like the brand, but be also culture. So like always like to say, like brands don't create culture. Brands like ride the wave of culture, so as different things are happening in culture, yeah, oh yeah. We need to market this way. We need to show up this way. This is what's like happening right now. So, yeah, dude, wipe specifically, you know, when we first launched was like, very much for, like, frat bros, sort of like the way it was, like showing up and talking. But then we started getting in the stores, and moms were buying it, and all sorts of people started using it. And so we realized, okay, how, you know, can we show up on packaging here? How can we, you know, use languaging and stuff like that to be appeal to a broader audience? So that was some of our evolution over time.

Speaker  223066:40
Was that something that Walmart or Kroger suggested you had to do or you came to the table with those improvements, and that's what unlocked those retail stores.

Speaker  225376:00
No, none of them. I mean, some of them will have like feedback here or there, but you definitely don't want to let like a retailer affect your brand vision. You want to listen to them. If they're like, hey, on your pack, I think if you called out the count here, larger people might see it easier, like they do know certain things, but they don't know your brand or how to position a brand in the market. So that's all got to go internally, through your team and through the guts, while taking in these nuggets of feedback that are coming in from retailers, also the customers. So it's just, you know, when you redesign packaging and you reposition your brand, you start making decisions and just kind of happen slowly over time for us, at least, there wasn't like a big rebrand moment. There was just all of these, like refinements, you know, that. Small companies can make every year

Speaker  240528:00
you walk, actually, not to cut you off, Chris, you walked right into another question that I want to jump in from Alex T but he said, I'm caught between beautiful, luxury packaging for our DTC brand and just keeping it very basic. Not sure how much this will impact the perception, but saving anywhere possible while bootstrapping is helpful, what are your thoughts?

Speaker  246853:20
Beautiful, luxury packaging? I think that makes sense, if that matches up to what you're selling and DTC packaging, you know it can be more simplistic, because your your PDPs are going to deliver all the messaging, you know, that you need, versus retail, the packaging can start to just get a little bit more ugly, you know, because, like, Oh, I got to put this on there. I got to put that on there. It's got to, like, do its own thing. But I would keep the E commerce, yeah, simplistic and just, you know, if you're putting money into the packaging, just charge for it, you know. And if that gets you at a price that is affecting velocity, then value engineer the packaging and lower the price. But just make sure in your early days you're charging for what you put in, because if you're trying to bootstrap, can't afford not to charge so, you know, dude wipes are more expensive when we first got started. That's how much we could afford, you know, to sell dude wipes for. So they were more expensive, and people paid that. And then as we scaled, you know, we lowered pricing because we were getting higher volumes.

Speaker  265461:20
Speaking of higher volumes, one of the, one of my favorite things that you do, and I don't see most entrepreneurs do this is calling out the competition. I want to get your feedback, because I love seeing like, the scorecard, right? Like, here's how much we sold in walmart or amazon compared to Charmin or whatever the next brand. What's your take on going your competition is always smart when to peel back. I've gotten mixed reviews on that. I've definitely wanted to go after some assholes, and they have knocked off cross net in the past. Like, how do you think

Speaker  273216:00
about it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Think like good brands have like an enemy, and so if you can tie it into that, it's great if you're just chasing like every Tom Dick and Harry sort of competitor, and it doesn't match with, like, the enemy of the brand, that it might not be worth it, but for us, toilet paper is the enemy. You know, we're we're David, they're Goliath, and these big conglomerates are the enemy. So that's why I'll call out, like, a big TP company, and like, how we're doing things differently, or if they knock us off, or when Amazon knocks us off, I'll call out Amazon, because that's, you know, a big David. And so you want to make it work with your story, and that really works with our underdog story. So yeah, use it in that lens. But if you can pick, if you can pick an enemy, it's powerful marketing. And you see a lot of brands do that

Speaker  288400:00
makes sense. I mean, we've been we've been LinkedIn friends for a long time. We've been building in public more than you, longer than you probably even realized you were building in public, until it became like a superpower. How do you suggest founders on the call to prioritize building in public, building a founders brand is working right, especially with co founders. It's like, Yo Sean, you're out here on LinkedIn eight hours a day, like you need to work on the business. How do you think about that? Because everybody on this call has personal branding top of mind.

Speaker  296869:20
Yeah, yeah. I mean, especially building like it shouldn't take up that much of your time, because if you're working at like, a bootstrap company, you should have, like, a lot of things to do. So don't try and make it a lengthy time investment. Just what's on your mind in the morning, what's something you're working on? Like, boom, share. Get it out there. Okay, this is what people are liking. Tweak it. Like, I don't think it needs to. I'm not, like, pre scripting anything, you know? What? I mean, it's just like, Hey, what is something I'm feeling today? What is something that happened today? Quick little video, you know, and then interacting and jumping on there like any other, like social media. So, yeah, I might not be the best, because then I also only do LinkedIn, so I still hold those constraints on myself, like, I'm not on Twitter, Bill and Sean Riley, I'm not on Instagram, so like, I have a place in LinkedIn that's a creative outlet for me, but it's more about the process for me. Like, I enjoy that process and the results are great in terms of like, connections or likes or awareness and stuff like that. But yeah, and so I don't really have advice, while I respect people who are going more all in on the founder brand stuff, managing multi platform, that just takes more time. So I had to make a choice, like, I don't even like browsing Twitter, so I'm like, I'm just not gonna be on there. You know what I mean? Because. Don't have to spend time on there to be effective. You got to know the platform. So, like, you know, manage what you like, manage your time, and maybe you like going broad and all of those things. But if it starts to feel like work and you'd rather be working on your brand, and that's what you should do, you know,

Speaker  324432:00
that's great advice. Yeah, we actually just did a I downloaded something called Opal, and so it actually blocks the social media apps during certain times, right? Because I found myself right me on LinkedIn, so 7pm onward, Gmail is blocked. I don't get emails the next day, slacks blocked. The next day, Instagram and Twitter are blocked during certain time frames. It's been a, it's been a pretty good unlock of time

Speaker  330805:20
for sure. No, no, those things are terrific. Man,

Speaker  331466:40
yeah, I want to jump in ask you something. Sean, you said, time, what are, what are maybe one or two boundaries that you've kind of set in place that help you protect your time with so many things that are trying to pull you to do this, to do that, to be on this call, right? What are those boundaries that you have in place that help you as an operator.

Speaker  336672:00
Yeah, I don't do any calls before, like, 10am so that's a good block in the morning. I'll go to the gym, you know, take, take my kids to school, like that kind of stuff. So yeah, maybe I'll answer an email or two, but, like, Yeah, I'm not hopping on any calls. And so then, really, my day is like, you know, in terms of calls, like, 10am to 5pm or 11am to 5pm so it's kind of condensed when you can book a call with me on my schedule, and then, yeah, just blocking out good weekly things that help manage the flow, so there's not too many calls, and then falling off calls once, you know, I've hired somebody who's supposed to do a job. I need to eventually not be on an Amazon call or something anymore, you know, because, like, yeah, used to be close to it, but now I brought in a guy, he's good on it. I need to fall off. You know, that call

Speaker  352090:40
that's fair enough. I love that one. One thing we hear a lot about is these early brands having no idea where to put their marketing dollars. Right? It's like, if you had, I'm curious, your advice now, compared to the early days, if you had, like, let's say, $100,000 marketing budget to get dude wipes off the ground in 2025 where would you put those dollars for

Speaker  357439:59
right now I put them into Amazon and Tiktok. I think I'd probably only put them into two places. And so I'd be running Amazon PPC ads, you know, against my category to get trial and develop that marketplace. And then I'd be spending on influencers to run the Tiktok shop and maybe some ad support there. But early days, I always tell people like, you want to be like the hot dog stand, not the Cheesecake Factory, like hot dogs and fries, like, just pick a couple marketing channels, because you can't afford to be spending on Facebook, Twitter, you know, LinkedIn, Amazon, like, you just have to pick one to two places and go in on them. And obviously, if you pick a wrong one, then pivot away and, like, try a different one. But probably the biggest confusion is there's so many options, and you don't have to do many. You have to start building your business and building your trial and making sure people like your product. And you know, for me, Amazon and Tiktok and CPG are together, best two places to do that right now.

Speaker  376629:20
That's fair. Speaking of so many options, you go to the dude webs website, go to buy, buy a fresh pack. I have literally five different retail options, plus the option to buy on your website. How do you think about that on a daily basis? Are you driving? Prefer Amazon and for DTC, you prefer Walmart? How does the marketing team structure that? How are we looking at ROAs on a daily basis? Like, where's your head out there?

Speaker  383370:40
So all D to C is just organic traffic, so we drive zero paid traffic to our website. So we are spending more of those marketing ROAs dollars within the Walmarts, the Amazons of the world, the Tiktok shops. So budgets are being managed like within a vertical marketplace, rather than kind of like a big DTC model. So I'm not saying maybe we won't eventually do that, but it's worked really well for us just to fuel retail in the marketplaces,

Speaker  391781:20
because every other brand is mostly meta first right, met at the DTC and then a waterfall after that. Is it just because you marketers or $200 million brand not spending on meta right? Like, kind of unheard of right in our space. How'd that happen?

Speaker  396234:40
Yeah, we launched on Amazon so, and it was long enough ago that the whole like Shopify meta game like it wasn't as self service as it was, you know, today. So it took more like program. Cameras and like that kind of stuff, where it's like, now, like, one guy could do that on his laptop. Like, that wasn't the case when we launched. So it was like, Shit, I know a dude who sells on Amazon, I'm gonna sell, send him a bunch of dude wipes. And then all of a sudden that listing got up and got going. Now, like, Oh, I'm gonna start my own Amazon account and, you know, manage this. And so since we grew on Amazon, that became our mindset. And then there was times where we were spending on meta, like in like 2019, 2018, but we realized that it was expensive for us to ship, so it wasn't that profitable for us to do meta being like big, bulky, cheap stuff, and that our dollars will be better spent, you know, basically, through the biggest retailers in the world, than creating our own ecosystem. And then so, like, own stuff turned into, like, we still will, you know, we'll sell to you. Can we get your email can we get your text message? Follow us on social but it's more community building than Commerce Building. But then, on the flip side, Tiktok shop has now become a marketplace we're spending on. We're, you know, invested in it. The margin isn't huge, but we know that it's flowing through to all of these other retailers and brand awareness and stuff like that. So I could maybe see us getting back into the DTC game, like, at some point with, like, a, you know, like the playbooks you guys run. But just right now, it's, it's not necessary.

Speaker  425253:20
No, it makes complete sense, Bobby, we gotta want to open it up for a few more questions on your end, and maybe let a few of these guys to ask the questions directly,

Speaker  427562:40
like pull them in camera, give

Speaker  428074:40
one or two more on your end that you have beforehand.

Speaker  428922:39
Great, yeah, so we'll do we got Steven asks, What are your biggest consistent challenges on your products?

Speaker  431722:40
Consistent challenges are like, price and supply. So yeah, just more wipes, more problems. So yeah, you're, you know, when you're scaling, you got to keep up with the supply chain, and then all of the stuff that happens, whether it's an inflation or tariffs or labor costs going up, those just kind of feel like, just when you get past one, another one pops up. So those feel like constant problems for any entrepreneur selling goods, even the big companies are constantly dealing with them. You know,

Speaker  440965:20
next question we got was from Rudy B, branding versus product slash R and D investment, especially given the backlash they are getting on the actual products industry's worth.

Speaker  444778:40
Elaborate on spending on R D,

Speaker  445642:40
yeah, investment in R D versus branding was the question.

Speaker  447882:40
Your Branding is typically going to be a much higher investment in terms of, like, percentage of the P and L. So, yeah, maybe you're doing making it up a 10% on branding investments, 10% on performance marketing. You know, you might be 2% on R D, or, you know, 5% on R D, or something like that. As you grow, you know that R and D number now can you know the money, and the dollars will grow in there, but product yet. Don't ignore it. Make sure you're tapping in on R D. And there may be different points in your journey where you're accelerating there and spending more money to figure out the next thing, but you will eventually lose. If you just focus all your time on branding, somebody will end up laughing you on product. Who's spending money on product?

Speaker  461514:39
Makes sense? How do you Let's go back to the percentage game, right? You're saying 5% here, 2% there. Are you setting those budgets and those numbers on an annual basis? Are you reviewing them quarterly. What is the, what's the structure look like on reviewing goals and spend,

Speaker  465936:00
like that annual basis. So, yeah, like, here's our revenue target, here's our, you know, target of spend per P and L code. So here's what we're going to spend on, you know, advertising and marketing and S, G and R and D, and then every month, our accounting team will be reporting back like, plan versus actual. So, okay, we're into March, and it's like, okay, we're, you know, we're three months into the year. How we track into our plan? Okay? We're, we're over on revenue, but we're also a little over on cog so yeah, it's because this price increase thing happened. So it's just a way for you to calibrate and hold people accountable to their budgets. And just, yeah, I would recommend setting an annual plan, as they say in the finance world, lock it, you know what I mean. So like, set that plan, lock that plan, and. And everyone refers to it throughout the year, and it's okay if things change, but you are, you know, you can ask for an extra million dollars in marketing. You may be told, No, hey, no, you got to stick to the lock plan. Or we may be outpacing growth, where we say, yep, you know what, go spend that money, but you never change that first plan. That's a snapshot in time that you refer to from the for the rest of the year.

Speaker  486885:20
Love it, speaking of accountability. What? What's the team structure? Meetings right now? What are the Do you have any bid meetings that are locks that, like Sean is not missing? This Monday meeting, this Friday meeting? What goes into that? And also touch on one on ones as the team grows. Do you love them? You think it's a waste of time, like a lot of these brands are scaling to 20, 3040, employees. Would love to get some guidance on what the team structure looks like in meetings.

Speaker  494010:40
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have like, a senior leadership team, so that's like a helpful group of people that all have like an hour and a half call, bi weekly. You know, that's the call is pretty organized, like, here's topics, issues we're all going to talk about and go through, and just kind of make sure everyone's in sync, cross departmental, because that's some of the problems you'll see as you grow. Like, finance had no idea marketing was working on this. And, you know, whereas when it's a smaller group, everyone's kind of in tune. So that's been a helpful call, just to, like, get all the department's heads and, you know, lock in. I feel like the rest of my calls, like I have, you know, some one on ones with my direct reports, where we're just more making sure they have what they need from me. Or like, hey, what's product manager? You know, we have a one on one. And, like, is there anything happening this week? I should be aware of, okay, you need decision here. Boom, boom, boom. So, yeah, not one on ones, for like, the sake of one on ones where, like, not all my direct reports have a one on one, but if there's something I feel on a weekly basis that will get behind on, if we're not just setting aside, you know, time to talk, then we have a one on one, and then if they it grows where I'm just like, hey, we're just, we don't really have a lot to talk about on this call, then we'll just kind of peel it back. They know, my phone's always on. We're still always talking in between meetings. But, yeah, pretty meeting light and I wouldn't, you know, I don't feel like I have a meeting that I am required at. Obviously, there's a lot that I'm consistently at, but there should be someone else on the call, you know, if I'm on vacation or doing something else, who can still make that call run.

Speaker  521733:20
So you take vacations,

Speaker  522869:20
yeah, yeah, I do.

Speaker  523370:40
I saw, I saw somebody the other day. Founders club member said they haven't taken a vacation in 10 years. What's your thoughts on that? Yeah?

Speaker  525882:40
Um, I mean, I get it, you know, I think you also can go on vacation and still be wanting to, like work and stuff like that. And so depending on where you are in your life, that may be, you know, the most enjoyable thing to do, I think, for me, it ended up being like, the downtime helps you produce more upside so, like, yeah, if I go on vacation, and now when I go on vacation, wasn't always like this, but it's like, I'm putting in for the days off, like, I'm not on any calls, you know. Of course, someone could still call me, you know. I'm not, like, off the grid on vacation, but it's like, hey, Sean's not here this week, you know. And it definitely helps other people grow. So I will say you could be like, bottlenecking your company if you never punch out, because then they're like, they know how to handle that call, because you're in Mexico, versus you're in Mexico, and you're calling into that call, you're stunting their growth at the end of the day. So it's like, it's good for you, but it's also, in my opinion, best for the company at a certain scale. Obviously, I didn't take vacations for a while when it's a couple guys on a laptop, and you're grinding to 50 million and stuff because they're just there. There isn't support, there isn't other people to do the work. So you have to evolve, which can be kind of tough, because then you feel like a pussy or something like, Oh, I'm gonna take a vacation. I never used to take vacations, you know. And that you have to be like, also realize, like, it's the best thing to do as well. I

Speaker  550261:20
love it. Dean, I think that's probably my biggest nugget I've gotten so far. Is like stepping away lets other people step in, and you'll if you're just taking control full time, right? Like you'll never know what you actually get. It's like when the bench player finally gets to get into the starting lineup for the

Speaker  554533:20
night, for sure. No, it really helps people grow. We've been talking about that with like, you know, paternity leaves, like, you know, if a woman's got a punch out for three months, and she's very important in her position, like, when she comes back, everyone our team is going to be so much more elevated, because they had to fill in all these. Apps. So when she comes back, she can actually be much more strategic, because her team has had this time to blossom. She's had this time to rest, and so she can come back and be like, wow, like, I can work on this higher level, more strategic stuff now, because I stepped away for a minute,

Speaker  564896:00
I love it. Last question I have, and I want to open it up to Q and A and get some people on camera and likes and all that. I'd be remiss if I didn't ask about the Shark Tank, the Cuban experience. Talk to me about the mentorship in your life, the unlock of that opportunity. Would you do anything differently, like spill the beans on a whole situation?

Speaker  570597:20
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, everything's gone really well for us from a shark tank experience to a Mark Cuban investment. So I don't think I would, you know, do anything differently because of the way it's it's all worked out. And, you know, Mark's been our only investor in the company, and he's not like, a VC guy, where he's like, oh, I want out and fight. Like there's no pressure from Mark. So he's truly just championing the entrepreneur. And like, this is, this is what I would do if I were you, and he's like, take it or leave it, you know what I mean. But like, if I were you in this situation, situation, I'd look at doing this. I'd look at doing that, which is great advice to have from someone who's seen so many different investments and so many different scales of growth. So since Mark been with us, you know, before we did a million dollars, like, you know, gave us some good advice when we were about to do 10 million. Oh, here's how you should be thinking, you know, yada yada, good advice at 50. So these different stages, what I would say not to expect from whether it's Mark Cuban or any other investor, is for them to have, like, such good insights in your business. Like you would have, like, Mark's not like, Oh, you got to sell the dude wipes and Walmart, like, like this and do that, it's like, no, like you're going to know that stuff because you're living and breathing the details where investors or mentors like Mark are good is like, you're too close to the details. Here's something maybe you should be thinking about so like, broader strategy and experience is like, what you end up realizing is the value you're getting.

Speaker  597893:20
Okay, that's cool. Somebody watch it as somebody who watches the show every week, right? Like, are you guys talking? Is it once? Is it once a week? Once a quarter? Like, what actually happens after the episode, right? Like, you get the money, you get the investment. What happens?

Speaker  602149:20
Yeah, well, I mean, you got to close the deal after the show. So that takes some due diligence and some back and forth. So there's a lot of that. But then once it goes through with the lawyers and everybody agrees, yeah, you get you get your money, then you get kind of hooked up with the team as well. And so we were small, and so there was members of the team that could, just like, look at our accounting and give some, you know, insight and stuff like that. So, like, we don't need those resources anymore, but like, for the small companies coming into the portfolio, they're awesome resources. And then, yeah, Mark's just, he's an email guy. Like, he doesn't do phone calls, he doesn't do meetings, but you email him anything that's on your mind, and he gets back to you, usually within like, five minutes. So, yeah, it ebbs and flows. Sometimes I have a week where I'm, like, on an email chain with Mark, you know, that's like 30 long, you know, and then I don't hit him up for a month, because it's like, nothing, you know, there's nothing that came up, but it's like, I really try and just if it's an issue we're having trouble with, just like, pick his brain and ping him on it and drive deep on it. But there's not any sort of cadence besides just, you know, we'll deliver the financials kind of deal. I love

Speaker  622442:40
it, Bobby. Let's open this thing up. We got, like, 10 minutes left. I want to get as many questions as we can. Rapid fire.

Speaker  623930:40
Yeah, you might. We'll get the cameras on, see if this allows let's get the

Speaker  624912:00
cameras on. Let's get the mics going.

Speaker  626432:00
Jesse, f are you still in here? Please unmute and we'll allow you to ask your question directly.

Speaker  628496:00
Hello, hello. Yes. So first question, what was the single most effective marketing strategy that helped break you into mainstream retail? I should say

Speaker  632677:20
Amazon. So Amazon Marketing just allowed us to sell a lot of units, and then you're able to shove those units in the retailer's face and go look how much money I'm making on this other channel. You need to pick me up too. So the only way to break into retail as a nobody is FOMO. So you have to create that FOMO somewhere else and then show it to them, and then they're like, shit, dude. Wipes is scaling on Amazon. Like, I got to pick this up. You know, Amazon's a big competitor of mine, so for someone on the call, it might be meta and their D to C, and then they can show Walmart guys, I'm doing $10 million of this a year on my website. Like, you should carry it. It's proven. So, yeah, early days, it's really stuff that can tie to revenue, because you have to use revenue proof to get sales into retail. You got to have a cool brand and a cool positioning. But like, retailers don't buy your marketing plan. They buy the fact that you have proven that you can make sales.

Speaker  649653:20
Okay. Cool, awesome. Love that. Thank you.

Speaker  650741:20
Yeah, for sure, Joe, a are you still here? We'll have you ask your question next,

Speaker  653722:40
or first person to unmute their mic and ask a question gets the question.

Speaker  654842:40
Sean, I want to first of all congratulate you, man, on your success and what you've done, I have a company. We we launched we launched startups, idea based startups. We take them through a four stage process, we invest in them, we have equity in them, and 42 of the 44 that we have in the portfolio are product based. So the appreciation that I have for what you do is deep. You answered one of my questions partially just now, but I think one of the other ones is, everything we do in our process, we try to do is data driven, right? So people come to us with an idea or a concept, and it's very, very half baked, if that. And we like to like as Bezos always talks about leaving a seat open at the boardroom table for, you know, for the customer representative, the customer, to remind everyone why you're doing what you're doing. When it came to launching your initial product, your flagship product, you know how much consumer research led to the actual product? How did you perform that? And then ongoing in terms of getting feedback on the product for the product roadmap side of it, what did that look like? And then just one quick other thing, because you just kind of touched on the retail side of it, you know, we talked about the push pull strategy. So pushing into retail, knocking on doors, reaching out to buyers, being a dog on a bone, kind of like you talked about before, but then kind of being pulled into those environments by generating that that traction. So if you were to push into it, because you mentioned kind of a hybrid of that, where you have the, you know, the results to show, right, but then you still went to them. So you just, how are you finding the people that you were going to? So I know there's a couple of questions in one there, but again, thanks for letting me out. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  681397:20
For sure, yeah. So for us, like it was no data, all heart. So it was, what, what did we want to build out of our hearts? And that's typically where the best products come from, is people who are super consumers of the thing themselves. So like, if you fucking love kombucha, just like, get into kombucha, make the best recipe, follow your heart and make the best product that you would enjoy. And chances are a lot of other people are going to enjoy that, and then you'll get some feedback along the consumers. Of course, instantly people are buying it. Are going to say, Yeah, a little less sugar. Do I agree or not? Okay, I agree. I'm going to lower the sugar. But yeah, I'm not too big into like, the data stuff on that end. Of course, now we look at trends and everything, but all the best stuff we still come out with come from, like, an internal, you know, soul, gut, heart, feeling and so that's why, you know, if you're betting on startups, you have to bet on jockeys, not horses. Like, yeah, they got to be in a good market and have a good horse, but like, no shitty jockey, with all this data you feed them and all these resources, it's gonna be a waste of your time. So you got to have people who are in it for the right reasons, and that will create beautiful upside and then on, like, the phone, like the retail side, yeah, I mean, you're gonna have to knock on doors. Just have, like, a good case study when you are knocking on doors and then, so just like brokers looking at brokers at channels you want to get into is probably my best way, I'd recommend, like, you're trying to get into Target, you know, talk to a bunch of good target brokers. Show them your story. They may say, I'll take you on. You're ready, you know, like, my experience, one's gonna say, Now, pass on, dude wipes. But then you find some guys, like, no, I'll take this in. Like, I'll get you a meeting and, like, that's the guy you end up going with. And, you know, getting in where you fit in, sort of deal.

Speaker  714101:20
Well, we got time for two more questions. Guys,

Speaker  715141:20
hi, I'll just jump in. I'm Sarah. It's actually funny. I used to work at mute six and manage your influencer. So funny to see you again. I just watched Shark Tank episode. I think it was like last week or a few weeks ago. And there's, like, the Gemini promotion, and it was like a recap of what you've been doing. Really interesting, how you're leveraging AI for community and, like, a little bit more personalization to scale it out and make your time more efficient. I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more to community, how your strategy has changed as you've been scaling and growing, and how you've been injecting personalization and memorable moments while you're scaling, and if there's any specific tactics or ways of thinking that has helped you push towards growth,

Speaker  730869:20
yeah, no. Nice to see you again. Sarah Tiktok has been like, yeah, newer thing for us, I think we've been working on with you a little bit, but like taking it more seriously and really blowing up, like hiring people for the lives to go on our channel and going in deep with the influencers and, like, managing that community, and having people at our company who are, like, dedicated to that community. And so even, there's even some interesting, like aI stuff in there, in terms of, just like answering messages and stuff like that, like helping work the funnel, because there's a lot of DMS going on where that can kind of help work the funnel. And then, you know, once it gets down to a real conversation, that one of your reps goes in and, like, puts the touch on it and closes it. But that's one good, like community management kind of automation thing that I've seen recently, yeah, and just using it more as, like a thought partner. I think a lot of people in our company are doing it different ways. There it still can be a little clunky on the consumer facing stuff. So where people are really automating is like invoicing and like all the boring back end stuff. That's where I'm making the bigger push for the team, because that will save us head counts down the road. Social is still like, yeah, it's not letting the robots run it quite yet, just kind of using them on the side to get some inferences, despite maybe what I had to say on the Gemini Shark Tank. Please go to commercial. I had act like, you know, running the show, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  758901:20
thank you. I love it. Last question for Sean, who's got it? Who's got it? Don't be scared. I see a hand raised.

Speaker  763029:20
I have a question for Sean, how did you fund the retail growth? I mean, it sounds like in the early days, you just started to take off, and you've got to make all this product,

Speaker  765882:40
right, right? Yeah. So asset based lending is what I recommend to people. So what you have to do is get a line of credit going with your local bank, and it can even be small in the beginning, and then they will lend you, and you got to work on always growing the cap and everything, but with the right relationship, they will lend you the money to go buy the inventory, and because they can Use the inventory as collateral. So hey guys, I'm launching into Walmart. I need to buy $2 million worth of dude wipes. Okay, we can adjust your line of credit. You can pull on it buy those dude wipes, because they know at the end of the day, if stuff went really wrong, they at least have some assets they can come after, which are your dude wipes and so, yeah, asset based lending has been basically our key to growing without raising more capital and handling those retail rollouts. And the nice thing about it is, once you do one and you pay it back, the line grows a little bit, so now you can go after a bigger guy. So like, you might not be able to do everything you want, but if you're scaling in the right way, pulling on the line, paying it back. Now it's 2 million pulling on it, paying it back, and so yeah, now we have such a good relationship with our bank and our line of credit that I could handle any retailer in the world, because that proof is there, and they would say, yes, we will loan you the money for that inventory. So you always will find money for inventory. You will have trouble finding money for like, marketing and stuff like that, because people will be like, well, you know that might not work, but the more reputable you are, just use the inventory as your asset. Love it. Well.

Speaker  795786:40
Sean, thank you so much, man. I really appreciate it. Appreciate you being a mentor, a role model to all of us, like been looking up to you for so many years around LinkedIn and also from Shark Tank. So it means the world that you took an hour for us today, guys, if this is your first time on these calls the founders Club. Host of these events, almost on a weekly basis at this point, with world class entrepreneurship like Sean, if you're interested in the community, come check out founders club, official.com but Sean, any last closing marks before we let you go back to the conference?

Speaker  804112:00
I don't think so. Guys, Yeah, appreciate all the questions. Chris, always good to reconnect and keep doing what you're doing out there. And yeah, just keep, just keep going after it, one step at a time. Guys, I didn't know what I was doing. May seem like it now, but if you, if you just stay at it, you'll figure it out. It's as simple as that, right? I love

Speaker  809877:20
it. Thanks, guys, appreciate y'all have a good rest of the day. You. Day.
