MDS Mogul Call with Mudit Jain
Date: July 02, 2025

Speaker  4272:00
Hello, oh, my god,

Speaker  5984:00
hello. Hey,

Speaker  7445:20
I am good. How are you? Jamie, long time,

Speaker  8213:20
yeah, well, it's good to see you at the summit last year. Yes,

Speaker  9989:20
yes, correct. All

Speaker  11013:20
right, so just post in a couple of places to let people know the call is live, and people will kind of drop in over the next 10 minutes. But yeah, you've got a lot of you got a lot of nice comments on the Fred. So looks like most of the people that you messaged did a nice post for you. So that's good.

Speaker  16106:39
I MDS?

Speaker  18208:00
Yes, I shared that link to my MDS clients, of course, and probably they might have added commands. Oh,

Speaker  22581:20
there's another Jamie Scottish. Jamie mentioned another Jamie from Scotland. Mentioned he might be joining you. Have you spoken to him?

Speaker  24581:20
Jamie, there's another

Speaker  25029:20
guy called Jamie from Scotland. He said,

Speaker  26325:19
Yeah, that's right, yeah, that's correct. Yes, he's,

Speaker  27370:40
he's a great entrepreneur. He's a great entrepreneur, really

Speaker  28138:40
nice guy. Okay,

Speaker  30426:40
so you're 5050, clients in MDS, wow,

Speaker  31274:40
probably more than that. But yes, at least 50 plus, of course, wow.

Speaker  32848:00
So how many times do you have in total?

Speaker  33792:00
Uh, around 225 plus, 250 around 250 Yes. Now we are a team of 75 plus people.

Speaker  36976:00
So do you take people that have already do you take guys have already qualified as accountants in India, and then just train them up on us accounting, that's correct. So does that mean they're basically qualified to be Indian CPAs, or they're already qualified for America, or

Speaker  41845:19
no Indian qualified CPAs? Because most of the thing like from the US GAAP accounting principles, because, let's say, for example, we don't need any corporate taxation related backgrounds, because we submit financial statements to the CPA, who intake, then file taxes and all that stuff. So that's not a requirement. But yes, from the accounting side, it's more or less US GAAP, even if who is a qualified charter accountant here in India. So because they all of them, we hire like, they work with certain big four, uh, clients. Let's say someone worked with KPMG, Ernst and Young, so they have that kind of exposure, and that works well.

Speaker  52464:00
And if you've got a remote team, or you have you got an office,

Speaker  53376:00
no, we have offices like we have three, four locations. Let's say, for example, 3035, people sits in one office, and another 15 people sits in another office. So we have four or five different locations where we sit.

Speaker  56981:20
Oh, okay, which cities in your offices in then

Speaker  57781:20
nearby? We are in the northern part, right? So it's four hours away from New Delhi. We are based in Punjab,

Speaker  59546:40
okay. Oh, sorry, all offices around there,

Speaker  60666:40
that's correct, yes. So all offices, most three offices are in the same city, one or two offices are in the different city, but they are located just 90 kilometers or 100 kilometers away from each other. That's the maximum, you know, distance,

Speaker  65280:00
okay, I spent, I spent about six, four months in India after, after I finished school, I taught in school in the Marshall Pradesh, and traveled around, traveled around a little bit. I

Speaker  69445:20
was good fun. Okay, great.

Speaker  70773:20
So, yeah, traveling around on trains in India is a pretty pretty it's a pretty full on experience.

Speaker  72357:20
Okay,

Speaker  73221:20
four months is a good enough time, of course.

Speaker  74229:20
Yeah. So, yeah, we had a good time as well. I did that. I think I did a week in Sri Lanka as well. That was fun as well. Okay, so, yeah, look for the slides. They look, they look better, which is great. So, yeah, I've got some good stuff,

Speaker  79738:40
some good stuff there.

Speaker  80570:40
And I think we already received one or two emails even before the call regarding that preliminary audit stuff which we are going to offer or something like that.

Speaker  83168:00
Okay, awesome, yeah, yes,

Speaker  85472:00
along with me. Sorry,

Speaker  86533:20
I mentioned Chirag Singla, from my team, would be co presenter, yes. So he will be taking care of all the Q and A sections and all that stuff, so that whatever queries you have or whatever. Yes, you can. It's a

Speaker  89717:20
good idea to have someone looking at the chat. Yeah. So that is a good idea.

Speaker  93290:40
Hey guys, thanks for Thanks for joining. Good to see you. Yes, I think like what people in MDS are generally like is to from a service provider. It's always good to have a service provider that basically is able to be competitive by not having team in the in the US or Europe, but at the same time, can deliver a very, very high standard. You know, we have so much press, we have so many pressures on our costs that we're always looking particularly, you know, we're always looking at a P and L, trying to look at like, where we can cut costs as well. So, you know, if you can, if you're able to, you know, provide from a sort of cheaper country, but provide a high standard. That's the kind of, generally, the kind of sweet spot that people in MDS are looking for. And I think what, what can make people in MDS more difficult clients is that they have quite high standards as well. So then, you know, they want to pay lower prices, but they want to, they want, like, the highest level of standards as well. So

Speaker  111450:40
let me, let me tell you that we always face these challenges. Let's say, for example, you see when it comes to MDS members, right? The businesses are so complex and their requirements and demands are too specific. That is why, when I say that we are having a qualified charter content team, we even fail feel sometimes that, let's say, for example, it's too much like so many details, so many customizations, so many requirements. So it's not pretty basic bookkeeping. But at the same time, let's say, for example, other bookkeeping firms operating in us, right? So people compare the standards of those bookkeeping firms with us when it comes to comparing prices, but at the same time, they need almost 2x 3x times of the expertise, or let's say, for example, you know, the quality of the financial statements, responsiveness, 24 hour responsiveness. So of course, it takes you know, time to cater to all those requests, and that is why we'll have to, we have to justify most of the times that, you know, simple, basic bookkeeping versus, like, you know, customized things. Let's say profitability analytics, because, see, basic bookkeeping is one thing, but when it comes to analytics, let's say cash flow forecasting, budgeting, projections, Canada, GST, UK, that European Union, VAT, so it becomes a lot of, you know, it is pretty difficult to deliver Yeah,

Speaker  135189:20
and then yeah. Amazon's always changing stuff that's

Speaker  135877:20
correct at the back end. We have to constantly, you know, keep on researching on the topics. Recently, few months back, I think six months back, Amazon came up with DD plus seven policy implementation like where they were delaying orders in the your pay periods, reports or something like that. So everyone was asking us queries, why this is happening, what this is happening? Because see, and one more thing, people have multiple softwares. They keep on fetching details from multiple softwares and comparing and then with the financial statements. What seller board says? What Amazon number says none of the report matches? Yeah. Oh, and there are, you know, reasons why not matching the timing gap, cut off issues and all that stuff, so we have to cater to all those things.

Speaker  150149:20
Yeah, it's, I guess everyone caters. Everyone deals with returns differently, but I guess so. Do you have you guys sort of developed your own software, or you you using XERO? What do you guys

Speaker  154133:20
use? We are using XERO and QuickBooks Online, most prevalently used, I mean, both of these softwares we are using for clients.

Speaker  156490:40
Yeah,

Speaker  156794:40
yes,

Speaker  157098:40
a lot of times for the for reports and everything else. Well, what are you using for that?

Speaker  158490:40
For which one like

Speaker  159034:40
generating cash flow reports or, yes, you know, sort of weekly P and L or whatever, what? How you get generating those so let's

Speaker  161456:00
say, for example, there are certain tools, but let we specifically use Google Spreadsheets and then refine those presentation with the help of fathom. Is one of the tool, right? So it helps us generating certain insights. Let's say, for example, the data driven or charting and graphing we can use with the help of the Fathom so other than that, we use Google spreadsheet, and specifically for VAD and GST, we don't need to use any software, because it's just that downloading reports from the Amazon and performing the calculations in the Excel spreadsheets itself, because it's like calculation spot and with respect to the input bad liabilities or input GST, so it's like from the invoices itself, whatever Amazon is generating, or, let's say, whatever other invoices clients has for all those expenses.

Speaker  175594:40
Cool, right? I'm just gonna do a couple of MDS slides, and then we'll sort of start the official recording. So first slide is going to be reminding you to use the app. I'm sure you guys are going on YouTube, you're listening to podcasts, and I'm guessing there's more valuable content you could be you could be looking at in the app. Get a slight, yeah, I'm guessing there's more valuable content you could be looking there. You can do it audio only in the car. You can watch your videos on your computer. You've also got channels for retail AI. It's, you know, it's a great place to go. You can also see the top threads in MDS from the homepage as well. If you're just looking for the to pick some highlights. So get your perks, everything else from there. So make sure your app is on your home screen Next up, Milan Summit. I just realized I haven't booked my flights. I booked my ticket, so I'm about to book my flights. I hope you guys are getting your flights booked. And I know a lot of guys coming over from America, organizing a bit of stuff before and afterwards. So hope you guys are able to enjoy it. We have a great time. Next up, yeah, please join the WhatsApp channel. There'll be a scan. You can scan the QR code there, or we'll put a link in the chat afterwards. It's just basically a broadcast channel where I just tell you about what calls are coming up, so you never miss anything. You always know what's, what's, what's on the way next up,

Speaker  200389:20
obviously a partner of the day. It's got to be pros. Politics incredibly popular. Just have a look at the thread, and you can get a free audit there. So never be afraid to to get a free audit. You might just find something really valuable there. And if you know, if you're in the market for a bookkeeper, definitely check these guys out. Okay, okay, so we'll start the recording officially here. Hey guys, welcome to the Mogul. Call really happy to have Mudit on. Mudit, it's been very popular with MDS members, even before, even before we even had official partners. Mood. It's been working with many people in MDS, over 50 clients. Probably Mudit. Is that right? Correct? Great. And you guys work with, you know, Americans, Europeans, all over the world, and can do all different markets. That's right. Is that right? Of

Speaker  216021:20
course, yes. We are working for corporations based in us, and corporations based in UK, Europe and Canada. So these are the major countries, like, where clients are situated, but there are few other clients who are situated across other parts of the globe, but majorly, most of the clients are located around these regions.

Speaker  221482:40
And I'm particularly looking forward to the Q and A, because you have unique access to what's really going on. What do you say you have? What's two? How many clients you say you got about 250 Correct. Yeah. So you really can see what's working what's not working. Very you know, have some unique perspectives on on E commerce. So I'm looking forward, simply looking forward to the Q and A but yeah, should we make a start? You want to share the slides if you guys have questions as we go. Chirag is here as well. He can answer the questions in the chat. So feel free to answer questions in the chat as well. We can tackle them as we go, and then we can also cover questions in the Q and A later on.

Speaker  233093:20
Sure. So she can

Speaker  233477:20
go ahead and share your screen.

Speaker  233845:20
Yes, I'll do that. You

Speaker  236666:40
Is it? Presenter? View?

Speaker  237434:40
Yeah, it looks good. That looks good. Full screen from here, perfect.

Speaker  239066:40
Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am Mudit Jain, founder of prosper lytic consultants, and I'm pretty excited to share some game changing insights into the E commerce bookkeeping insights that have the potential to transform your business. So today, I would be speaking on the topic the ins and outs of E commerce, bookkeeping, we will explore the financial strategies that set seven and eight figure sellers apart, because this is not just about staying compliant, it's about leveraging Your books as a strategic tool to drive growth scale effectively and ultimately maximize your exit value. Over the next 30 minutes, I will walk you through what top sellers do differently, the costly mistakes to avoid, and how proper bookkeeping can help you increase your valuations, and hence, let's say, for example, the exit multiples or scalability of the business. So let's dive right in.

Speaker  260832:00
Before we dive in, let me briefly introduce prosper lytics. We are not traditional bookkeeping or accounting firm. We tend to go beyond basic bookkeeping to truly add value to our client's business. Most of our clients are fast scaling e commerce entrepreneurs and many of you know, traditional bookkeeping often falls short in addressing the unique complexities of this space. I would like to shed some light on what sets prosper lytic apart from the other bookkeeping firms. I would quickly wrap this up so that we can shift to the core technical area, which is a pretty important here. Our team is led by chartered accountants who have deep knowledge across Amazon, Shopify and other e commerce, market channels. We have developed robust financial processes because we have built the systems, keeping in mind that what an entrepreneur requires from the financial perspective, so key things which I personally feel there are three basic requirements. First one is monthly managerial reporting. Second one is year end financial statements submission for from the taxation perspectives. So we need to submit financial statements to the CPA, who, in turn, will file taxes with the respective authorities. And then the last one is that preparation of books in a manner so that it solves all the purposes, whether it's capital raising, whether it's bank loans, SPL loans, long term exits, preparation from the due diligence perspective, submission to the brokers and all that stuff. Now next is the operational excellence. In addition to, are you

Speaker  292784:00
supposed to be on this slide sale, or are you supposed to move forward slides,

Speaker  294309:20
yes, that's fine.

Speaker  294789:20
Okay, cool, just checking

Speaker  295141:20
yes, that's fine. So the operational excellence, in addition to the core services, we emphasize quality and responsiveness. A rigorous two level review process helps us attain accuracy, 24 hour response time acknowledgement to all the emails and communications, right? Help us stay in touch with the clients, right? Let's say, for example, we are based in different time zones, working in this global world, someone is sitting where someone is sitting here, and then it's pretty important that we stay in touch and 24 hour response time we believe is a game changer for us, and then we are proud to serve 50 plus MDS clients. And today, I would love to share some of the common financial patterns and the strategies we have observed amongst our most successful clients. Let's start with the foundation. What separates the top performers from everyone else? Top Sellers understand that bookkeeping is not just record keeping, it's Strategic Intelligence. They try to implement few important things which are pre ingredient for preparation of financial statements, very important ingredients. First one is accrual based accounting. Accrual based accounting for is pretty important for true financial visibility, segmented financials to understand what's really driving profits. Because specifically for E commerce channels, right? Some people are selling into operating in different marketplaces, operating different brands, regions. So let's say, when someone expands to another marketplace, if everything would be lumped together, right? So it will not give them good insights that how each and every marketplace is performing. Next is clean cost of goods sold and inventory. I'm sure this is nightmare for most of you, at least, I'm not sure like you know whosoever is on the call, if it's nightmare for them. But for my 50 MDS clients, out of 5049, clients. For 49 clients, inventory and cost of goods sold area is nightmare for them. So we have developed some processes in this area which are pretty important, and we are able to perform certain measures like inventory reconciliations and all that stuff, so that we have clean inventory valuations, because inventory is segregated in the multiple places, warehouses, Three, Pl warehouse, Amazon warehouse. So it's pretty important to have clean cost of goods sold and inventory numbers. Secondly, they prepare the books with the end in mind. So most of the top sellers, they actually focus for the long term. So they prepare their books with the end in mind, meaning every entry is made considering the impact, let's say, for example, what would be the impact from the potential tax audits? What would be the impact like future investment due diligence requirements, exit readiness, valuation optimization. So this forward thinking approach is what allows top sellers to command premium valuations when it's time to sell, and they scale business in a pretty different manner in comparison to the other people, let's say, for example, other entrepreneurs who are not following these fundamentals of accounting or the preparation of books, because I will cover many things in our upcoming slides here, here, in this slide, it gets little interesting, because I would like to some shed some light that bookkeeping is not just about looking backwards, So it's your most powerful tool for driving growth forward, and the data is compelling. We have analyzed this data for the past several years, and because of the clients we handle, let's say, for example, seven figure sellers track metrics three times more granularly than six figure sellers, I have observed, one common trait here, I would like to put stress on, is that people feel if they want to file taxes on cash basis, then they start doing accounting also on a cash basis. Sooner or later, they don't know how fast the business grows, and sooner or later, they realize they are like, don't have a proper systems in the place, because they don't know whether the business is making money. They don't know whether the business is losing money, because cash accounting never gives you accurate financials not provide you any clarity. So strategic bookkeeping reduces decision delay by 65% imagine making critical business decisions 65% faster it can change the complete game. Well prepared financials can increase exit multiples. We cannot say, because it's pretty, you know, case to case basis, it depends a lot of other factors depend. Because it's not only financial due diligence, it's like tax due diligence, operational due diligence. There are a lot of factors involved, but still financials, we have observed this because we have been part of multiple exits. You know, when we are serving clients, and we have observed this pattern, when you have granular control over your profit and loss and cash flows, you can identify profitable opportunities faster than your competitors. Let's say, for example, cut unprofitable activities before they drain resources. Scale what's working with confidence, and then, at last, make data driven decisions instead of gut feeling guesses. This is why, in this slide, I would like to conclude that bookkeeping is a growth lever, not just a compliance requirements. So let's move on to the next slide. Now, yes, here we would like to talk about that, what kills growth in a business? I see five critical mistakes rapidly, and would like to provide some insights on those mistakes in this specific slide. First one is income and expense netting, recording only net amounts instead of gross sales, it destroys complete visibility. So if you have a revenue of 1 million and expenses, operational expenses of 500,000 Amazon charging you selling fees of 15% fulfillment fees another 20, 30% and if you're netting them off right, it destroys complete visibility. We have observed this in many clients, because whenever clients transition to us, the audit is our first step, which we perform on their books, we ask for the restricted access so we are able to comment upon the patents, like what classic mistakes we observe in any of the books which we see next is lack of granularity. This is pretty

Speaker  426405:20
would an example of that be not accounting the VAT in sales tax properly.

Speaker  427930:40
What so

Speaker  428394:40
under the first one income and expense netting, would an example of that be done the wrong way? Would that be not accounting for VAT in sales tax properly?

Speaker  430890:40
Yes, they it can be that as well, because, let's say, for example, considering the VAD, considering VAD, right, reporting. Amazon keeps on changing. Let's say Canada, GST, VAD, also sales tax, because in initial years, right when we started this, providing services, Amazon was not acting as a marketplace facilitator. But these days, Amazon is acting as a marketplace facilitator. So you can say, but apart from that, when I was referring to income and expense netting, so I mean to say, let's say, for example, refunded orders, right? You did sales of 100,000 US dollar, but now you have refunds of 20,000 US dollar. So it means how your accountant is reporting numbers. It matters, because if he will report 80,000 in sales, that's fine, because the net number is 80,000 only, but actually how you would come to know that the refund rate is 20% of the total sales, if he is netting off expenses or refunds with the sales right? So they can be many examples, like you just mentioned, sales tax wet netting off, or, let's say, refunds with the revenue netting off. They can be many examples, like this. Next one is lack of granularity. Now, lumping everything together, instead of breaking it down by the marketplace, right, or the product line or the region, right, it creates a lot of mess. You cannot optimize what you cannot measure. Now, let me give you example here, what we observe. You know, Amazon charge fulfillment fees, selling fees and inventory storage fees. If your accountant is putting storage fees expense into the Amazon fulfillment fees itself, there might be a possibility you are doing 1 million in sales on a monthly basis, and fulfillment fees is 200,000 US dollar, but inventory storage fees is 15,000 for a particular month. Now, if both of them are lumped together, you don't know that storage fees is being charged 15,000 on a monthly basis. Sometimes Amazon charge long term storage fees, then inventory over age fees. So when we track each and everything at a granular level, right? So on the face of the P and L, you see inventory storage fees, some clients even prefer some of the MDS clients even prefer us to segregate storage fees also into the multiple components. Though it creates a pretty long Chart of Accounts. But some clients prefer that. Some members prefer that, that even in the storage fees, we need to present inventory storage fees, monthly inventory storage fees, long term storage fees, let's say wine enrollment, whatever it is, whatever components are, right? So it depends. It matters a lot, that lack of granularity, this is a most important mistake, because you don't know, like you know, where what you are being charged for, and hence you cannot optimize what you cannot measure unreconciled inventory, as I mentioned earlier, that quarter end inventory or year end inventory, physical verification processes, right? We have observed whenever we ask, because whenever we onboard any client, or let's say we are in discussions, we generally ask these questions from the clients in the quotation Assessment Checklist, like what periodic structures they have, like when they reconcile inventory, how often they reconcile inventory, whether at year end or something like that, because see, most of the sellers, they're procuring products from outside United States. So there are certain things, inventory sitting in warehouse, inventory sitting in Amazon, right against open purchase orders. You might have paid something in advance, but they are still in production right now. Apart from that 100% paid for consignments, they are in transit, but they have not yet arrived any of the warehouse, or any of Amazon warehouse, or three BL warehouse. So all those things needs to be reconciled at a proper level, so that we know, because with Amazon also, like you know, a lot of damages, inventory, damages, lost warehouse, all those things, disposals, liquidations, we have to keep all those things you know, reporting in control, so that on a monthly basis, whatever your cost is on account of the disposals, liquidations, we have a standard process regarding that uncoordinated VAT and GST processing, poor tax filing coordination across borders leads To missed recovery opportunities. I would like to specifically explain you this with the help of real time examples, because it's pretty important. I'll cover it in the next slide. That poor compliant compliance create audit risks. Next one is poor monthly closing discipline. Waiting months to close books means stale data for decision making, creates a nightmare during exit preparation. So these mistakes don't just impact your day to day operations. They significantly reduce your business valuation. Now let me share two real examples of how bookkeeping mistakes cost our clients money and how we recovered it. So I have presented two case studies here, one for the UK VAT and another for the Canada GST clients, seven figure MDS seller seven figure MDS sellers issues, I have highlighted that missed input VAT input claims. In case of the Canada, it's like missed GST input claims. Now I would like to mention here that specifically with VAD, UK, VAD and Canada GST, any entrepreneur, he has hired multiple professionals, right? Bookkeeping is a separate department. Person handling Canada GST, filings and returns is a separate department. Now let's say, for example, if the frequency of filing Canada GST return is annual, your professional still needs to work on a monthly basis, whether he's doing that or not. This is pretty required. This needs to be assessed. Why now say we have to finalize monthly financial statements without input, liability calculations without output, liability calculations on a monthly basis. How we can finalize can, uh, bookkeeping, so we observe a lot of errors around these areas, and we have specifically helped many of our clients recovering these amounts from respective taxation authorities. I have just mentioned two examples here, but I have at least 10 plus examples, real case studies where I can say now in on in real time, as of now also, we are processing two cases per assessment where it's like 150,000 euros is in question for One specific client alone. So key takeaway here is that, again, proper bookkeeping is not just about compliance. It's a financial recovery tool. When implemented and reviewed correctly, your books can literally put money back in your pocket, and recently, we are already handling many cases, you know where we are recovering all these money from the respective authorities. Top Sellers Don't, don't just track revenue and expenses. They monitor metrics that give them competitive advantages. Now, there are certain metrics which we see often missed by certain entrepreneurs when they're actually reviewing things, or, let's say, for example, the accounting chart of accounts is not structured in a manner that they can actually see this, as mentioned earlier, that granular level details are missing. If they are not there, they cannot analyze the metrics. So they're like, I have segregated here, uh,

Speaker  571050:40
revenue matrix, operational matrix, and then financial health metrics. So revenue matrix, gross margin by segment, marketplace, sq, level, profitability, to identify winners and losers. This is pretty important, because I know most of the people, they are using certain tools, soft seller legend, seller board. But again, many of the MDS clients have you know are taking this specific service from us, which is like SQ level profitability, because we provide them commentary, what to change, which selling prices to change, or, let's say, for example, which products not moving fast, where ad spend is pretty high, all those kind of analytics we are doing here. Then operational metrics, inventory as a percentage of revenue, fulfillment, cost monitoring for operational efficiency, and then marketing spends, efficiency across channels. Next one is financial health metrics. It includes like working capital management, cash flow visibility, expense ratios, all those things. So these metrics enable proactive decision making. Now, top sellers, instead of reacting to the problems, right, they anticipate it in advance and prevent them. So that is pretty important that if you prevent any problems in advance, so that you don't have to think of you know reaction to those problems. Next would be chart of accounts. The foundation of all this tracking is a properly designed Chart of Accounts, most e commerce sellers use generic charts that destroys visibility, because see again e commerce niche, specific, a tailored e commerce chart of accounts should break out core categories like This, income by marketplace region or brand cogs, product, shipping, handling, duties, ad spends, PPC platforms, let's say, for example, even if we business has taken four different loans. Say, for example, now one is to just open one interest expense ledger and then sum up all the interest expenses for all the four different loans into one ledger itself. Another possibility is that that we will create four different ledger accounts for those four respective loans, so that you have that crystal clear visibility that which loan, how much interest you are paying against each loan. So Chart of Accounts needs to be pretty granular, and it needs to be tailored. Because generic Chart of Accounts, it is not going to work. And this is the core requirement that, because see, everything is linked, right? KPIs, how KPIs are linked again, this is a starting foundation Chart of Accounts. It helps you. Would

Speaker  619210:40
this be a monthly thing or an annual thing?

Speaker  620122:40
What would

Speaker  620522:40
Chart of Accounts be done manually? I mean, be done annually or monthly?

Speaker  621850:40
No, the Chart of Account is a one time setup stuff, right? So let's say, for example, once it is set up, once all those ledgers are created, right? We will be presenting, of course, all those statistics on a monthly basis in that chart of account itself, so that variance analysis can be performed. So this is a one time structure, of course. Now let's say, for example, after five months, right? There are certain changes, new loan taken by a client. Let's say, for example, so we will have to open few new ledgers at that particular point of time, right? So let's say you started a new marketplace, Tiktok right? In the first five months, you're not you're selling only on Amazon, US and Shopify store, doing website sales. And then after five months, you started with Tiktok store. Let's say you're into the pet products niche. You started with QE marketplace. You started with certain wholesale channel or something like that. So every point of time we will have to amend all those chart of account structure or recreate new ledgers at that particular point of time. The benefits are transformational, unparallel clarity into what drives profits, actionable insights for optimization, performance tracking that enables scaling, complete financial control. And now the export insight I would like to put focus on here is that this is not optional. If you want to scale effectively. This has to be done. There is no work around around this, because Chart of Accounts has to be, you know, pretty granular, and it cannot be generic. It has to be tailored. So this is not optional. If you want to scale effectively or maximize your exit value. Let's move on to the next slide,

Speaker  653194:40
revenue recognition the right way. Here's where many sellers get it wrong. I have touched it to some extent in my previous slides also, but this specific slide is for the revenue recognition because for E commerce business, revenue recognition matters most for service based businesses. It's not important because cash and accrual almost same. There might be a possibility, but when it comes to e commerce, time lag between payments, pay periods, 14 days, seven days, whatever it is right. Revenue recognition policy is pretty important. So revenue recognition is not just an accounting concept. It affects every business decision you make. This is why it's pretty important that why accrual versus cash, why net versus gross? Now see cash accounting only shows money received, right, having cut off issues. So normally. Now most of the clients, they have seasonal business, and moreover, November, December being the holiday season, right? Certain client sales, almost many of the clients, they're like, almost two times, three times, during those specific months right now, let's say, for example, if we are doing it on a cash basis, you're having a lot of sales in the month of December, and the pay period starts from 18th of a particular month, 18th of December, and ends on second January. Now you receive money from Amazon on fourth January. And if you are following cash basis, it means that will not be considered in your December month sales, right? So it creates a lot of difference that those cut off issues. This is why accrual accounting is always preferable, because accrual accounting matches revenue to when it's earned. Accrual provides the true picture of the business performance, and likewise, net versus grass, this I have already covered in the mistakes, bookkeeping mistakes we observed the first point, so I would not touch it here in this slide. And the golden rule is that always record grow sales first, then account for fees, refunds and adjustments and accrual versus cash. So of course, accrual, this approach requires specialized bookkeeping to handle complex platform data flows, but it's essential for true business visibility. And I always face one question from the clients regularly in my calls that if they are filing into the cash basis, we are saying that we will handle books in accrual basis. Trust me, it takes just few hours to convert your year end financial statements from accrual to cash. It just take few hours on monthly basis, we will follow accrual, but at year end, we will just convert accrual into the cash. It just take few hours, and we'll share that with the CPA for tax reporting purposes. But there is no work around to convert cash based financial statements into accrual certain clients, since we are partner with certain M A firms, also one of the forms is fortunate or some other firms. So when they refer clients to us, right? So it's like they have always done cash, and now they record their requirement is that they want us to perform past two years, bookkeeping from the financial sale perspective, due diligence perspective, add backs perspective, seller discretionary earnings, because and there is no work around that, cash statements would be converted into accrual quickly. We will have to perform each and everything from the pretty scratch. Let's move on to the next slide, preparing for exit or just peace of mind, I would rather suggest, even if you are not planning to sell tomorrow, exit preparations should start today. Why? Because exit ready books are simply better books. I have mentioned few things here, like clean, accurate books are non negotiable for maximum valuation, we see 20 to 30% impact regularly, smooth due diligence that does not delay closing, maintaining negotiation leverage throughout the process. Now, there are certain red flags that kill deals. We must eliminate few things, or let's say, for example, so the I would like to highlight red flags, first, financial inconsistencies that raise cushions, unreconciled, items that suggest poor controls. Let's say, for example, there are some unexplained variances. Because see, when we are maintaining Chart of Accounts, proper Chart of Accounts. Varian variance analysis can be done, how the metrics are changing, how the COGS is going up, down, all those things, right? So if we have variants, because we see this every now and then, because of the freight costs change now, recent example, lot of tariffs duties, if we don't have control, how we are going to explain that before implication of the tariffs, the cost of goods sold was 15% of the sales. And now, after implementation, our books are representing, oh, 35% 30% until and unless sales price have been increased in the same pace, or something like that, so unreconciled items and unexplained variances that suggest poor controls, lack of documentation, supporting add backs. Seller discretionary earnings add backs must be clearly justified and documented. Buyers and their accountants will challenge everything we have observed this in many, many, uh exit processes where we are part of, I would like to explain this with the help of example, life case study. We we were meant we were preparing books for one of the MDS sellers only. So he's a member. We have, though, we have taken the permission, you know, specifically putting this here. We have taken his permissions that we can present here. But still, we'll keep the name anonymous. Of course, eight figure MDS seller during the due diligence process, because we were handling bookkeeping for them for the past several years, and later, at a later stage, he decided that he want to take an exit from the business, and then he reached out to the brokers. So the thing is, we maintained certain things. Let's say, for example, that due diligence companies right. Say, for example, from the buyer side, whosoever was doing due diligence, and in this case, it was a big four consulting firm. Now, despite their best efforts to challenge the numbers, the end conclusion was they accepted whatever we presented in our profits and seller discretionary earnings. So this was a big win for the client, because actually, when valuation happens right, clients are of opinion. It's like, let's say, for example, the valuation is eight millions. But now whatever they are challenging, it's reducing valuation by 500,000 US dollar. So when you compare 500,000 US dollar with 8 million, when you think of Oh, no, the business is pretty uncertain. There are a lot of challenges. So you normally think that it's fine, let's go ahead with it. But specifically, if you have all these processes in place, all this chart of accounts, whatever I discussed, clean and accurate books, justification for all the ad backs, believe me and trust me that you can save hundreds of 1000s, and in fact, millions, also into the valuation when the time will come the seller maximize their exit value because they invested in proper bookkeeping from day one. So the key success factors were platform, specific expertise that buyers trusted, documentation that anticipated every question, proactive communication throughout the process. So let's say, for example, we raise queries from them the next day. We are ready with the answers we respond to those queries that we are done with this so we don't have to think twice, because when we are following those protocols from the pretty start, we have answers and justifications for each and everything. Next slide would be client patterns and the winning advice. What successful sellers do differently. After working with hundreds of sellers, I see clear patterns among the winners. What are the winning patterns? So I would like to share some of my insights on this. Like proactivity is one of them, most of the clients, most of the successful sellers. They review financials, monthly dot, quarterly, scaling discipline. They maintain detailed KPIs. KPIs as they grow so top sellers maintain clean books even during chaotic growth periods, and use financial KPIs to guide expansion decisions. Start Strong, starting strong.

Speaker  810373:20
Bookkeeping needs to be established early and in fact, robust bookkeeping needs to be established in the early stages of the company. It's not like that once the company scales up and then you will implement bookkeeping focus on visibility. Granular reporting is the most important example. The more granular reportings you will ask because, and I would like to say that MDS people are pretty demanding, of course, when it comes to customization, specifications and all that stuff. But yes, we have developed this niche, and we also find this valuable, that if we can add certain value to the clients, because we are getting questions like ABC and then we need to respond sometimes, we will have to do lot of research also, and of course, it enhances our education, and it trains us also in a better manner that we get certain kind of question sets from the clients that we need to provide answers to. So it's like pretty specific requirements which we observe. So these are the winning patents, or the client patterns and the winning advice. And the last slide is, I think I hmm, special offer in the Q and A section. But before that, I would like to summarize the four critical takeaways. First one is customized Chart of Accounts. Customized chart of accounts is foundation. Generic accounting destroys e commerce visibility, accrual based platform, specific revenue recognition reveals true profits and enables, of course, better decisions, clean investor, ready books, increase exit multiples, this could be worth millions, etc. Proactive. Financial discipline is vital for scaling. Reactive accounting kills growth. Now I have an exclusive offer for MDS members here, we would be performing a complimentary financial audit. I would like to say here there's some electricity issue, but please bear with me. It'll be sorted within seconds. Now have an exclusive offer for MDS members, complimentary financial audit, including Chart of Accounts review and optimization recommendations, revenue recognition, analysis, process improvement plan. So let's say, for example, whatever clients who are interested in getting the financial audit done. So normally, what we do is we have mentioned here that you can send us an email at info@prosperlytics.com and mention the subject complementary audit MDS mogul call. We generally ask for restricted access to your accounting software. Let's say, for example, if you're maintaining books in QuickBooks Online, or if you're maintaining books in Xero accounting software. We will ask restricted access to that specific software, and then we will perform we are not going to ask you to provide us access to your E commerce channels like Amazon and website store and all that stuff. It's just accounting access. We will perform critical analysis review, from the review perspective that you know what all improvements can be done, because what looks weird from the face of the profit and loss account or balance sheet, sometimes we observe inventory value is coming negative. GST liability is coming out to be negative. All those kind of things, we will provide and share insights on all those things in that complimentary audit analysis. Before we wrap up, I want to open it up for questions now, what specific bookkeeping challenges are you facing? What aspects of scaling or exit preparation, keep you up at night. So all those things I think I can answer. If you have any specific questions, you can ask me in the Q and A session now. Thank you once again for your time today. Remember your books are either a strategic weapon or a liability. There is no middle ground. The choice is yours. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Speaker  886693:20
Okay, thank you Mudit, well done.

Speaker  888549:20
So track, do you want to just update us on FTS question and what you can say on the chat? So it's a good question.

Speaker  891674:40
So they were asking as to when the inventory should be a part of our P and L versus when it should be reflected on the balance sheet, or, let's say when it should be a part of our stock, so in this specific case, as and when we pay the deposit, or, let's say, the final value, it would be a part of our vendor pre payment. And as soon as the inventory is received in the US, either in the three PL or at Amazon location, it should be added as an inventory asset in our books. It would be added to the P and L only when the goods are sold, so it would be a part of cost of goods sold when the inventory is actually sold on Amazon or any of your sales channel. Hope that helps.

Speaker  905061:20
Great. Thanks. Chirag, so next question we've got is, how would you recommend doing an order if the current bookkeeper is using QuickBooks Desktop, and what does that transition to? With that transition to QBO or Xero,

Speaker  910250:40
we can always start with the audit with the existing books. So what we generally do is we ask for access of the existing books, and we perform a preliminary audit, giving them a status of the books, as to what is the current scenarios. What are the status of the books looking like? Are the books redoable, or there is a lot of irregularities in the numbers? And in that case, we always prefer moving to a new software in that let's say, in the current example, we can move from QuickBooks Desktop to Xero, but we'll have to use a starting point. Let's say now that we are in the middle of 2025 if we now plan to transition, the earliest starting point for us would be 2024 so we will have to use 2024 numbers as a base and then build up 2025 in the new software.

Speaker  924538:40
I would also like to add one more thing here. If the current bookkeeper uses QuickBooks Desktop, then you don't need to provide us access to that specific software. You can just share your financial statements along with the ledger, let's say month on month balance sheet, month on month profit and loss account, along with the journal ledger, right? And that would be sufficient for us to perform an audit.

Speaker  931344:00
Great. Thanks, guys. So do you think that we should be looking at weekly reports as well as monthly reports, or do you think it's best just to look at monthly reports.

Speaker  934293:20
I think a monthly report is much better until and unless specific things needs to be tracked, say, for example. See, it depends upon case to case basis, because I personally feel now, let's say, for example, the weekly report right? See, when it comes to accounting for Amazon, right, 14 days pay period, how seven days revenue will be recorded, and how seven days Cost of Goods Sold would be recorded. So for the expenses perspective only, what we can do in those cases is that we can keep on, uh, we can keep working on banking and the credit card transactions from the expenses perspective on a weekly basis, and can present those things, but see certain uh things, let's say, for example, VAD stuff, output liability, input liability. They need to be closed, everything on a monthly basis. Now let's say disposals, costs, liquidations cost. There are so many things like, you know, which we will have to take care of the processes from the weekly basis? I don't think so that makes much sense to track all those things on a weekly basis, right? But yes, operational statistics, we the those can be tracked weekly, but complete accounting or complete profit and loss account monthly, makes most sense to us.

Speaker  955045:20
Okay? So have you up? We've been able to save quite a lot of money by shipping direct to Amazon and not using free pls. So I think in Europe, we're still using a free PL but in the UK, we're generally shipping straight to Amazon, and in America, we are shipping straight to a WT or straight into Amazon. Have you generally seen that? That's a good way to save money. That's worked. Well. Have you seen that work? Well for a lot of clients.

Speaker  963984:00
Chirag, would you able to answer that?

Speaker  964608:00
I think it's more of an operational thing, because we have not done the cost benefit analysis when it comes to sending inventory to threepl versus sending inventory to AWD then to Amazon locations. So I think it's more of an operational thing. But short, if something comes up, we can definitely do an analysis and comment on it,

Speaker  971322:40
yeah, because obviously the disadvantage is that you, if you something doesn't sell well, you end up with all of your stock in Amazon. And if something sells very well, then you don't have the extra flexibility to send more in quickly, and you can end up with problems with with a WD, but with our business, we just have, we have squeezed margins, so we kind of needed to look for ways to save money, and it's been worth it for us by just wondering if that's been worth it for other people. So yeah, if you, if you're able to find anything about out, let us know. And what I'm guessing that most other businesses are getting their margin squeezed with AD costs, fees, rising tariffs. What have you seen as being the most effective ways to save money and protect margins?

Speaker  983909:20
As Mudit mentioned, keeping a key check on your KPIs, let's say keeping a check on your ad spend budgets, comparing those ad spend budgets with actual and then looking at the ad spend as a percentage of your revenue, and at the same time keeping a check on your expenses as a percentage of sale. I think that is the major driver to keep a check on the overall health of the business.

Speaker  991162:40
Okay,

Speaker  992394:40
so I guess in in the beginning days, in the early days of Amazon, the people that that made the most money were generally the people to just launch the most products. And I know there's a lot of people at MDs that have built really huge brands, right brands that are now internationally recognized, and a lot of people that built very strong brands within their particular and particular niches, but I also know there are a lot of people in MDs that just launch a lot of products, have a ton of brands, and are able to just drive value and make a lot of money that way. What have you seen? How important do you think brand building is now, and what sort of value do you think people get from those extra costs that are associated with brands? Associated with brand

Speaker  1004986:40
building? Shall I? Shall I respond? Chirag,

Speaker  1005514:40
yeah, please. Go ahead.

Speaker  1006362:40
Okay, so see, since we are we have seen books for multiple since we have seen books for multiple businesses or the multiple owners and different niche basically, right, we have seen a lot of varied examples here. In this case, there are certain businesses that, if they're selling 20 products, only two products are generating 80% of the margins. So specifically, it's, it depends upon the business niche. Certain businesses, they're selling hundreds of SKUs, right? And it's like a equal, almost equal mix. Let's say, for example, top 50% 60% of the sales out of 200 SKUs, 150 SKUs, so almost most of the you know, SQS are generating equal sales. So again, as I said that it's specific to the niche also, or sometimes in now, with specific to the other marketplaces, let's say Tiktok or something like that. We have seen even certain cases where it's like, one video went viral, and the revenue scales, let's say, for example, 10x in comparison to the previous month, right? So we have seen examples like that as well, when out of for one of the MDS client itself, right where it happened? So it's like, it depends upon the niche, and then a lot of other things, other operational stuff, also that how building a brand, basically in today's world, is going to be successful. All

Speaker  1032821:20
right, so next question is, my margins in Europe seem to have jumped up. Seem to have jumped up suddenly at some point. I think it was when Amazon started collecting the VAT themselves and then charging it back to me. I think potentially, maybe Amazon's not invoicing me for as much VAT as they should be. Is this something that you've is this something that you've noticed with any of your clients? No,

Speaker  1040202:40
there might be a possibility that, you know, the VAD liability is not being net off in the profit and loss account. What I can personally think of this situation can be, I'm not sure, because it also matters, like, let's say, for example, where the client is based, because for UK, VAD, right, for the sellers based in us, right? It acts as a marketplace facilitated. But the companies, if companies incorporated in UK, then there might be a possibility that they're not netting it off like, you know, whatever output VAT liability is, because, let's say, for example, if the gross sales is 1000 then VAD needs to be netted off like, you know, it's actually 80 or something like that, or 85 whatever it is, then there might be a possibility that the net number in the profit and loss account appears to be on the higher side. I'm not sure. I cannot comment on this, because there are certain parameters, like I mentioned that whether the client is based in us or client is based in UK, the reporting standards would be different and adjustments entries would be different.

Speaker  1057184:00
Now this is around August last year, when it happened, and all of a sudden, my margins just jumped overnight in Europe. And I'm always worried that one day, Amazon's going to come with a huge they're going to realize their mistake and come come at me with a huge vat built. Oh, well, yeah, have a look. See, see, let me know about that one, because I'd be interested to see if you've seen that in if you've seen that in other places. Are there any what, what Amazon fees or maybe other costs. Do you think that sellers don't properly account for that they maybe forget about and they they hurt their margins?

Speaker  1069290:40
No, I don't think so. Like I can answer any specific fees, because, see, it depends. Because when we start audit any books right when we start our audit, actually, what we observe is that there is one ledger in profit and loss account which says Amazon fees. Now if Amazon is charging 10 different fees, they are clubbed into that specific one ledger, so until and unless we perform detailed review from the seller central reports, right? Because, let's say I can tell this that, you know, granularity is not there by looking at the chart of accounts, but I cannot comment upon the actual number, like, what is included, what is not included in that, and generally, because see, certain clients, certain bookkeeping firms, they use a tox software. Let me tell you a certain because they sync all those data, marketplace data into their accounting software. Now it becomes pretty problematic for us, because, see, we know that this number is not accurate. Say, for example, I know that this piece number should be 150,000 but now it is coming out to be 154,800 I cannot draw a reason that why it is coming like this, because the client has synced a to x, and it is almost because a to x syncs each and every order into your accounting software, which is not at all required, right? And it becomes pretty difficult to assess why this error of 4800 US dollar is coming. And likewise, I keep on recommending to the clients that, let's say, for example, for US based clients, if at the year end, form 1099, issued by the Amazon. So there need to be a proper reconciliation between form 1099, numbers versus what the numbers are. Bookkeeping software is reflecting right? So they have there has to be a proper reconciliation between the two. We have observed when we review certain books, we are at a to x is syncing data, right? We are trying to map the reconciliations with form 1099, issued with the Amazon. We see some cut off issues. Sometimes it's like Amazon is presenting something in certain expense nature, right? A to X is presenting in a separate nature, so we can not comment upon what is missing, and not once we have access to the seller central account. Then also we can tell that, you know, tell that specific client that, as per your profit and loss account, the total number which Amazon charge you comes out to be 200,000 but as for our calculation and the Amazon reporting, it comes out to be 210,000 we can give them segregation of 210,000 This is selling fees, this is fulfillment fees, this is wine enrollment fees, this is FBA partner carrier shipment fee. This is inventory overage fees. But we cannot say like which fee was missed, because there is no granularity in the reporting with which we are comparing, because everything is lumped into one single ledger,

Speaker  1121968:00
right? All right, thanks, guys. I know Etienne had one more question, but I can see that's been answered in the chat. Etienne let me know if you have any follow up questions on that there is a feedback link on the chat. So if you guys could, just as usual, rate this call out at 10, give me any feedback, I would appreciate that. Mudit, you want to just share your email address in the QR code again, so in case anyone wants to get in touch with you for free audit or for any other questions.

Speaker  1130757:20
So yeah, we've covered. So yeah, just info@prospolitics.com and you can also go to you can go via partners in the MDS app as well. Coming from there as well. We will have this recording up tomorrow. So once again, guys, thanks, thanks. We didn't Chirag for coming on. Thanks everyone for joining, and I will catch you guys next week. Bye, okay,

Speaker  1136800:00
thank you. Bye,

Speaker  1137327:59
you guys. Bye, Cheers. Bye.

Speaker  1142293:20
Hey, Jamie, are you still there?

Speaker  1142661:19
Hey, how's it going?

Speaker  1143221:19
Yeah, good, thanks, hello. Yeah, the boys are now, yeah, so you answered, so I had the last question about the UK VAT. He answered, but the answer he gave was not easy. My dream would be he shares in the for MDS people, okay, if you're, if you're a Europe company, you should do this. This that to make sure that you're not leaving money on the table. If your company this in the US, do this. This, that something like this,

Speaker  1152458:40
they want you to do the audit Right,

Speaker  1153263:59
yeah, but I guess, well, yeah, if they could do something like this, that would be

Speaker  1154975:59
Yeah, no, I would ask,

Speaker  1156192:00
all right, good see

Speaker  1156527:59
you. Good to see you. Yeah. Have a good evening, Jamie, you can say goodbye. Cheers.
