Logistics Channel Call Oct 2025
Date: October 17, 2025

Speaker  224:00
Yeah, we get the placement fee and then just take advantage, because Uber freight for those locations is only, sometimes only around $300

Speaker  1920:00
Yeah, I used to do them a lot, but not anymore. They became very hard in the in the last year to get on to eight lakhs, nine, LGB, eight. They were not like back in the day, there were like hacks. There were ways you medically addressed, but becoming, becoming very, very hard. I don't enjoy them anymore, because it was a bit stressful for me and the team. Now with AWD, is something I like the most about that we don't have to worry. Where is it going to go? No matter what, it will go somewhere. There's any problem, we just follow up with the AWD. So that's the beauty of it, yeah, and we see more our inventory, inventory distributed across USA, yeah,

Speaker  14490:40
yeah, yeah. That's the only. That was the only, you know thing I wanted to listen about last, last month, and you guys talked about it, so it was kind of helpful, in

Speaker  17472:00
a way. I'm just gonna post on the group just to get more. I guess everyone is tired after Prime Day. I don't know,

Speaker  19504:00
right?

Speaker  20640:00
Yeah, you usually have more than that, but I don't know what's what's wrong

Speaker  22357:20
you guys. Is the meeting usually the like second, or is

Speaker  23381:20
this? Yeah, it's always fixed. It just makes it easier. It's sorry, yeah, it's the second Thursday, yeah, 9pm at 9am California time, yeah,

Speaker  26677:20
yeah, okay, I'll put that in my Yeah, because yeah,

Speaker  28330:39
yeah, we also shared the calendar as well. Yeah, in the group? Yeah. I don't know if you part of the group or not.

Speaker  30218:39
Yeah? No, he just sends me the he sends me the links to join in, but I'll add it to my calendar that way I know to ask them in the morning or something, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  32800:00
yeah. I'm just gonna say we are live now.

Speaker  35311:59
Maybe someone will join, yeah. But you guys import from China or we do Yeah, so that means you have a staging three. PL, yeah,

Speaker  38101:20
yeah. We, we have our warehouse. So we, we receive it here. It's not too big. It's a smaller size warehouse, but we ship it from everything from here. FBA, so you probably work in the warehouse, yeah, yeah. There's a little office section here. So we have the office section is pretty small. It's like four offices, and then we have the rest of the warehouse. Yeah, you find it

Speaker  45066:40
much easier when you break, when you bring in everything to the warehouse, and then sort out everything, and then later, and then send to Amazon, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  47370:40
because they also do the QC here. So it's, you know, since, since we're selling booths, you know, a lot of them are overseas. They put it together by hand a lot. So it's like, sometimes we'll run into an issue, and if we have a ship straight to AWD or something like that, yeah, I think I

Speaker  51984:00
remember, I think, you guys, you guys, sell shoes, right? That's what, great, yeah, like, work boots, work boots, yeah, work boots, yeah,

Speaker  54533:20
yeah. So it's kind of hard to to trust that every we only do, like, 1% QC, so it's not much, but we do find they find issues sometimes, and if we send that to FBA, we're kind of screwed, because then we start seeing bad reviews, or we start seeing feedback. Would they like

Speaker  59882:40
make sizes like, would they would put size nine with size 11 or

Speaker  60682:40
Not? Not? Not? That's not really an issue. It's more like, sometimes they won't like they do that they use, or the stitching will will not be up to standard sometimes. So the warehouse manager catches those mistakes, and then if we just ship them, then we've had a issue before where the soul was coming apart. And I think some, some of the people that they use was like, I don't know if they didn't apply enough, or if it was like, expired or something, but we were started getting a lot of reviews that they were coming apart from the bottom. Yeah, we had to pull everything. We had to pull everything. We had to pull everything from Amazon. So it was pretty expensive, but we

Speaker  70645:20
had no other issue. How can you fix them? Can you send them back to China? Yeah, that only

Speaker  72005:20
happened once. We had to send, like, three containers back to here to send back. Oh, it's yeah. He actually the Manu, the owner of the manufacturer, came and, you know, spoke to Greg for a couple hours. And, I mean, they were in contact for a while because it was a big issue, but yeah, we had to send it back, and then they repaired them and then sent it back to us. Yeah, we do that. We have a similar

Speaker  78010:40
system, but in China, like we have someone that's in the factory for that works for us. Yeah, that. We can catch things quickly, yeah, and then if we feel like it's a major concern, we stop the production line and then fix it, and then go back to it, and, of course, fix what what was done. I feel it's always easier to fix things in China, even if they say, Okay, I'll pay you, I'll pay you, and I'll send the container back. But then what do I do? What do you mean? You pay me, then I have your products. Yeah, it's gone. And then, you know, you can't be once you're out of stock for a few months, you're out of the game, you can't

Speaker  88389:20
go back. The ranking is so drops, yeah. How is it expensive to have someone out there? Because we have talked about

Speaker  90277:20
that, not expensive. I mean, especially with Greg, he might have some connections, and he could be even a student, like you don't have to pay a lot, like my guy, I don't know how much I pay, like, like, like, something like 2000 RMB or 3000 which is nothing like 500 bucks, 600 bucks. Like, not that expensive. And some, some factories, I noticed, in China, they do have accommodation as part of that factory. You can even speak with the factory. I was like, Hey, do you have an extra space, extra room to as well? That way you take care of the accommodation too. You just have to take care of their food and their wage or the salary, yeah. But, I mean, we don't do that with all product, but any product that have probably high volume and the risk are high, like, if they go down or something, then we lose a big chunk of of the revenue. Then that's why I see that. It makes sense, yeah. But also some factories might not like it. He said, No, I don't want your your guy in my family. Else, yeah. Like, like, we, we are number one customer for that factory. So they have nothing they can do to stop, to stop us. But imagine if you're

Speaker  109082:39
a small fish, yeah, they're not gonna care.

Speaker  110090:40
Okay, go find other factory, yeah, yeah. Okay,

Speaker  110970:40
yeah. I'm gonna talk to him, because we had talked about that before when we had that issue, maybe having a third party, or somebody doing the QC, because by the time it's here, it's kind of too late. So when

Speaker  113744:00
you Yeah, because, because, for example, if it's not size issues, then it's easy to find someone from China. The reason why I don't work with inspection companies. I don't like them. They get bribed from the from the supplier. So if you have your own one maybe one time someone will have to fly, or someone have to teach what to look for or even do, like a video call, and then after that, they become sort of a master at what they do, yeah, yeah, even they don't have to stay at the factory. I mean, they could be just they could maybe live nearby. And then whenever you need that person, they can come and do the instructions. Yeah, for us, because we have continuous production. We have shipments every week coming out, because we sent to FBA direct, we don't, or even a WD, we don't send to rppl. I mean, that was back in the day. I missed those those days. But it's, it's very hard, because if I don't get one to eight LGB, eight, then I'm screwed up, like, like, like, even with our big volume, we cannot fill up five trucks. Impossible. Yeah, yeah, it's not easy. Like, it's like, five full containers, you know, yeah, and yeah, I can't wait. And it's very hard to wait. Okay, when I'm gonna get I was cause FC, you know? Yeah, it's a bit tricky, to be honest. At least we have other issues with AWD, but not at least the specific one. At least they don't have to worry about. I mean, the only thing I worry about appointments for containers to AWD, because we have to make them, but at least appointments for AWD easier than somehow. FBA, yeah. I mean, especially on the eight, LGB, eight, everyone sent to those, those locations, yeah, yeah. But are you? Are you seeing any issues because you send more to FBA funding appointments now in q4

Speaker  141834:40
we started the it's just taking longer to get them. That was the one thing I don't like about Uber freight, is that I have them get deployment for us, but it's at least 12 days away from when we created the ship. Yeah. Can I

Speaker  145807:59
recommend you something? Yeah, I have worked with both Amazon freight and Uber freight, and when I say Amazon freight, not the Amazon freight that you get on carrier Central, that's, that's LTL, that's something else. Dashboard, right? Yeah, yes. They have their own dashboard. You can go to Amazon freight website. What I like about them, they have a direct visibility of all appointments, even before you confirm you can pick any. So I use them as a hack to see which AWD or which even FBA is full. It shows you everything. They're very accurate, because they're sort of how connected with the appointment system. What I don't like, I mean, the last thing, last time I used Uber fit was last year. I don't like about them that when I booked the shipment, someone need to look into it to book the appointment. It doesn't work. They email you back, and then we schedule your pickup time, and if you need to change it, one. Time they'll change it, but then you want to change them. Always like, oh, no, we can't change and anymore. Because, you know now, Amazon is very strict for carrier, those carrier central accounts, if you have two three defects, they might cancel your account. I lost my account. So I think Uber freight gets that treatment as well like us, yeah, but Amazon freight, they don't have that treatment. They're Amazon freight. Who cares, even if they can, and why I like about it. Once you get the appointment, you can change as many times as you want, and it takes one second, it's online. It's all online.

Speaker  168773:20
Got it? Yeah? I use yeah, I've used it. I've used it before. I would, I would compare. I use it more to compare prices. But then maybe, like, two months ago, the prices just started

Speaker  171738:40
going way out. They have something, yeah, sometimes I don't like it. The prices can be higher, especially in q4 so

Speaker  173226:40
yeah, that's yeah, that's why I use, I guess you're saying it's good to see what yeah for the

Speaker  174634:40
appointments. Because, say, if you want to send to RT eight and you see it 20 days appointment,

Speaker  175946:39
then yeah,

Speaker  176720:00
that you might not like about them. They're they're not live unload all the time. Yeah, they might do drop

Speaker  178608:00
offs, yeah, sometimes,

Speaker  179360:00
yeah, sometimes not bad. Sometimes it's bad. For example, one last year I AWD, there was nothing I did a drop off. I took that chance, and then it was checked, checked in in two days or three days, which is not bad, yeah, yeah, live a lot is much faster. Hey, Guido, finally, we have someone else here in the call. How are you? Hey, I guess everyone is tired after Prime Day. Didn't want to join my call.

Speaker  186741:19
Yeah, yeah, I just came to support as you know, we sort of Thank

Speaker  187562:40
you. Yeah, I'm sorry about that, folks. I forgot to mention you, and I know you're the king of security and hacks, and

Speaker  189754:40
it's all good. It's all good. Yeah. How was your Prime Day?

Speaker  191402:40
It was, it was okay. It was 20, 25% less than last year. I wasn't happy about it, but I guess everyone else, except a few exceptions, they're also down. So that's that's okay. I mean, yeah. I mean, you know, you saw my post, yeah. So it's okay. I mean, there's not much we can do. We just have to be focused and then move on, and then hopefully we gain that loss, and with Black Friday, Cyber Monday, yeah,

Speaker  199509:19
yeah, it's no good for me or us, because we have, like, a lot of sub four star ratings, and so couldn't qualify for best deal, Lightning Deal, and then the previous hack, which they fixed sometime this year. I forget when, but you can't do the prime discount either. So can you

Speaker  204650:40
do, can you do price discounts for four stars or no?

Speaker  206122:40
I mean, for four stars and up, yeah, we could run deals, but then anything below, we just nothing works. Nothing. Nothing Nothing works. Yeah, we just had to do, like, hard, like, 20% off, like, manually.

Speaker  209440:00
That's not good, because it doesn't show any badge or so, yeah, exactly. And then it could sometimes shows if it's the lowest price, but no, it's like a hit that it's like a head hit or miss, yeah,

Speaker  212544:00
yeah. And then you have to go into the PDP in order for it to display, which it's

Speaker  213813:20
like, yeah, not good for conversion. Like, yeah, they were already gonna also, yeah, yeah. I mean, we use the PD hacks hack, and we manage discount only a cent, one cent less, but still. I mean, last year we did that too, but we're still not up. I think I'm not sure if even the US government shutdown has to do with it, but those employees are only 1 million. 1 million out of 350. Is nothing. They don't have that purchasing power. Yeah, I don't know if it's if that's it has to do with it or not.

Speaker  221738:40
Yeah, yeah. I think also there's, like, the the saturation of deals, like there's just too many deals now, so customers kind of probably waiting for Black Friday Cyber Monday.

Speaker  224672:00
I think Correct. Yeah. I know it's even the competition became better and better. Everyone they know how to get that red badge now. I mean, yeah, Red Badge, blue badge, whatever it is, I think it was, it was red this time. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's okay. I mean, I'll be focusing more on Black Friday Cyber Monday, but it's also 12 days. So I don't know how it's, how it's going to be effective. And then you know, if you manage to run a business deal before after that, going to make it 26 days. I'm going to talk about, I'm going to post about it, but yeah, 26 days of deals sick. I don't know if that's going to work or that's just too much for the customers.

Speaker  234549:20
Yeah. Yeah. Historically, this time period, November, December is always, like our worst months. Oh yeah, a lot year over year, but yeah, in like November and December, just like lighting money on fire in terms of, like, PPC deals.

Speaker  238858:40
Oh, wow, I have, I have this. I have a similar behavior from my own account, too. Yeah, so who I guess, I guess your stuff in beauty is not giftable.

Speaker  241833:36
I think it is. But our number one product is, like, a bronzer, and so like, q1 q2 are the best time periods, because in the winter, I guess, like, everyone's covered up. So very people use it.

Speaker  245589:19
So you would say mostly everyone in beauty is like that, right? I wouldn't say

Speaker  247061:20
everyone. I mean, I think that, like, if you have, like, yeah, like an eye product or something, or like, more, more skincare, less makeup, or even mask or something, yeah, yeah, like, skincare probably still does well year round, I think, like makeup and then, like a coverage type of makeup just doesn't always work in the winter period.

Speaker  252954:39
What about you? Andrew, do you do is Q for good? Good for you guys, or bad?

Speaker  254522:39
It's good? Yeah, yeah. It's

Speaker  255738:40
good for us. Like, do you see similar sales or higher? It goes higher, yeah. Is there a reason why they would buy more in q4 is it like a giftable item? What you guys sell?

Speaker  258528:00
I feel like, since it's work boots, I feel like, you know, sometimes you don't, people don't know what to buy their dad, you know, or their like, even Father's Day is good for us too, because, you know, you know, for men, I guess, like older men, if, if you know, if, like the wife or the daughters or the kids, know, I know they need to work boots, you know, so it's like, it's a safe it's a safe gift, Yeah, makes sense. It is around Father's Day and around so Father day is worse,

Speaker  266917:20
very, huge for you guys, right for the day.

Speaker  267690:40
Yeah, nice, nice. We do get a lot of returns, too, because, you know, it's kind of hard to know the sizing for each product is different. You know, even though you might be a size 10, you know, maybe the nine and a half, or maybe the 10 and a half might fit better. So we get a lot of

Speaker  271834:40
returns. How do you figure out to bring those returns back to the warehouse to check them manually, or it's just too much work. No,

Speaker  273472:00
we haven't, we haven't shipped back to us. And then we have an associate in the warehouse, and they, you know, they clean them up, they package them up. And they, yeah,

Speaker  275472:00
I think you can only, you can only send back the unsellable one, but not the syllable one, the syllable one. You cannot control them.

Speaker  277072:00
Yeah, no, yeah. Just unsellable with some, some of the unsellable they, they're still like, fixable in a way, you know,

Speaker  279477:20
I like the idea of the warehouse for more one done, one thing. Back to, you know, did you guys try AWD or not yet?

Speaker  282469:20
Me, no, I don't think we're going to, we haven't been able to get ahead of of, like inventory, in the sense that we've oversold every year. So for better or worse, like you're probably gonna laugh at me, but like, we're still shipping it ups just because you know of the of the velocity and, like, not being able to get ahead of stock, like, even right now because of tiktoks, right? Yeah, yeah. Like, Tiktok is still doing, okay, yeah. We're still doing like, 200k a month, but we're down, what, like 5x from the peak of being at the top. But I think, yeah, it goes with the seasonality of the product. So we're planning on ramping it back up and working on, like, finding new affiliates and creators. There's, like, some events coming up next week in LA nice it should be pretty good for that.

Speaker  297477:20
Yeah, and how quick is your lead time from supplier to to FBA, like, like, say, like, is it what? One month manufacturing and then two week shipping.

Speaker  300986:40
Or you're also gonna laugh at this, it's four to six months.

Speaker  302346:40
Wow. And everyone say, Go, Go manufacturing, USA, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  304186:40
I mean, I talked to other friends that are in the same niche that they have, like, one month lead times in China, which I'm like, Whoa, wow. But I mean, they're, they're obviously, like, a different product, you know, kind of it is what it is.

Speaker  307824:00
But Andrew, what's your lead time from China to your three PL,

Speaker  309168:00
so, from, you mean, from when the products were done, or when it's

Speaker  310149:20
both, like manufacturing time, and then, I mean, I think, I guess the shipping time, I would know, because it's California, what's the lead time for manufacturing?

Speaker  312885:20
The fastest that it can be if we place a PO, yeah, let's just say today, it's three to four months, yeah. So it's because it leather. So, like, it takes about three weeks for them to get the leather that they purchase and then start cutting and then start it's not that simple.

Speaker  318538:39
I guess it's not like everything by machine, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  319226:40
So that's a I do like the. I do the purchase order planning, you know, monthly, but I have to check, you know, like, in between, like, middle of the month. I'll check again just to see if how the sales are going to make sure that we're not going to be out of stock. So, wow.

Speaker  323856:00
Kat, yeah. Must be really bad for cash flow. Yeah,

Speaker  324544:00
yeah. So we, we originally had, like, the old purchase planner was keeping around eight month inventory. But that was really bad for the cash because, I mean, we had to place POs that much. So we cut, we cut back half of that, so we only have about four to five month inventory, months on hand. And then I just do it with monthly to send new purchase orders for what we need. So it's kind of hard if something, you know automatically, just like, for instance, if it's a new product, we don't want to order too much because we don't know how it's going to do. But then if you sells out, where we have to let it sell out, because there's nothing you can do, and you probably have to do a relaunch or something. Yeah, we have to do, yeah. We have to Yeah. We have to do a relaunch. And I hope that, you know, does good, yeah,

Speaker  337072:00
I always get that question, new asin, same asin, you know, like in my case, I'm very blessed and lucky that I can get things out in 20 days, because my product is not assembled. So basically, it comes with an accessory. And then those accessories, we have them stopped at the factory for for almost, like three, four months. So it just, they have to pack it inside, the inside the box. And then the main part has three, four color we keep all, all the all the colors on the side. And then he just have sort of to to mash them together. So, so if, if, I mean, if I want to be relaxed, I stay 30 days, but if I want to get things out, I could get them out in 1520, days, yeah, and I feel it's easier for cash flow, and you could react quickly as well if you go too low, yeah, yeah. But I guess each, I guess every product has the like, because we have so many parts, our QC is a bit more strict, because if they just forget a screw, then we done, customers can't use the product. So I guess, yeah, I guess each products, they have their own pros and cons and yeah, I mean, that's, that's the thing, yeah, yeah. I mean, other than that, I think I don't know. I mean, not that much optimistic about q4 we'll see. It looks like a very slow from why here, but I guess I'm like you Guido. I just want to ride the wave. Just want to get it done, because I do well in q1 as well, especially around January, like supplements, you know, where people have their resolutions, all these things so, so definitely can't wait for January.

Speaker  364602:39
Yeah, I just in terms of your year, how's your year going? Like, are you up?

Speaker  365738:40
I'm not up. Even I had a one lot, one product I launched. I'm not up, unfortunately, yeah, I'm down. I'm down about 10% so for me, I was like, if I'm overall down 10% then then I'm definitely going to be down with Prime Day, I mean. But then I spoke with Ivan, to Ivan, he's a big seller. He was like, I'm only up 2% and with new product launches. So if you remove all those product launches, I guess, is down too. So yeah, I feel like there are some accounts they're not down, but there are those are special cases, and it's also very hard to tell, because what if they include new product they launch, or something, something else, yeah, but in general, I didn't see many people up, to be honest. Yeah, so, but there's also one thing I noticed, we didn't dip a lot the week before. Usually you go super low the week before. My sales were not bad the week before, except the day before, Prime Day. So I don't know if that sort of counts, so maybe a good argument would be, do not compare just Prime Day as like as the as those two days with the with the previous year. Maybe add seven days before and then seven days after, or add something and then look, or look even at the whole month. I mean, then that maybe it's a fair comparison to see if you're up or down. Because definitely last year we were really down the week before, it was really bad. Yeah, this time just, just the day before.

Speaker  391717:20
Yeah. Do you think that it's sort of correlated to, I guess, your post about, like, more Chinese sellers. And then, you know, the categories that that we're just covering right now are all, I guess, like China imports. Like, do you think that there's any correlation there?

Speaker  396922:40
I I probably see that too. I also see as well. Everyone has the red badge as well. Like, like, in my niche, every single competitor has that. I. Like has the has the badge, whether they're doing the hack or not. Everyone has it. I didn't see anyone that does not hug so, so excuse me. So on. On the search results, I searched my main keyword, 30 ASINs, 48 cents over it. Badges. To be honest, as a customer, I'm going to be very overwhelmed unless I have a Bissell badge or I have the Amazon choice badge, but it's very overwhelming, like all red badges, like all red so I don't know. I've never seen something like that before. I think they're becoming better and better, yeah, but US government shutdown, I'm not buying it. Like, I mean, what? 1 million employees out of three 50 million? I don't know. I mean, those are not highly paid, I don't know. Maybe there's some highly paid of them, highly paid workers, but it doesn't make sense. I don't know. Yeah. But also, there is also some talks about recessions economy. But you know, Amazon sellers like to blame the economy and say, Oh, it's a recession. For me, I don't like to talk about these things, because I think if I start believing them, it does affect me, does affect me as a person, and then I feel like I could not do a better job in managing my brand. And I think we're also in a lucky business, meaning that if everything goes down, Amazon would be the last last thing. I mean, I mean, would be the last to sort of to feel it, yeah. I mean, yeah, disappointed, but we'll wait for Black Friday, Cyber Mondays, maybe we can pick up some of the losses. And also, this year, I've been more profit centric, like, as long we make money then, then that I'm happy, even if sales are down, it's okay, yeah? I mean, I mean, you can have as much sales you want, but if you don't make good money, then doesn't make sense.

Speaker  428762:40
Yeah, yeah. I feel like, apart from growing I've tried to be more profitable this year, like, pull back on more. PPC, yeah, taco Z, cost is, like, way better than it was previously. So just, you know, spending less, but that also we had some inventory constraints, as I mentioned. We're in a better place now, but I consider this year done, and so it's kind of like, how do you just be the most profitable with the time period you have left until you're ready to, like, ramp up again?

Speaker  436512:00
I agree. So what did what did you say? Andrew, yeah,

Speaker  437712:00
I agree with what he was saying about the the Chinese sellers for in our in the categories, it's these Chinese sellers have joined the ranks, and they just sell it way cheaper than anyone can. I mean, they're selling boots for like, 3999 and it's like none of the main competitors that are ranked, you know, one through 10, you can't really compete with that, you know, because you're not. There's no you can't really do anything, you know. So you start losing the your rank, and then you start losing because there's you just can't compete with that price. Even the big brands, sometimes they'll they'll lower their price a bit, but they still can't. It's rare for them to try to match that price. Even for the big brands,

Speaker  450176:00
you know what? What amazes me, there are still few sellers. You know. You might know one of them. They sell their product way more expensive than anyone else, and they're still organically ranked number one. I don't know how they do it, but the ones I know, they have over 100,000 in I mean, they have probably at one, 4.5 4.6 rating, and then you count over 100,000 I think I remember, you know, the example of the umbrella brought up by what his name? I forgot his name in the MDS, you know, Rashad, yeah, yeah. A guy, like, selling it, I don't know, for $19 other guy selling it for 34 or 40. And that guy with the 3440 price, he's organically, number one in all of them. So sometimes I question myself, like, how, how they do it, yeah? Like, it's very it's very interesting, because I personally do not believe that you can rank with very expensive product, maybe when you have many reviews, but not at the very beginning, because it's all about price. On Amazon, you can have the, I don't know. I mean, I could be wrong, but I'm sure there are a few exceptions.

Speaker  469525:19
Yeah. Do you? So that was interesting topic. Do you so you know that Travis exited?

Speaker  471637:20
Yeah, I sort of know him through another one. So I'm gonna now ask that person who's a mutual friend to connect me with him and to have a call with him, because I'm very interested on how he does his launches and ranking and stuff. I know he exited like maybe 80, 90% of the company. He still owns some equity, and he's still a board member, but, but he still enjoys what he does. Yeah, interesting. Yeah. But. That would be the dream. Yeah, higher price point, more profit, and organically ranked top three. Who wants more than that? Yeah,

Speaker  482080:00
yeah, especially for a non consumable too. To your point like there has to be something else going on if it's, if it's a type of product where you compete on price and reviews like that.

Speaker  484976:00
We did, we did start increasing some of the price, some of our prices this year, you know. But like, for example, that increase did not lead to too many like, for example, the gain in profit was way, like, three times more than the loss in sales. So I think everyone think, okay, if they increase, if they increase the prices by $1 or two. I mean, I'm saying though too, because, you know, my items are 2025, so you're not going to go $10 yeah, you don't. You might see not huge difference. Yeah, it's, I think it's always say, just do a test and then see if it makes a difference or not. But I think we all think, Oh, the moment we increase our price, we lose ranking. I think it doesn't work that way, especially if you have established, established asin that has many reviews. You have to test it, yeah, and you cannot have the same price that you used to sell three, four years ago. Things change. There's tariffs, there's all these crazy fees, storage fees, FBA fees, the holiday fees. Now, yeah, yeah, but yeah, if I find something, I'll let you know I'm very interested.

Speaker  504453:20
Yeah, yeah, I can reach out to him. I mean, I'm semi friends with him, so he answers my DM, so maybe,

Speaker  506757:20
yeah, let me know if you find anything. I mean, even if he's willing to have a call with us, I can ask my mutual friend as well.

Speaker  508490:40
Yeah, yeah, it's funny. I've seen people use his listing as an example, like several times at this point. But yeah, it's a great listing. It's been like the dominant umbrella for for quite some time.

Speaker  511850:40
So yeah, yeah, and he's ranking well too.

Speaker  512960:00
Yeah, cool, cool.

Speaker  513856:00
I guess, yeah. I mean, I was hoping for more people to join, but that's okay, I guess I don't want to take both of your time. I really appreciate you both joining the call. You know, I'm always there answering questions. If you have anything not covered today, just feel free to ask them in our channel. I'm always there monitoring the messages. Uh, Andrew, again, it's second week, Thursday, 9pm same thing for you. Guido, thanks for your support. Thanks for coming. Yeah, yeah for sure and take care. Everyone. Have a

Speaker  524442:40
good one. Ciao,

Speaker  524794:40
bye. You.
