16. FC Chats_ Lessons from a Conflict Resolution Expert
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  976:00
I met Melton, literally two weeks ago. She cold emailed me, and I had a conversation with her that probably was supposed to be 15 minutes, and I'm pretty sure we talked for at least an hour, because it was just so interesting. Because everybody has issues in their business, conflict in their business, whether it's with their partners, whether it's with, you know, management, down to employees, whether it's just between employees at all levels. We have issues with this stuff. I thought it'd be fun to, you know, bring somebody in. I could probably shine a little light, you know, your questions, but also just kind of tell you what he's seeing in the world these days. She's based out of Montreal. She's in Turkey right now, so she's joining us from Turkey, which is awesome. I want to take the time to really dig into different things we're seeing in the culture, different seeing we're seeing in work, like covid, has changed things, you know, back to work and as well as a lot more remote. A lot of the people on this call do a lot of remote stuff. So I want to just really kind of dig into ways she can help us in that journey of working, whether it's our co founders, whether it's, like I said, employees and all the way through the chain, and maybe just best cases for your managers and people under you to work with other people. I'll let her kind of kick it off on her background and what she does, and then we'll dig in. Hi

Speaker  21749:20
everyone. My name is man. Tan is clay. Thanks for giving me this opportunity to talk about my passion. I have been an entrepreneur most of my career. Born, raised in Turkey, but moved to Canada and Germany when I was at the University and started my business, entrepreneurship in Canada, international electronic components, business first, and then went into something more creative. Last five years, I went into conflict resolution. Reason is, through cultural differences. I'm married to a Canadian husband as well. So all cultural differences in my life, I realized that, my gosh, workplaces requires different techniques to deal with different cultural conflicts, as well as, you know, different age groups. So how can I humanize the way that we work? And I went into mediation. I went into conflict resolution and understood that everything that I learned from my culture, from my upbringing, about dealing with conflict wasn't my personality, it was just the learned, habitual styles. So I'm just curious, actually, at this point, I should stop enough. How does conflict makes you feel? Is there any way that everyone can put perhaps just the initial talks and how they feel about conflicts in their personal or business lives in the comments, or just unmute yourselves and talk about that. Yeah, stressed, anxious, uncomfortable, tend to avoid it. Yeah, it's so common. And I would say the research I'm in this field, so now the research shows 85% of people find conflict very stressful and in workplaces. This is done in North America. It's over 90% of people advise that they are actually finding conflicts in workplace so stressful that at times they are taking time off, at times they are actually quitting their jobs, or they are so stressed that the things the projects getting longer they aren't. It's not getting managed well. In some situations, you know, the relationships to projects are getting delayed. So the cost of not being able to resolve conflicts for any organization, for any company, is tremendous. So how can we actually empower people in workplaces, especially entrepreneurs, in this case, you how can you gain different skill sets or improve some of the areas that you have developed in childhood that you are not even aware that you can actually change those habits, the avoiding for example, and at this stage, perhaps the second question comes in, are you an avoider? Do you fight, flight or freeze? That's also something very important to know. Whenever there is a you know, there is a conflict in your life. I know that at this stage, probably you are using, at times, mixed different techniques, but your initial feeling when a conflict happens, do you want to avoid? Do you tend to fight immediately or freeze? Perhaps again? You can put it in the chat box so you can actually, you know, we can see the tendencies here. Yeah.

Speaker  75826:40
Not big chatters. There we go, fight,

Speaker  76435:12
yeah, freeze or avoid fight. Fight depends on the situation. Fight. Don't let things fester, yeah? So very quick background on this. Normally, I do you know, provide much more detail, but. To give you space about asking questions, I'll just mention that we all develop these tendencies, avoidance or fight or freeze, and actually there are five different strategies for conflict resolution, and that being accommodation, collaboration, accommodation, avoidance, compromise, collaboration and aggressions, like the fight response. Most of us think that it's a, you know, personal style, or it is our personal day. However, these are all learned strategies. And what I do when I help organizations or individuals, I equip them with all those skill sets, because there's a time to avoid, there is a time to fight, there is a time to collaborate, accommodate or compromise. It's just the minute that we tend to choose one over the others. That's the time that's the problems arise. That's the time that people tend to think that, oh, this person is an avoider or they are fighter. So the idea is being able to gain all those skill sets understanding when we can use those skill sets the best suitable positions and times and resolve conflicts at that time. So at this stage, maybe clay. I'll stop and let's see if any questions comes related to up to this point.

Speaker  101344:00
Yeah. I mean, just kind of, you know, raise your hand if you, you know, want to talk about like situation, you know. And I definitely, if you're open to it, you know, with the members, want to get into specific situations too, like things you've seen, things you involved, you know, whether it's with you or an employee, or whatever, and how to deal with it. Anybody got any specific examples, or just kind of like ideas of how to how to get their head around it, have the best mindset going into these situations,

Speaker  109194:40
I think, just to speak to this stuff, but also touch to the call that we had for all the newcomers the other week, seemed like there was a bit of a common denominator with conflict relating to team members and kind of, like avoiding dealing with it. I know that I personally had to make the tough decision of confronting an employee recently who kind of just like fell behind and didn't grow with the business. You know, after talking it out, I think stars aligned, and she actually resigned, so I didn't have to fire her when I, you know, when we discussed this in our chat last week, I think it's just human nature to try to find a way around it because of the fear associated with the added workload that that comes with dealing with conflict. So definitely something that I've learned over the years is just like, you can't run from it. It's either you're going to have, you know, short term pain or long term pain, based on just like my experience in the last couple of years, it's always important to just embrace the challenge deal with the short term pain, so that in the long run, you actually have a solution and you get back on track so that you can focus on everything associated with continuing to grow the business.

Speaker  129616:00
It's so well said, and it is most people, especially if we are not comfortable with having those difficult conversations, and if we avoid in that moment, not only that we are avoiding, not, not, not that only we are not resolving conflict with that person, actually, we are teaching everyone else that a situation like this is not getting resolved in the organization. So most of the time, when I deal with organizations, it comes always like it's similar tendencies that managers, one, as you mentioned, they don't have the time to deal with the conflict directly, or they do not have the skills or the desire to deal with that conflict at that point. I give this example. If you are a brand new driver, it's so scary to go on a highway, to drive on the highway, you don't have those skills. Practice enough skills yet, but once you have those skills, it's a piece of cake. And people are able to, I mean, you're able to drive the music is, you know, playing. You are talking with someone. You can do multiple things all at the same time, and it's all okay driving on the highway. So I find dealing with conflicts, especially having difficult conversations, it feels the same way. The more you are skilled to do it, the more you we feel comfortable how to approach a difficult conversation, not only that resolves the conflict on hand, but actually improves relationships, and it gives signals to everyone else that the man is a manager or the founder, as an entrepreneur, you have the skill sets to deal with it. So I find lots of companies, they shame conflict and they don't want to deal with conflict. Whereas it is extremely important to bring the creativity to bring that. We always on nowadays we think about diversity and inclusion is extremely important. How do we bring. Those diverse ideas. How do we bring those creative ideas to the table? By inviting people to have opposing ideas? It is extremely important to bring those diverse opinions. Yeah, I think it is well said. It is extremely important that we encourage conflict to be spoken more and approach conflict not as something is scary, but something that it is going to evolve and transform that conflict to something even better and bigger. Yeah.

Speaker  168181:20
And I think it also like it can either hurt or or strengthen the culture, the company culture as a whole. And if you don't like confront it and deal with it, then, you know, the culture can very quickly slide into a place where people are even scared to bring it up. Problem solving skill set of the unit as a whole just completely goes out the window. So if you don't encourage bringing it to the table, and if they don't feel that, you know they have the support of other people on the team in an effort to just constantly problem solve and level up team. I actually experienced this firsthand. My team. Eventually, the culture and the communication across the board with the team just took a bit of a hit, and I needed to do a full reset, pretty much just, you know, completely get rid of everybody that was on the board, hire a completely fresh team, because when the when that mindset is instilled within the team and within the culture, it's extremely, extremely hard to convince people otherwise,

Speaker  184437:20
yeah, because you can't manage trust. It's something such a sensitive topic, especially in today's world, when people are working remote, our the team members are not immediately, you know, working on the same premises, building trust is a challenge, and when there is no trust, or trust is, you know, questionable, people tend to not disclose their you know, discomfort or the conflicts are not spoken well because they don't know Who is going to be responsing In what way? I think that's a very sensitive area that I keep being exposed to in organizations in especially, I mean in your cases. And are you working hybrid? Everyone is working together. Like, what is the circumstances that? How do you work on that trust? How do you deal with conflict when it arises? Do you call them in house? Do you hand do you have those difficult conversations in person, face to face, or are you doing on the phone or online? Like, how does it work for you? Yeah,

Speaker  200549:20
because we're fully every 90% of what we do is just virtual. It's sometimes tough. Obviously, it makes a lot more sense to confront these issues in person, face to face, but sometimes I have the dilemma of, Okay, do I wait until the next time that I see this person, or do I just stop it in its tracks now and confront them? So nine out of 10 times, just because I like to deal with it in the moment, it does end up happening virtually. But I think the trade off there like it's better to catch it early than to, you know, wait to deal with it later in order to make the person a little bit more comfortable. That probably a lot of people on this call will agree. Since covid, I think everybody's found a way to make their businesses a little bit more efficient. And whether it's a hybrid or a full approach, most many, many businesses today are operating in a similar fashion. So, I mean, I would throw it back to you, how would you how would you respond to that choice when you have it? You know, do you deal with it right now, virtually, even though it might not be the most professional and comfortable situation? Or do you wait, make the effort, but ultimately prolong problem solving approach?

Speaker  218725:20
I guess, you know, right now we don't every circumstances will differ little bit, you know. But in general, I my suggestion is creating a communication charter for every project, for every organization that involves the values that you can set the values communication charter. I don't know if everyone is familiar with it, but basically choosing even the platforms that you are going to be talking to each other at times, for example, people are talking to each other through slack, but at the same time, they email each other on the same problem sets, and they might be even create a, you know, Meeting so an issue, a conflict could be communicated to among team members by many channels. So communications charter is something that I encourage people to set up upfront that everyone knows that some circumstances, for example, with a client, all communication will be done by email, no phone calls, no WhatsApp or anything, so at least everyone is respecting or team members. If anything arises, anything a conflict happens, it will be done CC to someone, or it will be done. There are circumstances that the team managers or team leaders can set up a communication charter that everyone. Respects, understand. So it's not up to, you know, new members, not knowing who they might be reaching out, or how, how, like in how many hours they might have to respond to a conflicts arising, but at the same time what you were saying, if a problem is arising, my advice will be immediately on the spot, like the same day, deal with it and then move on, because otherwise, if it lasts way too long, it's much harder to deal with because it's already as a manager or as a leader, you might feel that, okay, it's now too late. They forget about it. You forget about it. It's much easier to deal with it at the spot.

Speaker  250357:20
Yeah, before we pass it over. One actual tip for anyone dealing with this type of stuff, there's an, there's a an app called gather town. I run my whole team within it's, it's kind of like, imagine the Sims, but it's like a virtual office space. Everyone has their own character. Everyone has their own office or cubicle. There's a boardroom we all log in at, you know, 8am 7am every morning, until five, 6pm in the evening. And in short, if I walk into somebody else's office, as soon as my little person walks through the door, the audio and video turns on. So it does really, really good job at replicating the culture that a team might get in a real office. And I think, like I would never email somebody about a conflict, but, you know, with that slack and say, hey, you know, can you step into my office and then they send in Lights, Camera Action, and then, boom, at least today, in 2024 it really, really, really helps a ton. And I would say this, we'd be in a completely different space right now, if it wasn't for gather so for anybody struggling with some, you know, culture issues and stuff like this, putting in the FaceTime with your team. It's called gather town, heavily recommended. It's free for the first 10 users.

Speaker  268986:40
All right, anybody else got questions? I know everybody's got some kind of conflict, like I said, employees, their board, investors, their co founders. Who else wants to kind of jump in here? Just raise your hand up on the thing, or or first person to speak, really, everybody's got the perfect business and everything's harmonious. Who's got a question? I guess I'll kind of, you know, melt and you know that communications plan you and I talked about that when we originally talked, one thing, you know, you and I kind of dug into a little bit, was kind of how different the world is and how different businesses are these days. As far as, like, older and younger, you know, generations working together, kind of the very like, almost canceling type culture that you can see in offices, things like that. What are you kind of seeing right now? As far as how that's playing out?

Speaker  281861:20
Well, I live in Canada, and in Canada, I think there are some members of yours is definitely Corey. I talked to Corey. He's from Canada as well. It's very diverse background, different cultures and different age groups, and obviously they all bring additional sense of conflicts. It's the cultural differences, how they were brought up in their own cultures, how they see things differently because of all that, conflict is non stop. In fact, I hear more and more because, as previously with Aiden, we were talking about how hybrid work, or remote work, is happening everywhere. People don't spend time with each other. So in the past, if something was happening, we will know that, oh, you know, clay is in bad mood. Because, like, I will know how clay operates on a regular basis nowadays, because people don't spend that personal time with one another. Every little thing that that those you know bad times and bad moments that you know with your child at home, you might be having some sort of, you know, conflict and that reflects to your voice or the way that you emailed or or texted someone. So people are losing a sense of how to understand how they operate on a regular basis. So it is a very common thing that that trust issue that I mentioned is extremely important. And I think it is as companies, as founders, we need to really understand, how do we build that trust? How do we provide that environment for everyone that they they create a sense of actually belonging, that they belong to a group, and they create that company culture. I think it was, at least from my experience, I hear that it was much easier. It was definitely it was much easier in the past to have that company culture, and now it is, you know, very project based, and people are not as strong friendships in company. That's how I see it, and also for age groups, younger generation is tend to want to participate in all decision making, and older decisions much more hierarchy. So there are lots of differences, and there are ways to get away, like, ways to combine, and, you know, get along definitely, but that's true. Building way that they can collaborate together, and that differences can be spoken and people can be much more open minded. And how do we provide those spaces for people? So it's little trickier than before.

Speaker  324095:59
Brendan, you had a question.

Speaker  324672:00
Yeah, thanks. Some of us may run businesses with family members, any thoughts or tips or tricks on how to manage conflict and things that come up in the due course of managing the business when you're dealing with family, close friends,

Speaker  328949:19
etc, that's the that's the toughest part, because people that are closest to us, the stakes are higher, and they can't know how to push our buttons better than anyone else, and those habits and that those even the tone of a voice, or how in our personal lives, how we handle conflicts with among each other affects company decisions as well. It is a very hot topic Brandon and unless both parties wants to learn each other's first their own conflict styles. Like, for example, I have been a conflict avoider most of my life, and through all these studies and everything, you know, I wanted to become a better leader, and for that, I needed to change that style. To my surprise, all you know, apparently it wasn't my personality, so I happily say that I'm a recovering conflict avoider, through learning all different styles, now I can handle any situation in any time and with anyone. So the first step is understanding your own style. Second step is understanding that family member style, if you are two avoiders, there are ways that I teach people how to deal with each other. If you're an avoider, and if you're the person that you are dealing with is a fighter, then there are different ways to deal with with each other, like literally, there is a matches that how to handle one another, but it starts with awareness of understanding your personal style first, or habitual style, developing all other skills, and then understanding all your team members styles. I think it's extremely important that awareness. Did it answer your question, or do you want to dig in the a little bit deeper?

Speaker  355584:00
No, that's good. Thank you very much. Alright, who's next? I

Speaker  356367:59
think I just want to add to that. I think that it could be difficult also, I think the company culture is extremely important, but it can be difficult. Sometimes, one when you do have those families and friends that are part of the organization, and also when you a small team, you know, only a few of us who are in this full time, then we have a few that are part time. You know, when do we find those opportunities to bring the group together to really create that chemistry and create a strong team and create that company culture. So I think on top of the family and close friend friends thing, it kind of also ties into having a small team. And I'm not sure if there's the same guidance or recommendations when you do have a small team to build that chemistry, but that's kind of what I'm interested in hearing more about.

Speaker  368656:00
Yeah, it's definitely small team. Teams are also, yeah, it gives you an opportunity to actually build that relationship by understanding each other's strengths and weaknesses, right? And how do you, how do you bring the best out of each other? And for that, yes, for example, if I may, give an example, avoiders will probably not gonna discuss or tell you in a meeting that they don't agree with you, because somehow avoiders tend to think that, by that threat of, you know, having dealing with a conflict is a scary thing, right? The minute that they see something conflicting idea, they tend to step back, not raise issues, they tend to get, get up, go along with the ideas. But what it does to a business is the creativity dies. They are not bringing their concerns to the table. They are not dealing with the problems. They are not solving the problems. So for that reason, if through training, or if through that awareness, knowing that they are avoiders. How do you invite them to the conversation? So there are different ways of inviting avoiders to the conversation. One is making conflict something. Okay, guys, today we're only talking about problems. Let's talk about only problems. Another time you can only bring to the table, saying that there is only creative ideas. We are not looking for solutions today, only creative idea dump. Let's creatively i, because we tend to talk time is tight, right? We tend to immediately jump in, finding a problem, solving the problem. So we forget about talking about problems. We forget about talking about creative ideas only. So or some people are extrovert, they want to talk immediately, and some people are introverts, and for them, you might want to give opportunity write things down and to plan ahead and then send you make. Perhaps those team members can send more you know, information through different forms other than just. In meetings. So there are so many ways of bringing people different ideas to the table, but that requires, again, managing people, managing their your your time, and at the same time really understanding your own style and understanding their style. So you can actually strengthen the team, strengthen the way that you can work with them, yeah,

Speaker  405861:20
and making sure that you're holding space for everybody to have their say and make it feel that it's an open opportunity for everybody to express what what they're looking to express, so that they feel that everything that's on their mind can be confronted as well. So yeah, that makes sense to me.

Speaker  410421:19
And also Jack one of the other thing that I can suggest, one of the tip, is a good facilitator in every meeting, because in it doesn't have to be the team leader. It doesn't have to be, you know, the manager of of the team, but a good facilitator gives space for everyone to talk, and based on their their knowing the team members personally, especially if it's a small team, it's much easier with that the facilitator can give the space and set the tone, set an intention to every meeting, and one of them is, for example, having a dialog only through open ended questions. People don't need to convince each other about their points of view. How about just asking questions to one another. So there are so many different ways that we can encourage team members to be creative, just to be creative that day. They can encourage people just to come up with solutions, or create scenarios that okay, if we go with solutions, what problems can it can come at the end of the at the end of the day, with the solution and separating people from their ideas, because we tend to own our idea and think that if i Our idea is challenged, we are personally attacked and we are personally challenged. I think it's extremely important that we, we should encourage everyone in every meeting. Okay, we can attack an idea. We can attack or challenge an idea, but it's not. It doesn't mean that that we are attacking or challenging the person. So separating the ideas from the people, it's also very

Speaker  434495:59
important. And how do you feel about empowering your employee? For example, if we are having a meeting and there's a specific topic or the meeting is based on somebody, somebody's role, like where their focus is in the organization, let's say our we're talking about having a sales meeting and empowering our sales director to actually run the meeting and kind of make sure that everything goes or that he touches on everything that that's going on, filling us in. How do you feel about empowering your employees to do that, if it's kind of their lane to kind of take power over that, as opposed to one person leading every single meeting?

Speaker  444810:39
Absolutely, I think, I think it's a brilliant idea. Definitely someone who is the most you know knowledgeable on the topic, and that needs to be, as long as they are not biased, though, as long as, for example, in a sales meeting, if the sales is the conversations about sales. But I think in small, you know, startups, for example, it's tight. It's very tight to any other department, right? It's very so as long as the person who is facilitating is extremely open minded, and the conversation can be stretched to other areas. They need to be really well trained to be a facilitator in any conversation and not really favor one topic over other, like being able to give space for everyone. So the facilitation is a talent or a skill all by itself, understood. Thank you for that. My pleasure.

Speaker  458922:40
All right, who else got a question? Should I just go down the list? Start rattling off names, I guess. You know, one other thing I look at too is, like with my companies, I look at, you know, we all want that culture. We're all friends, and we're all, you know, everybody's happy, happy, joy, joy within our companies. But as like the owners or the managers and stuff. You kind of have to have that, you know, distinction between you're not their friends. I think that, you know, the culture of the last probably 10 years has been like, you know, oh, we're all friends here. We're all in this together, stuff like that. But that also makes it really hard, you know, like Eden's case, probably, you know, that person was a was a friend. It was it. And then once you have to actually have those hard conversations, it makes it even trickier. What do you what do you say about those kinds of things?

Speaker  471477:19
I find any leader that I coach, or any lead any team give provide training programs, this conversation actually clay your question comes about, comes out very often, most people, I'm not saying everyone, but most people tend to think that they confuse being nice versus being able to provide almost feedback. I say one as a leader, actually, it's very nice thing to do to be able to give the firm feedback. So as a leader, you. Can be, what is being friendly versus being nice? Like I think we keep mixing those emotions. One can be friendly, but you don't have to be close, tight friends, and you can be really nice, but at the same time, you can be very firm, because it is in their actually in their favor, for a leader to be very clearly giving the messages or clearly instructing how they need to get things done. So I think it's very important that we understand the differentiation between how to be firm, how to give guidelines, how to share information with our team members, finding that balance and putting the limits in the relationships and boundaries in the relationships, extremely important. Alright?

Speaker  492554:39
Well, I really appreciate you coming in, kind of helping us out. I'll get your information out to everybody as well, in case they they want to kind of do it in private sometimes,

Speaker  494922:40
no problem. And today, I apologize. It's 10 o'clock, actually, 11pm here in Turkey, my energy level is little bit low. Perhaps people are sensing that. Yeah, if you have any private questions, and if you have any any way that I can help you or your team, it will be my pleasure. Definitely clear it. You know, if you can share my information, that will be wonderful. You'll

Speaker  500944:00
do alright, guys. Well, I appreciate Meltem, and I appreciate all you guys showing up today, and we'll we'll go from there, talk y'all soon.

Speaker  503237:20
Perfect. Bye bye bye.
