Scott Dyer
Date: April 11, 2025

Speaker  00:00
I'm gonna tell you how to add ten million of revenue. Oh, yeah, this year,

Speaker  2992:00
that's me,

Speaker  3472:00
yeah. So I have a team. We did 16 last year. We'll do 2445, this year. We have 15 employees, some Westerners, fully remote. I have two meetings a week, and I'm, quite frankly, bored, and I challenge any of you to a race. Okay, so I'm gonna be a little bit punchy here. So here's my theory, and this is I've been selling for 10 or 12 years, like chasing shiny shit is stupid. Focusing on what you're good at, focusing on what your business is good at. I'm good at product development. I'm good at launching here's how I'll show you what we're doing. Like, I think, yeah, meme coins are stupid. Tiktok virality is kind of stupid. Like, you're gonna sell a lot of stuff, but then you're not gonna sell a lot of stuff. And that's the opposite of Amazon. Amazon is, once you get it up and running, it's somewhat consistent. So as much as, like, I'm attracted to other business models, Amazon is the best place to launch products and best place to make a bunch of money. So the economics of launching are for us sitting in this room, like, if any of your friends, I'm sure we've all had this conversation, they're like, Hey, man, can we get coffee and talk about Amazon? Those people are gonna get slaughtered. We've been selling for a long time. You understand your supply chain, you understand your markets. You understand Amazon's, I promise you that launching products in your sub markets, you'll make way more money. You might lose some money, but all on the on the whole you're gonna make a lot more money. Yeah. So we're, Oh, geez. Okay. So then people are like, but I don't have product ideas exactly. You don't need product ideas. Copy yourself. The Chinese will copy you. So we have six or seven brands. We're primarily two brands, but we copy ourselves all the time. We do good, better, best. So you know, if you have a $20 product selling, well, do a $10 product? Do a $20 product? Make it a gold plated product, whatever different colors do, one that's all males do, one that's all females. We sell clothing and accessories, so maybe potentially easier for us. But there's infinite ways to chop up the same stuff without launching completely different products, without finding new suppliers. My suppliers love me because I just say, yep, that same product, slight tweak. Here's a different label go. So it's so easy to scale that way, doing different products with different suppliers, and the real long product development process is a nightmare. Okay, so this is a lot to look at, but this is a sprint. First screenshot from a meeting I had two days ago. So this is January 2025, our launch goal check we expect. Now, this isn't entirely 2020 these are we launched these first couple, 10 months ago, and then it kind of goes down. You'll see some of these are doing well. They're hitting our goals projected. We're selling over. Green is over. God's been sometimes over too. But ultimately, you'll see the some of these are hitting margins. Some of these are struggling. Some of these are zero. Are negatives, right? So we're losing money. This is like, in one way, very optimistic chart. Holy shit, some of the ways, like Europe, you're a mad man. You're losing all. You're losing whatever per month that just launching these products. But I promise you wouldn't you launched to do have a couple good, a couple winners like this, that you're making projected profit, 1015, 15,000 and we're actually hitting those, wouldn't you? You'll take a couple speeding tickets of us, meaning a few of these each shit for you to get these. So you have to do your own, you have to do your own projections. But this is a monthly, we obviously have a yearly, that's how I'm getting to 10 million. And this is our report card. We do it every, every month where we say, you know, were we right? Were we wrong? And we find that kind of a couple products a month. This is 18. You'll see, we're either just launching, we have a couple more. We're still, still the POS are out, so we're gonna launch those. I think we'll exceed 10 million this year, and I think we'll on just new product launches, and I think we'll

Speaker  66000:00
exceed a million and a half. Now,

Speaker  66944:00
what I will show you, you'll say, how do you launch? We don't do anything special. We don't do any black hat stuff. We don't do add carts. We don't do any of that shit. But here's like, I showed I took a tab or, uh, sorry, these, I sort of anonymized it. But basically, these are two sort of report cards for two specific products, a good one and a bad one. Now I should put a good one and a bad one there for a reason, because I want to show you the sort of net result at first, though, go down to the bottom. Here's like, the plan on this product. We have a plan on every product. We have a plan, every phase, right? The weeks, how many units we're trying to sell per day, tacos, all of that stuff, right? And this is the goal, and we just follow the plan. And when I say, we have a launch manager, that's what he does all day. So this one, whoops, gone wrong. This one. You'll see, you know, week one. These are, this is all real data. I just took off the Asin.

Speaker  81888:00
And you'll see

Speaker  82496:00
we can go down on the left side. Just these are the things we're looking at right PPC, sales ratio, we really find that's like an indicator of health of a product, tacos. We're afraid we're okay to burn money. This one got efficient pretty quickly. And then the price, we start low, go high. The one sketchy thing I guess we do is fine, we break apart the reviews and get, you know, 150 pines reviews, but that's as close to gray as we get. What why I think that we have an advantage is because, and I would assume, if you're an MDS, you have some resources, this product is going to make 15 grand a month, or is making 15 grand a month right now, we think it'll be 2025, grand a month profit. But this is what we've had to do. We're 18. What is it? 22 weeks into launch, and we have 106,000 in inventory, because we've had to relaunch, like in week 15 or something, because we are really not relaunch reorder in week 15, because we're like shit. This is going well. Our initial projections were too low. We got to order rooms. So we're only 22 weeks into launch. We're 105,000 $6,000 deep in inventory, and we're $36,000 prospect, still like a little scary, but we're starting to make money. This one will be a killer, and we'll make, you know, a quarter million dollars profit a year this year. This is a bad one, right? And here's, we are, oops, this was the plan, same deal, several, you know, similar price points, whatever, but just kind of all the metrics are not going well for this one. But what's what? What we're always watching all the way over here. So we're week 19. This is why we're we're in deep shit because we went we followed the plan. We lost money, right? We're still negative, and then we got $44,000, in inventory, and we're selling 238, a week, so 1000 a month. It's going to take us a while to sell through that, but what's going to happen is, at worst, we're already a break even, Greg, we've made $105 off a month or last week. So what's going to happen is we're going to sell through 44 by the end of the year. This one's going to suck. Gonna take us probably what says four to 48 days of inventory. Hopefully we can do slightly better than that, run some deals, break even, yada yada, and we'll get to this. And maybe we are 5000 in the hole, 10, 510, 1000 up somewhere in there. But at the end of the day, we move on. And you do that times 20, you'll take a couple speeding tickets like that. So we have one worst one worst one like this, which we're gonna eat probably $30,000 but you take the speeding tickets to make the killer ones, and you do that at scale, and you make a lot more. Can you go over what went wrong on that one? We just never ranked for the keywords that we were aiming for?

Speaker  128570:40
Yeah, we'd have to go through every

Speaker  128912:00
all the I mean, it's a combination. There's never one thing. I think it was a bit I'm in charge of product development, and I think that I kind of got over my skis a little bit and basically copied another competitor's product. And there's no different differentiation. All of our competitors are Chinese, so they're priced always below us. So we got to have some differentiation to command a premium product price. Do you put them all your brand under one cell, one account? Yep, and then multiple brands. Amazon is okay with that. They're totally different brands, totally different packaging. No problem, even if it's the same product. I mean, if you held them and you the basic sometimes they're similar ish, sometimes they're different colors, different slate materials. So why don't you open another central we have a second account. We don't because why within, within, um, within, within seller or within seller board? You just segregate by brand. You have all the analysis, okay? And there's just one credit card, one LLC. Let's see straightforward. How do you make your projections on your before you launch that is, that's where you get burned with that. What we found, we've gone too much. We've got too little. What we found is, you'll see, even on this good one, we shut the listing down, it comes right back. So what you'll see week right here, we shut the listing down for three weeks, and then it came right back. So we're not afraid to. And you spent you eat a little bit of PPC to get it back going, and stuff. But um, so now we're erroring on the lower side, and we as long as the product's not, like, faulty or four stars. I mean, like, but how do you, like, decide, like, what the projection that's the beauty of launching in your space, because you know your products. You know your you know your market, and you have your your your you have an analog product that you're kind of keying off of. But yeah, you get it wrong. Yeah. You ever feel like you're peeing with yourself adding so much variation, if the market. It is big enough? No, sometimes my PPC Internal Manager, you know, expresses sometimes, hey, we're gonna compete on slightly different or we're gonna compete on the same keywords. So there is a risk in that, but it's the markets we play in are big enough that we're not afraid of that. And then often what we try to do is like, it'll be the same product, but one's made of cotton, one's made of bamboo, and so we know that there's keyword traffic for both of those, and we try to make one very poly, one very cotton or.
