11. FC Chats_ Executive Strategist Roundtable
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  944:00
Between growth and profitability. Like we all obviously want to be, like, growing really fast and like, we want to kind of have both. But how do you, how do you balance that, that piece, at

Speaker  3328:00
that end of the day? A couple of a couple of levels on that, on that question. That's a really good question. My first answer would be, if you've taken on investment, you better be really tightly aligned with which one of those like, are they more growth focused or revenue focused? Right? Like, what's your mandate if you've taken on investment? I've seen some folks who didn't do a great job of staying in lockstep with their investors on on revenue versus profitability, and they come into a board meeting and they say, Look, this is great. We grew the business 20% versus last year. Isn't that awesome? And the board's like, we don't care. Man, you're like, your mandate is profitability and and we're down 3% on profitability versus last year. Like, you know, the wind just turned into a loss. So that is, that is step one. As far as, like, outside of investment, I do think you have to, you have to aim towards a revenue bent or a profitability event. They don't have to completely sacrifice each other. But it's, it's typically, you're going to be organized more for for revenue or for profit. And there's a lot of factors that grow, that go into that the season of your business, macro economic trends. I mean, I'm doing, I'm doing strategic planning right now with a guy in Bentonville, Arkansas, who macro econ trends are going to have a massive impact on his business in the next few years. And so we are. We're flipping the Dow at a profit because he doesn't think revenue is a viable play in the next few years because of those macro econ trends. So that can be a factor. You know, your specific industry can be a factor. Your cost of goods sold can be a factor. I think it's, you know, my, my without digging into the details of any one specific business, my biggest answer is, make an intentional choice. Know why you're picking that and then, and then build with either a revenue bent or a profit bent. In mind, is

Speaker  33887:59
there like an is it easier to have one strategy over another, like for example, is it easier to be first profitable and then scale, or is it easier to scale? Sorry, if ultimately you want growth or ultimate, you want to be a big, profitable business. Like, which one is easy? Like, which which of the two? Like option.

Speaker  39637:20
Sexy thing in the marketplace for the last 20 years has been take on a bunch of money, get a bunch of revenue, and figure it out later, right? Like, that's been the play that everybody's run, not everybody, but that's been the, you know, obviously more common thing. Think you're starting to see a little bit of trends private equity and venture funds right now to pull the reins back on that. A little bit. That's probably a little bit of skepticism around the economy. But I do think you're starting to see some of those dollars have more of a desire to see profitability earlier on. I think another interesting piece there is just like, What are you personally building? You're a solo founder that owns 100% or if you've got a partner and y'all own 50% both, it's a huge decision to go, Hey, we're going to take on money and go play the revenue game and try to go like crazy, versus Hey, actually, we're going to try to be profitable from day one and own 100% of the company for the first 10 years and not sell any again. A lot of factors go in. I think you need to put all those on the board and pick what's right for your business. Outside of me, there's whether it's this group or coaches or whoever. There's a lot of people that with outside perspective that could probably be helpful in wrestling with decisions like that as well.

Speaker  58485:20
Anybody got any questions, kind of on that that track anymore. I think it'd be interesting to kind of talk, you know, you kind of got into the little we talked a little bit about the financial stuff you had to have, like your framework for financials as well. And, you know, that's something that we're not always best at as founders. I'm not,

Speaker  62682:39
I'm not great at financials either. I like to hire great people with Financials, but no one is just a really kind of 10,000 foot framework that I use with clients around financials stuck, s t u c, so s t u c, and this is really just, this is for the founder, who he or she is not going to be the person in and out of the the P and L Day in, day out, right? Like they're gonna have somebody else that's in the P and L that's doing the dirty work of the accounting for them. So this is a framework that you could apply. The S is for simple. Make sure whoever's doing your P and L is keeping it simple. Like there's no need to have 19,000 subcategories on your financials keep things bucketed in a way that drives simplicity. Number two is timely. I've literally got a client right now that is closing the books from five months ago. And I'm like, if you don't need financials to make decisions that I guess that's okay. But like, you're not getting the real time scoreboard feedback. You. L if you're closing the books five months in the rears. So trying to get those more timely, that's the T number three is useful. It's really important to have a couple of KPIs on your financials to know, hey, these are the two or three specific parts of the P and L that really drive our success. And making sure that whoever's managing your P and L for you is doing a great job of highlighting those so that's useful. And then the C is for complete. No one should be ashamed if their financials are incomplete. But it's also quite surprising how many p and L's that I see that are incomplete that don't have the full picture of data, which obviously sabotage is what you're looking at, so simple, timely, useful and complete. And that's the kind of thing that you could take to the person who's doing your accounting for you, who's doing your financials for you. I want to have a quick conversation around what I need from you as you deliver the P and L month over month. I need them to be simple. Here's what that looks like. I need them to be timely. Here's what that looks like. I need them to be useful. Here's my three KPIs. And I need to, I need to know every month that they're complete, that every dollar is counted for. When

Speaker  97487:59
do you suggest a business suitable for, like, a fractional controller? When would that be a good time? Like, or

Speaker  99680:00
provide more on that as well? Like, real life situation, right? Like, core competency, we did not involve Facebook ads and competency did not, like involved financials, like, so we brought on this big chief revenue officer who worked at a big four company was really buttoned up when it came to, like his finances and like how a big corporation would work, but not a an E commerce company selling a volleyball net. So we look at it like Dan started steal the the spotlight. But we'll, we'll weave that back in, bringing this guy who, like, is very good as numbers can make beautiful Excel charts and all that, but just starts thinking like, oh, we have room to hire fuck ton of people. And then it just backfires, right? How do you look at better? Maybe me and Dan size. Let's call it five, $10 million in revenue. Who makes the decision on who can you hire? How do you grow when? If that's not your core competency? Yeah.

Speaker  111802:39
So I mean number one. Maybe this is maybe this is obvious. Maybe this isn't. There's a lot of CFOs that cannot be the controller of a five to $10 million business. They do not have that skill set. Like, they hate the details of the work. They don't know enough about standard accounting practices. Like, there are a bunch of CFOs out there that are not equipped to be the controller of your business. And those are two different skill sets. They are two different roles in bigger organizations, to go more directly at your question when to do it has a lot to do with the complexity of your business. I think, I think a lot of small to medium sized businesses can get away with farming out the controlling of their business for a long time. I mean, I was, I was at a agency seven or eight years ago. We had about $3 million in business a year, decent size agency. We had 13 people that worked there at the time, and all of our controller duties were handled off site, like there was a company that we contracted with that did our books for us, and once a month, we had a close and forecast meeting that she led for us, where she took us through our P and L close, and she took us through and we updated the forecast and we looked at the financials together. She was acting in that controller role. We were taking the information she gave us, and we were acting in that CFO type duty space. If you bring in somebody from a huge company to try to help in your five to $10 million business, you may not be ready for that yet. It may not be time for that level of financial guidance and decision making. I mean, you may still be in just the, you know, the raw kind of Gorilla season of of your business. So is that helpful? I'm not kind of answering your question there. I know it went off on a little tangent,

Speaker  140698:40
but yeah, two years too late, but yeah, it

Speaker  141866:40
helps. Dan, giving you've got a question, are there?

Speaker  142410:40
No, you're basically judging it by like complexity, like we're, I don't know. I'm kind of entertaining, maybe bringing on, like a fractional controller, again, just actually, probably to do that, just that, just for them to do the books on a monthly basis, and to do media, like, just meetings and, like, go through the numbers. So, like, it's just, like, really, like the complexity aspect of it, like whether to what's in a loop.

Speaker  148384:00
It's like, live bookkeeping that, like, it's automated monthly so, like, I know a lot of like, SaaS. People are starting like econ. People are using it. We're switching next month, because our accounting thing was like $15,000 a year, so this is like half the price. But yeah, we've removed our CEO, CFO, after all the stuff we talked about. So we're down 150k higher, and things seem much better, actually.

Speaker  153973:20
Hey, Chris, that's a really common story, man. I know you said that advice was two years late. There's a lot of people that have been that have been in the exact same CR and have that and gone through that experience. Paraphrase that for me real quick.

Speaker  156762:40
Clay Dan, what was the final part of that? Like, the actual question of that, I think we're good. We're good. Okay, cool. Sarah, you're up. Oh, I was

Speaker  158810:40
gonna say just maybe you want to get an accountant from a smaller firm. Yeah. Or used to your. Size business, and just meet your CPA a little more regularly, have them go through stuff you may not need a CFO or someone coming from a big firm, because, as you said, they're big company mentality,

Speaker  162704:00
co sign that all day long. Sarah, absolutely. Sarah

Speaker  163504:00
was an accountant before she did this.

Speaker  163984:00
That's my prior life. I'm glad

Speaker  164992:00
I didn't know that when I started answering, I would have been really,

Speaker  165861:19
really cool. Chris, yeah,

Speaker  166533:19
just to, just to comment, in the summer, we hired kind of somebody who's fractionally going to help us not really make a lot of the decisions, like a controller or CFO, but, but does a lot of the back end, like we'll still take care of the bookkeeping, but in terms of organizing our financials in a way that that we can look at it on a snapshot and then make any kind of business decisions. Our plan is to meet, you know, review monthly with her once the panel closes at the end of the month, and then try to move that to quarterly. And I can't believe we didn't do it sooner, like it was something that we just did in house, and we kind of piecemeal decisions based on this, that and the other but, you know, she's come in and just cleaned everything up, even on our balance sheet, our P and L, and it's made, you know, the last couple months really easy when it comes to, you know, decision making on, you know, equipment purchasing, or whatever the case is. Yeah, I'm kicking myself. We didn't ask for the help earlier, and then, you know, my wife and I still make the decisions, but at least we have organized information in which we can do something with. That's really good. Chris, cool.

Speaker  185157:20
Anybody else? Any questions? Or move on. Ben, I guess, you know, we've kind of talked about a few things, but is there anything, you know, we've got a few minutes left that you really want to we can ask Have more questions as well. But anything that you really can think of that help people that are kind of, you know, like, start, start at one. Our sweet spot is kind of like that five to 10 to $20 million range, like, what things you've seen and, you know, good, bad and ugly. You know that you know stuff for us to watch out for, and you know stuff that you know you've seen, that people have done wrong, or you know things that ways. You think that this group could, you know, benefit from good stuff like that. You that You recommend. Let

Speaker  196688:00
me roll out just one more framework that maybe you guys could use as an answer to that question. I have a couple of things that I use as assessments when I'm engaging either a potential client or a new client, just to kind of understand their business. One of the things that I'll use is just a pretty simple three part framework. The first piece is so these are the three things that must be present in order for a company to scale like Win, lose or draw, all other things equal, these three things have to be present for a company to scale, smart, appropriate and uncomplicated capital. So that's the first one, smart, appropriate and complicated capital. I'll come back to that number two, needle moving strategy, and number three, a rock star operator. So those are kind of the three things that I am really, really assessing for. So on the Capital One, I hate complicated capital. I hate it like when people roll out a cap table and there's like, preferred shares and 10 entities and parent entities of entities, like messy capital slows people down, and it always bites people in the ass at the at the most critical moment in a business's life stage. So I hate, I hate complicated capital. Keep your cap table simple. I'm not saying don't bring on money, but if you do bring on money, bring on the right person and keep it simple and really think through your needs in the future and how your cap table will react to those needs in the future. I also think it's a pro. It's important to get appropriate capital. I've actually seen it be really problematic for people to get too much money too early, just because they have a great idea that creates expectations that can really sabotage the healthy growth of a business so smart, appropriate and uncomplicated capital. Number two, do you have needle moving strategy? Like real needle moving strategy, the type of insights that drive competitive advantage, the type of insights that create some, some real tailwinds for your business? And so I'll often ask somebody that I'm getting to know, like, what are your What are your three biggest needle moving insights in your business that are feeding your your strategy, and number three, who's a rock star operator. I'm thinking of a former client right now, two partners in Kansas City who are both, it's a male and a female, and they are both big picture thinkers. They are both visionaries. They are both like they can see the future, but neither one of them could create the future, and they did not have a rock star operator, and it almost submarine their business. They almost pulled that lever too late in hiring their rock star operator. My kind of argument here is you have to have all three of these things. Things, and you need to be asking yourself, where are we vulnerable? Are we vulnerable around our capital, whether we've taken on money or not? Like, do we have enough cash on hand? Are we vulnerable around our capital? Is our capital too complicated? Do we have true needle moving insights that can feed our strategy? Like, do we have the type of insights about our segment, about our our product, or about our consumers, that we can, like, take share from the competition with and number three, like, who's the rock star operator? Who's actually going to do the work, not just to see the future, but to go create the dagen thing, and making sure you have all three of those. So I mean, rock star operator, that's that makes sense. That's great. In theory. What are some things for an operator? I feel like that's a term that I've heard so much in so many different ways. But is that just like a project manager keeping accountability leading like, what are some of the things that you see that's like a strong operator? Yeah, I mean, that is somebody who wakes up ready and willing to grind in the details of the of of the daily business, like they are not living in the strategic plan and new product development. And I wonder what retailers we could go talk to next, and like they are waking up going, how are we going to get product today to our consumers? Where are we at from a supply chain standpoint, where are we at from a raw goods standpoint? Where are we at from managing the present relationship with our retail partners like they are grinding on the day to day details of the business, and they probably live and exist off of some sort of checklist or project management system like you mentioned question,

Speaker  266245:20
yeah, first is kind of like a follow up rock star operator. Ways you think that we can all become better rock star operators and kind of take it to the next level. Like, yeah. Do you have any like, frameworks or tools or advice for that? That's one question, and I'll let you answer that, and then add one more general question after Yep.

Speaker  271626:40
So the unfortunate answer is, if you hate the day to day details of operating the business, and you love the big picture, the sooner you can account for that in how you build your business, the better. Not a lot of people are visionaries that become rock star operators. It's it's kind of like a hard wiring DNA thing. And so if you can account for it elsewhere within your business, the sooner, the better. So that's, I mean, that's, that's the biggest answer I have to that question. It's not a, I mean, it is a skill set that can be developed and refined over time. But most of us are pretty hardwired one way or the other. Yeah,

Speaker  280661:20
is it kind of like, you know, just the way you think about the business, like, you know, like you said, when you wake up in the morning, thinking of the future or thinking of the right

Speaker  283322:40
now. You might there's a new framework out from Patrick Lencioni called Working genius. And I'm sure some people around here have seen it, and it whatever. It's kind of good, it's kind of silly, whatever. But it does a nice job of framing up like everything from Blue Ocean wondering to the tenacity to get things across the finish line. Like, it's important to know where you have the most competency and the most energy on that spectrum, and build your organization to compensate for where you're

Speaker  290528:00
not great points. And my other question, which is kind of related, but also could pertain to, like, other things you talked about too, is based on, like, your experience from, you know, the past few years, how would you say, like, things have changed with, like, the rise of AI and the different way that we're all operating with, like, you know, the way that business is changing, what's kind of like, the biggest change that you've seen in how you've worked with clients.

Speaker  297717:20
A couple of things that I think are interesting. Number one is the idea of leapfrog industries. And so there was an article in the Wall Street Journal a few months ago that highlighted this, but I forget who the author was, but he or she made the argument that AI is going to have the biggest impact on industries that haven't innovated in a while. And so, like this article highlighted higher education and and legal professions. They said, like, watch these two industries who haven't innovated much in the last two decades, AI is going to come in and take them by storm. And not only is it going to catch it up on the on the innovation timeline, it's going to leapfrog and go way far in advance. So I think that's one thing that's really interesting to watch, the biggest impact may come in parts of your business, or parts of running your business, where innovation hasn't been happening too much in the in the last two decades. The second piece that I think is is really important is that you find a trusted source for information on what's going on with AI. So there's a attorney that I do not know, but I get his weekly email. He's from Boston. I think his name is Kyle, West away, and he writes about AI every single week in his weekly newsletter. And AI, I feel like it's something for me to stay on top of, because I get questions like this all the time from clients. And so I stay on his newsletter, and I read the articles that he sends out, and I read his opinions about how he. AI. I mean, he's writing a lot right now about what he's calling person enhanced AI. So it's not where AI takes over, but it's where AI comes alongside professionals and accelerates their impact. That's a topic I'm learning a lot about right now. So find you a source that delivers some information for you. Hey, I saw a really good question in the chat from Jay, who I don't know, don't see on my screen at the moment, but he asked, When does a founder start to pay themselves? And I have a couple of thoughts about that that I could hit real fast. So number one, make sure. Make sure. Make sure you're talking to your personal tax person about that. I mean, the implications are massive, so make sure you're talking to your personal tax person like that. The thing that I see most common is set yourself on a livable wage salary, and then pay yourself a quarterly bonus based off of cash in the business that you feel comfortable with. So as an example, let's say your target salary might be 200 grand a year, right? Like whatever you might set yourself at a $60,000 salary, where you're getting payroll twice a month on a $60,000 salary, and then once a quarter going, do I have the cash in the business to send myself a bonus, a quarterly profit share bonus, based off of the cash that's in the business that I'm comfortable sending out and trying to catch myself up to that, that pace that I'm trying to hit of 200 grand a year. Now you can't do that forever. Eventually you're going to have to increase your your salary to be more parallel and in line with what you're doing, but as long as you're if you're in those really early stages where there's a ton of risk and fluctuation around cash on hand, and in the business, that's a great strategy.

Speaker  344133:20
How do you think about the situation where, at least in our businesses, where we have products, it's always there's always another bill that we have to pay for coming up, so taking those distributions just seem almost impossible. Where you get to the end of the year like, hell, yeah, I can finally pay myself. And it's like, oh shit. Walmart just ordered no all that money's out the door. Walk us through that if anybody's been successful, unless the answer is, just do it and figure it out afterwards.

Speaker  350138:40
It's a great question. It is certainly more complicated on a on a product business.

Speaker  351386:40
Happened yesterday, right? We just got a half million dollar order from Costco that I wasn't expecting, but I'm happy about it's awesome. Costco money, not my money anymore. Would love to hear how you'd approach and think about that. Are

Speaker  355072:00
you accrual on your accounting? Are you accrual based on your accounting? Yeah, we are, yeah. I mean, I think that's one important piece, because a lot of folks aren't. They don't start like that, and they have trouble shifting that. I think that's one important piece. Me. Important piece, man. I mean, similar to building profitability in your business, like, at some point you just have to make yourself start paying yourself a fair wage, or else your business model is just broken, right? Like, you know, from from line of credit to taking on investment, like, somewhere that's got to give, unless you have alignment with, I don't know if you have any partners or not, Chris, but you have alignment with other ownership of going, Hey, we're in asset building mode, and we're okay taking it on the chin for a while. You have to pick a lane there, you know, like, Okay, we're gonna all make less for five years because we're all focused on what's on the five year horizon or no. This needs to this needs to roll more of our lifestyle. We've got to build around that one of the I mean, this is probably a parallel to a couple of different things we've talked about in the last hour. But it's amazing, Chris, how many topics like that people just haven't made an intentional decision. They're just kind of going decision point to decision point to decision point, versus crafting a strategy and trying to stay in that lane and seeing how the live feedback comes

Speaker  374677:20
in. Yeah, we kind of just see the piano for the month say sick did good or bad, and then went to the next month.

Speaker  376149:20
Anybody else have any questions for Ben when

Speaker  376917:20
you talked about being rich versus being the king, in an effort to become rich and hiring, making the right hires, bringing in the right operators, and really trying to get to that high level, visionary place where it's just kind of placing orders with the team, with someone that's a few years into the business, in that five to $10 million range per year. How would you recommend bringing in a partner? And maybe you don't recommend a partner, maybe it's just pay them, you know, salary. Or would you recommend a partner versus some type of operator, CEO, or maybe operator, not a CEO. What would you recommend there?

Speaker  387072:00
So Spencer, I would only bring in a partner if there's, like, a really compelling business reason to do so you literally can't afford to pay them, and the business is going to die without them, and you've got to do something. So you you give up some some equity or whatever, or they bring some really compelling competitive advantage to the table via an experience set or a relationship or a network or whatever. I would only go partner if there's a really, really compelling business reason to do so, particularly if you're in the five to $10 million range and you're not in an insanely complex business. There is a lot of great talent out there around operators that is not crazy expensive. I had lunch last week with a guy that lives I'm in Northwest Arkansas that lives. Here in Northwest Arkansas. He's 27 and if I had a business, I'd hire him tomorrow to be my operator, and he and he would only cost like 70 grand a year. Like the value that he's going to deliver on a $10 million business is insanity, because he's wired to be an operator. He's crazy hungry, he's he's really humble, he's people smart, he like he's ready to rock and roll. I love the idea of hiring a young, hungry, maybe not young, but a hungry operator. And I think there's more out there than people realize. You just have to look and access

Speaker  408293:20
your network. Is that guy still for hire?

Speaker  409317:20
He wasn't actively looking? I'm sure he could be. Yeah. Look, people are lining up in the chat. They want to. They want my guy's name and I'm happy to charge a finder the finder's fee or something, you'd

Speaker  411754:40
really stay away from. I mean, if, yeah, the business, you know that eight figure per year run rate, cash isn't tight, really, just try to hire that out, rather than bringing in a someone that can, they can hustle hard, kind of prove their their worth. Maybe give them some points of equity rather than cash, or, yeah, you could get, yeah. So many ways to do it.

Speaker  417600:00
There are so many ways to do it. There's, there's, you know, Phantom equity. I'm a big fan of phantom equity. If you're, if you're an outright owner, that's a great way to incentivize somebody. It can get a little complicated, but it's not, it's, it's not actually accessing your cap table, which is good, but I am much more inclined to go out and find somebody that is hungry and wants to come on and wants to run the day to day the business really making sure you do a great job in the in the hiring process of assessing their ability to be that day to day operator. I mean, I would give them a work project where they have to prove that they like the day to day nuts and bolts operations of the business. I'd want to talk to references and ask specifically about that, really dig into the work that they've done and make sure that they're an operator. But, but if so, man, on a business that size, where you're not your hands aren't tied by cash, you go out and spend 8070, 80, 100 grand on an on a rock star, hungry operator? It's a very low chance you're going to

Speaker  434256:00
regret that. Anybody else are we good to go think we're good? All right, Ben, well, thank you so much for joining us. We got a lot of good info. We'll if anybody needs Ben's info, let me know. Or Garrett, we'll hook you up. But yeah, just appreciate you kind of giving us some some things to think about here, answering

Speaker  439317:20
Yeah, I think it's really cool what y'all are doing. I'd say, keep it up. Like this kind of peer groups, extremely powerful. And so kudos to you guys for doing it. And it was fun to jump on today. I feel like I've been on the Hot Box for about an hour. So I'm gonna go, like, drink a beer on the back porch or something, but there you go. It's fun being with you guys.

Speaker  443930:40
Good. Yeah. Man, appreciate it, bud.

Speaker  444986:40
Yeah. Thank you. Bye.
