4. FC Chats_ Break Free from Burnout with Bobby Hobert
Date: October 21, 2025

Speaker  3088:00
Okay, we are recording, and we are going to get this party under way, ladies and gentlemen, the founders club. Thank you so much all for carving out the time and energy for being here today. I do not take your time and energy lightly. It's one valuable resource that we can't get back. And so know that I'm coming into this entire workshop with really that in mind and trying to make sure that you leave this workshop going that was worth my time, so know that I'm really here with a pure intention to help and guide you. I don't want to see the 39 people that are on this call right now, because that means that there's probably some ounce of burnout happening in your life right now, either by a show of hands or in the comments. Does anyone feel burnout right now? Or have you felt it heavily in the past? I get it right, and so that's what we're here to do today, is talk about burnout, a little bit about myself. I actually just joined the founders club community to help with both sales and some of the community stuff. You'll probably start seeing my name more in the coming weeks. I just joined about a month ago, but I've been watching this community build from afar over the last two years, and it's so exciting to me, and that's why I reached out to Chris and I said, Hey, I like what you're building with Aaron. I want to be part of it. Let me know if there's a way to make this work outside of working at founders call by I've been on this journey of being a burnout coach, helping people create and live a life by design, and that's why we are here today to to do this workshop. And one thing that caught my attention, I was looking actually at our our website today for founders club, and there was this, this first landing page statement, which is, we are in the modern day community for founders, entrepreneurs and CEOs who want it all, who want it all, but real talk, how many of us on this call are actually giving the right time and energy to all areas of our life? I'd love to know in the comments right now, on a scale of one to 1010. Being like Bobby, I'm spreading my energy across. I feel really good. Where are we at? What's the truth? How do we actually feel about where our energy is being spread? And if it's on the lower side, and you feel like it's a one, it's not being spread properly, that's okay, because that's what you are here for today, and that's what we're going to dive into. So couple intention settings for this workshop to give you all just a little you know, mindset of kind of what to look forward to going into this. Number one is, I want you all to walk away with just one simple actionable step by the end of the workshop, just one simple change that can truly have a profound, compound effect throughout the coming days, weeks and months ahead. That's all we're looking for. Is just that one subtle change. It doesn't need to be some massive tomorrow morning, I wake up and we're resetting our lives across the board. We're just looking for that one subtle change that can ripple and then from there we can add in more changes. Next is, I want to say this is going to be a very going to be a very interactive experience, right? It's not going to just be me talking. I am absolutely going to get you all involved. We're going to have breakout groups. At some point, we'll bring everyone back in to kind of make this a group experience. But I am not here to talk the entire time. I actually get more joy hearing others talk and hearing the transformation. So know that in the beginning, it's a little bit heavier on me, kind of setting the frame and giving some context. So what we're here to do, but it's going to be very interactive. What is said here stays here, right? This is the founders club community. So do not feel held back. I would invite you in the sense of the more you give, the more you'll take, the more you're willing to share, whether it's in the comments or in the group breakout rooms, the more you are going to take away. And it'll probably be so clear on what those actionable step or steps will be for you. Next is, this is a safe space. There are no silly questions, I promise you there are probably multiple people on this call that will want to hear your question that are probably going to be able to resonate, including myself. So just know that you are absolutely in a safe space, and no question is a bad question or a silly question. Lastly, All that I ask is to be fully present, be on camera, if possible, cut out the distractions, to minimize all the notifications, the more you are present, the more likely you're going to get out of this. How do we feel? Comments. Are we are we ready to drop into this workshop? Are we feeling good? Good. We got some thumbs up. I love it. I love it. Do we have any meditators in here? Another show of hands. Anyone that has any experience meditation. Great, great. So what I would love to invite you all to do is I want you all to just gently close your eyes for a second. If you've never done this publicly like this, that's okay. It might feel a little weird, but I promise you, we are all in the same container doing the same thing right now, and all I want to invite you to do is to pause any thoughts, emotions, anything that has been going on in your mind up to this call right now, I want to invite you to not worry about the emails you need to get to after this call or the projects you need to finish by the end of the day. We don't need to worry about any of that right now, I would invite you to just be exactly where you are and just be present on this workshop. And that is how you're going to get the most out of this time spent here. So I'm going to guide us through three deep breaths to just ground us, to calm us, to feel present, to hopefully let go of any of those trickling thoughts of the things that need to get done. So please join me. Take a deep breath in. A deep breath out. Another one in

Speaker  101082:40
and out.

Speaker  102885:20
Last one in and out,

Speaker  106805:20
you can slowly open your eyes, hopefully feel just a little ounce better, make a little bit calmer. It's a little trick that I use any time in my day that I feel a little burnt out, a little overwhelmed, just that 1% shift make all the difference. So a little bit about myself and why am I leading this workshop? 2016 I graduated college and went to Bentley University, outside of Boston. I don't know if we got any Massachusetts folks in here, or anyone that's heard of Bentley, but instead of graduating and getting a big boy job like most of my class was doing, I decided to do something a little different. Started driving Uber full time, and I started my first podcast, and I promise I'm not here to just talk about my story. It all connects. So just stick with me. I did this because I wasn't sure what I want to do with my life, and I wanted to find my passion, and so I started interviewing young, passionate people in the hopes that would figure out what I wanted to do with my life now, over this three year period, I got so hyper focused on building my podcast, and so my life was very plain and simple. I woke up, I worked out, I worked on the podcast, I drove Uber, I went to sleep, I did it over and over and over again, I was very naive, looking back on it to think that in six months time I would be able to make a living doing it didn't happen. It took me a long time to find a way to make a living doing the thing that I loved. But during this time, I was learning bad habits. I was shifting my identity to be focused on followers, downloads on my podcast, and money. That's all I could think about. That's all I was worried about. And so I did that for about three years. Eventually moved out to LA, kept working on the podcast, interviewing a lot of founders that were building amazing businesses, one of which was the founder of liquid IV. This was 2018 he was a small startup, and about a year after interviewing him, I was still driving Uber, and he I had posted something on social media saying, I'm looking to quit the Uber career and find a way to make a living doing something that's more aligned with me. And he offered me a full time position. So I take this opportunity to work at liquid IV. It's a dream job, right? It's six figure salary, benefits, etc, and my thought is, I'm going to keep working on the podcast on the side. Few months goes by, the honeymoon phase of the new career finally settles, and I find myself financially free, with a lot of time. But the problem was I didn't know how to use that time, because I was so used to just grinding and growing, and that's it. And so February 2020, hits, and I finally hit the wall. It's a day after Valentine's Day, and I just break down in my room, right? So I think it was a Friday night, 10pm I'm living with two roommates. I don't know what they were doing at the time, but I just I hit a wall. I start bawling my eyes out, and I just realized I'm right where I want to be. Wanted to be. I have money, I have time, but I don't know what to do with it. I don't have community. My dating life hasn't existed in three years. I. What's the point of this if I don't even have like something to fulfill myself on the weekends? And so that's when the turning point started to happen. I was starting to have an identity shift, right? So once again, at this point in my life, I was so wrapped up in business results. And anyone on this call you can either way, put your hand up or in the comments. Has anyone been been guilty of that, where we're just so hyper focused on the next business deal, more money in the bank, more partnerships, we just keep telling stuff, it's only once I get there then I can live, then I'll be happy, then I'll feel fulfilled and freedom, etc. And what often happens is we get there, and then we look at the next mountain and go, Well, it's time to get back to work. So this point in my life, I had not been on a date in three years, hadn't entertained it, hadn't allowed myself. I averaged probably looking back on it, sleeping six hours a night, because there was, quote, unquote, always more work to do, and I could just power through it. And I was all about the hustle culture, and I was drinking the Gary Vee Kool Aid, which I do love, Gary V still to this day, but I've completely changed my mindset on some of what he preaches. I used to see vacations as just a waste of time. I thought community was a distraction from growing my business. I believed rest was a weakness, right? If all these high achievers, all they do is work and grow and grind. So that's what I need to do. And honestly, life was really black and white. That's what it came down to. I just saw life black and white, of working, growing my business, going to sleep over and over, and it wasn't fun. But during that breakdown, it started to open the store, to create a new identity for myself, to realize that work wasn't just about excuse me, to realize life wasn't just about work, that I wanted to start seeing my life from a lens of color. I wanted to have the community. I wanted to have a great relationship with someone. I wanted to grow my business, but also like travel on it and explore and have these awesome experiences. And so from that moment all the way up to where I'm at today, I have been so hyper focused on living and creating a life by intentional design. And what I mean by that is getting super clear on what are these different aspects of my life? What are the goals? What do I want to see happen and realizing they all are interconnected. The business results are just as important as my relationship. The time with family is just as important as carving out time for my own physical, mental, spiritual well being started seeing everything as an equal balance, and when something did not get the proper effort, attention and energy that it needed, I could start to feel and see the shift. And so over that time, I really pushed myself. I got really hyper focused into running. I ran three marathons in six months. I started to travel more. I went to Bali, I went to Costa Rica, Europe. I started exploring and allowing myself to do these things. I ended up getting engaged, and I'm getting married in the upcoming July. I built my social media presence over 400,000 I started to prioritize other aspects of my life, and I started to have the craziest growth in my career. It was like what is happening? Brand Partners were coming in. Social media followers were through the roof. And I was only working 4050, hours a week, 50 sometimes, but I was really living in balance, and it just didn't make sense. I was so used to thinking, the more hours I put in, the more I'm going to receive. But in real time, I was seeing, the less I work, the more results I'm seeing because I'm starting to have these other aspects of my life fill me up. I also moved huge identity shift. And moved from LA to Austin. I allowed myself to follow that intuition with my partner, and if I was so hyper focused on my career, I never would have left LA. I was there for six years. The seeds that I had been planting were finally growing to fruition, and I decided to leave because I felt in my in my heart, that it was time to move on to something else. This was helping me break free from the burnout. Now the biggest question that I get is, Bobby, how do I avoid burnout in the simple solution that I know, we all know to be true, and I'm here to remind you, is boundaries. Boundaries are going to be the bridge for you to going from burnout and breaking free and stepping into life full of abundance of freedom, of fulfillment, of excitement, of rest, of feeling present boundaries. So what does that look like for me? Couple boundaries, just to give context to how I create and live a life by design that stops me from burning out no texts, emails or social media for the first three hours of my day. The first three hours my day, no text, no emails, no social media, no work after 6pm hard boundary, no phone two hours before bed, consistent sleep and wake up schedule, usually Sunday night through Friday morning. And I allow my weekends to kind of be whatever I want it to be. I don't have a strict boundary system on the weekend, but weekday for sure, it's all in place. Weekly community check ins with friends, family, my partner, one full day every week with zero work. These are all boundaries that I have set in place. They're not always perfect. I try to shoot 80% of the time to really follow through on that. But I'm curious in the comments, do any of those boundaries resonate? Do any of those are any of those boundaries something that you have in your life right now, or are any of those boundaries something that you wish to call into your life? The app this the like I said, the bridge of what's on the other side of that is feeling more peace, feeling more fulfillment, feeling more freedom and joy every day. So any questions before I kind of segue us into some self reflection, where I'm going to now invite you all to start getting involved. Any questions, anything I can clarify. I know that was kind of high level, giving you some context to who I am in my story, but I just want to make sure and pause anything I can clarify before we move on. Yes, I'll repeat the boundaries, and then we'll kind of go right back in, no texts, emails or social media for the first three hours of my day.

Speaker  267610:39
Actually, you know what I'll do? In case you are interested in copying, pasting. I'm not saying that's what you want. I'm just going to copy and paste array in here. So I just put those boundaries in the comments, and I'll say them out loud rather quickly so we can keep moving along. No work after 6pm no phone, two hours before bed, consistent sleep and wake up schedule Sunday night through Friday morning. Reason for that allowed I allow Friday night through, pretty much Sunday evening, to kind of be flexible and fluid and allow myself to not have these strict boundaries, which makes me enjoy the boundaries during the week, weekly community check ins, and then one full day every week with zero work. Two reminders as you see these boundaries. Number one, it's not a one size fits all. So if you take these boundaries and want to test them for yourself, be my guest, but allow yourself to make changes, just because I am on this workshop today as the burnout coach doesn't mean I'm the expert, and everything I say is truthful for you. Maybe it's you don't work past 7pm because you don't start your day till 10am right? Like just I would invite you to know that this is not a one size fits all type of conversation. The second thing is the 80% rule, it's really important that I live by that, that I'm going to have my hiccups, that something's going to come up in the morning where I do need to pick up my phone and answer it before you know the 9am time. Allowing that 80% rule makes a huge difference. Okay, so what I would love to invite you to do is either grab a piece of paper, open up a Notes app, if you're more of a digital writer, I'm going to give you all 30 seconds to do that, but have a few questions, very high level that I would love for you to reflect on that really help us as we continue along with this workshop. So the first question I have for you and be truthful? Right? This is just you and you and you. You will be invited to to possibly share some of the stuff, but you don't have to, but I would invite you to be fully truthful with what comes up when I ask you this question and writing down the absolute truth. Do not cheat yourself, please. Okay, first question on a scale of one to 10, how burnt are burnt out? Are you right now? 10 being total burnout, Bobby, I am just hanging on for dear life, and I need so much help right now. On a scale of one to 10, how burnt out are you right now? Write that down. Do

Speaker  310528:00
that is not a dumb question. So this might be dumb, but can you define burnout? Once again, it's contextual to every single person, right? It's not a one size fits all. But for me, the signs, the emotional signs, right? For someone who might be, well, it's working 10 hours. For another person might be working, person might be working 15 hours. Remove that, let's focus on the emotions, feeling tired, unmotivated, overwhelmed, not fulfilled by the work that used to fulfill you, lack of just energy. Um, the emotion, any emotions that you can think about that just don't feel right and that you possibly could connect back to the burnout. Let me know if that resonates, Rachel or I can expand more. But I want us all to focus on the emotions, because what might burn out one person may not burn out someone else to someone else, and that's that's completely okay. The next question for you is, what is causing the burnout? List your top three triggers examples being, I'm committing myself to way too many social activities during the week. Every day, when I finish work, I'm off to the next event or another one could be more work related, very similarly, I'm saying yes to way too many opportunities that I don't have enough time to actually prioritize them, and I'm so overwhelmed, because once I finish one, I'm on to preparing for the next one. What is causing the burnout? List? Your top three triggers right now. Another possible, I'm just throwing out ideas right just to help. Another one could be you've been telling yourself you want to prioritize your fitness in the morning, and it's not happening. And so you find that the energy you would normally get from working out is causing you to just feel really depleted throughout the day, and you're rationalizing not working out at the end of the day because you're tired. So that could also be it. Great. Thank you for sharing, Michael. We're gonna we're gonna dive into some of this very shortly. And what's important, Michael is in for everyone on this call, it's identifying the triggers, right? It's like a valve. If something's giving us a lot of burnout, how do we gently close up that valve to refuel ourselves, to stop pouring out energy to others or other things. Next question I have for you, what areas of life are being neglected because of the burnout? What areas of life are being neglected because of it? Are we not fully present and showing up for our loved ones, our community, our own well being? Are we not following through on certain habits and routines that we know are important to us, but we just rationalize that we're so tired and overwhelmed that we just skip it. What areas of your life are being neglected because of it?

Speaker  362933:20
And for these you can just do bullets if you want to write a full sentence, whatever feels in alignment for you be my guest,

Speaker  366506:40
what areas of life are being neglected because of the burnout? It's gonna be a really hard question to answer, because we're actually writing down the truth of what is being neglected. But sometimes we want to just swipe, you know, push under the rug and not shine light on the Absolute Truth. The next question is, what boundaries could help you reverse this. So if you look at some of the things you wrote down, think of a boundary as a rule, something that's set in place to make sure you follow through on something. Boundary, example, I tell myself, I'm going to work out every morning the boundary could be, I'm going to do it right after I wake up and I have the most energy for the day ahead. Another boundary for that could be, I'm going to allow myself to skip one workout during the day or one day of the week, but I need to hit four out of five days of the week. What's the boundary that needs to be in place to reverse this, to reverse the areas of your life that are being neglected. Maybe you're someone that wakes up immediately, checks into emails and social and just feels completely overwhelmed with what is in front of you for the day ahead, before your feet have even hit the ground. Maybe a simple boundary could be I want to allow myself to have the first 30 minutes of my day to myself to have that cup of coffee, to go for that morning walk. Then I will plug myself into the world. What boundaries could help you reverse this?

Speaker  394005:20
Hey, Bobby. This is Brad. Here. Let me I did this is, this has been awesome. One boundary, this could be an example that, just to give people some ideas, that I set kind of naturally, is, on Sundays, I just put my phone in Do Not Disturb mode for the whole day. Like, I still check my phone, but like, people get that message that, like. Like, I'm in Do Not Disturb on Sundays and even sometimes Saturdays. I do that. And so it's like, I might still work on the weekends, but if you text me or try to call me like, you know that I'm not a priority, like I'm you're not, I'm not going to prioritize you. And then I just check my phone less naturally, because I'm not getting the dings. And so that's a boundary that I like that I've just kind of recently set up that I'm going to stick to. Thank you

Speaker  407045:20
for sharing that. Brad, one thought stutter for you. You don't need to answer. This is something I would love for you to reflect on or test. What would happen if you kept it do not just serve on every day

Speaker  409733:20
of the week. That's where I want to get.

Speaker  410757:20
Always well, we can get into that, but I really appreciate you sharing, because I think that'll resonate with some people. Last question for you all, what would your life look and feel like without the burnout? And I think the key word here is feel. Think about the emotions that you would feel more often if you weren't burnt out. For me, I'm going to share some give some thought. Starters, when I'm not burnt out, I feel energized, I feel excited, I feel present, I feel fulfilled, I feel more gratitude. I feel more loving. I feel happier. What would your life look and feel like without the burnout?

Speaker  427754:40
What would your life look and feel like without the burnout?

Speaker  433344:00
So what we're going to do next is, I'm actually going to put us in breakout groups, in pairs, for just seven minutes. Okay, there's two things that I want you all to discuss in the seven minutes. I promise it's going to fly by. It'll go quick. I want you to chat about what surprised you in your answers, if you're open and willing and able to share what surprised you in your answers. Number two, what is one action you can take immediately to start healing the burnout. I'm going to put this in the chat right now so that you all have that what surprised you in your answers, and what is one action you can take immediately to start healing the burnout. Do we have any questions before I put us in breakouts of twos, it's only going to be for seven minutes, and I promise you, it will fly by any questions.

Speaker  451920:00
So give me a moment. I'm

Speaker  454949:20
going to put it for six minutes. And,

Speaker  463242:40
okay, it might actually group us all into threes and fours, because let's try this. This is my first time doing Google meets. I'm usually a zoom. Okay, this should work, actually, great. Okay, so let me get this down here. All right, we're going to begin six minutes, and we'll jump back In. We're

Speaker  473154:40
could all be seeing that Breakout Room invite.

Speaker  476218:40
Rod, did it pop up for you? Or no,

Speaker  476650:40
I got put in with a note taker.

Speaker  477722:40
Bless that. Okay, well, let's give it 30 seconds, and those who get a note taker we're going to we can make it somewhat of a collaborative experience. Brad, might as well, since you're in here, let's see. I'm getting requests to join. They'll jump back in, Brad, what surprised you about your answers?

Speaker  484640:00
Did you guys all get note takers?

Speaker  485056:00
There was nobody in my breakout.

Speaker  485685:20
I'm so sorry. Yeah, moving forward, that note takers can't be, yeah, this will just be a, you know, I'm gonna do, I'm just gonna close the rooms and bring everyone back one second.

Speaker  490741:20
Yeah, no takers, because probably privacy and stuff, right?

Speaker  491466:40
They're gonna get a 32nd heads up, and then we're gonna, we'll just go right into the next step. I apologize for that.

Speaker  494442:40
These note takers taking up all of our our bandwidth. They should be joining back in the next 15 seconds.

Speaker  497696:00
All right, I apologize, folks that are joining back in. We probably got another 15 seconds, and then I will brief what just happened there. Okay, so I think some people might have dropped because of that. Here we go. They're all back in great, great, great. I apologize everyone. We had some hiccups because all the note takers in this call, and I had it shuffle, and so it's just a logistic pain in the butt. So do we have any brave people that would be willing and open to sharing what surprised you about your answers? We're going to do this as a as a group experience, given the breakout rooms didn't necessarily work. Yes, Nicole, please.

Speaker  508842:40
So what surprised me is that usually, when I feel like the burnout, I usually neglect my business because I'm, like, attributing that to being the reason for why I'm feeling overwhelmed and tired, and so I'll just ignore that, or just like thinking my problems will go away or something, I don't know, I just shut down with the business side, but other aspects, I'm still fine.

Speaker  514400:00
Thank you for sharing that. So follow up question is, what's the shift you need to make?

Speaker  516784:00
Yeah, so I think, like thinking about it. It usually comes down to feeling lost in direction and clarity, because I'm very good at executing and doing but when I feel like I'm moving in so many different directions in one spot, I just stop and don't go anywhere. And so I think my rule that would be very helpful is creating not only daily goals, but weekly and monthly to like, ensure that I'm moving in a direction that I want to be instead of just doing things, just for the sake of doing them.

Speaker  525338:40
Yeah, do you feel when those moments in your day pop up where you don't know where or what to do? Do you feel, does that feeling like lead you to just not like. It literally leads you to almost not taking any action whatsoever. So now you're like, questioning your own ability, because you're like, I have so much to do, but I don't even know where to

Speaker  531072:00
go. Yeah, and then it's like, and then i i not freak out, but then I think about that part. So it's just like, a cycle like, oh, I don't know what to do, so I'm going to shut down. And then I'm like, Oh, but I feel bad for shutting down. What's wrong with me? And then it just perpetuates like that.

Speaker  535029:20
Yeah, I appreciate you sharing that I have found in my personal experience. What helps it sounds so simple is just clarity on daily to do lists that make it so micro. So that's just every every day I'm just chipping one thing to the next, which makes this frictionless day kind of flow, but also the same time when I have those, what I call in between moments of like, 20 minutes, 20 minutes on the counter where it's open, that could be, I mean, for you, I love that you're walking and on this call, but for me, like that's my invitation of, maybe it's to go for a walk, maybe it's to connect with my partner, maybe it's to Go read for 20 minutes, right? So it's like, where maybe, maybe we get lost on what's the business task, but where in our personal life, could we actually use this time more beneficially?

Speaker  547120:00
That actually be a great idea, instead of trying to fill it with, like, another business thing to, like, see what else I need to get done or would like to do?

Speaker  549104:00
Yeah, thank you for sharing, Paul. Let's, let's swing it over

Speaker  550421:20
to you. Thanks, Bobby. It's some really insightful tips. I think you know, for me and maybe a lot of others, is that you always feel like you got to be on working so you never really turn your brain off. And I think it's almost and when you start looking at it, it's almost like you have to allow yourself to stop doing what you're doing and enjoy other things and whatever that whatever your list looks like. So it's almost like that whole less is more kind of thing. So when you're actually, when you're doing it like, let's say you're just working the eight hour day, whatever the math is, it doesn't really matter. But you actually work eight hours. You don't work 801, because you need to shut down. And it's almost identifying good. But you feel guilt. You feel guilty because you think you got to keep. Going and doing something, adding something to the equation. You know, whatever that is happens to be for each of one of us. It's like you almost lost. Have to give yourself permission to stop, because it'll become you become more beneficial for you down the road. So there's like, your comments and your all your stuff you've done so far has been very insightful.

Speaker  564592:00
Thank you for sharing that we we tend to feel guilty in this from personal experience. We feel guilty about it because our identity is so wrapped in it that if we're not achieving, doing, moving, then who are we? Right? But it's the moment we start to see the other aspects as equal weight and value that it's it opens the door of, yeah, I had a great eight hour day crushing through this to do list, but now I get to prioritize all these other things that are so important to me that allow me to feel so excited to get back into the work the next day. So real quick, Paul, what's the one action that you find you need to take, or would like to take in the next 24 hours?

Speaker  574090:40
I think, making a real schedule where, you know, identify, you know, my day starts here and ends here, and this is when it's gonna get filled out, and when it ends, this is what I'm going to do. And maybe part of the day is doing just absolutely nothing. You know, I was, we broke up for a few minutes there, and when, you know, he was saying, he was saying that, like, just allow himself to take a walk for an hour with nothing. And I think that's great, because we have a dog, we just go for a walk for half an hour, an hour, just like, do nothing else, like whatever your whatever your thing is, or go to the gym, or, you know, whatever, play an instrument I don't like whatever your deal is, play with your kids, or, you know, whatever the hell it is. But just allow yourself to do it and not and think about anything

Speaker  583445:20
else, yeah, and not feel bad about it too. Yeah, yeah. Because I think it'll

Speaker  584533:20
be better for you the long run, because you'll make you feel better the next day, when you get back up and doing it again, you'll actually get more Kat, yeah, I think you get way more accomplished in setting these boundaries, as opposed to, like, just halfway doing everything.

Speaker  588010:40
The dogs are absolutely a cheat code to break and free from burnout. My fiance just left with our two dogs, and I'm telling you, it's like clockwork. They need attention every couple hours, and it's that 1015, minutes of like, all right. This is good. This is exactly what I needed. So I appreciate you sharing. Paul, let's listen over to you.

Speaker  591946:40
Michael, so so I'm just constantly feeling disorganized. I mean, so just, I think a lot of us on this call are probably high achievers, and I just constantly feel like I'm not exactly sure what I should be doing, right in terms of, like, a workflow or a process for my day or my week, and I've committed to my team to be to work on CRM, right? To actually go from paper and pen to CRM. And it's hard. It's just, it's just hard to like, like when you're unsure of what you should be doing next, right where you have a lot of balls in the air, and you're like, and I've, you know, I could write them down, and I have for 20 years, but now I'm trying to get digital so it's like, so that it's a constant frustration just about optimizing the day and getting organized and making sure What I'm working on is the right

Speaker  608383:59
thing. Yeah, thank you for sharing that you're absolutely not alone. What I can share has been that maybe that one step forward for you that might just open the door to making this change easier for you, is paying attention and asking myself during my day, when do I feel most excited to do certain things. So there's a reason why I, more often than not, will have the first 90 minutes of my day blocked for creativity, for creating content, because me trying to do that at the end of the day, that same 90 minute block would probably take me two, two and a half hours. So it's it's paying subtle attention to where do I feel most excited to do this type of work, and maybe it's something that you're like, I don't want to do this at all. Great. We probably should tackle that first thing in the morning when we have the most amount of energy, because it's not something we want to do. So we're going to need that extra push, right? I used to have personal finance check in at 4pm on a Friday. How many times I showed up for that, not many, because I don't want to do it. It's Friday. And so I was like, let me auto correct this. I'm going to do it Tuesday at 11am and so like clockwork, every Tuesday this entire year I've actually hit it. So I think it's the balance of paying attention to, when do you feel most excited to do certain tasks, and then figuring that out, building in the system, and holding yourself accountable to it, and then just making sure that, if it's the CRM, maybe that's the first thing you work on tomorrow morning, and that could be the extra little subtle change that then welcomes an even more change. Thank you for sharing. Michael, thanks. Debbie. Go ahead, I

Speaker  635210:40
just have a question. Like, how do you hold yourself accountable? Like you have any tactics for that? So, yeah, like waking up early, going to bed at a certain time, it's so easy to just not do it. And same with like, you know, you schedule a meeting. And for your example, how do you get yourself to actually show up and do your personal finances at 11am yeah,

Speaker  642016:00
so let's, let's start at the fitness stuff, right? Do you have I want you to think back on the day when you said you'd go to bed a certain time you'd wake up at a certain time you do the workout. How did you feel the rest of that day? Great. Great. Right now. Interesting. The reverse the day where you stayed up watching Netflix a little bit later, which we've all been guilty of. You slept in later. You didn't get the workout in. How does that affect the rest of your day?

Speaker  649685:20
Yeah, you feel like off, and that it's almost a sense of failing yourself exactly.

Speaker  651482:40
So for me, what helps me hold myself accountable is that one data point of how I feel when I fall through. Excuse me, it's actually two data points. How do I feel when I fall through, and how do I feel when I don't follow through? It's the same way that I quit drinking a couple years ago because I started to value the end result. How am I feeling by not drinking more energy, more clarity, more focus, etc. So my invitation to you would be, can we focus more on what's the actual end result of us following through on the fitness stuff, or when it comes to that meeting, right? It's the same it's the same thing. It's like I told myself I was going to do this thing at 10am now it's 11am I feel like I'm not following through on myself. I'm beating myself up. I'm very self critical. So for me, that's the system is like. In order to eliminate the self criticism, I just have to do the thing I need to do. And that's where you kind of mix in the boundaries the time of day and holding yourself accountable to actually doing that thing. But really it's a small just like, let me just do this for one day, see how it feels and if it feels right. All right, let me try to do this again the next

Speaker  669850:40
day. Okay, thanks. Yeah, let's hope absolutely thank you for the

Speaker  670778:40
question. It's something that I think a lot of people can resonate with. Anyone else care to share. I'd be so curious to hear you're

Speaker  674368:00
looking at the comments.

Speaker  677536:00
I Kat, go ahead.

Speaker  679909:20
Muted, sorry,

Speaker  680661:20
my bad. You're good for me. I feel like a thing that I was way, you know, burned out as far as like, I bought in with a guy, and he was when we're, like, 45 minutes away our office, and, like, he already had the shop there and stuff like that. What I did starting this year, I work from home one day a week, like, I'm on the computer all day anyway, so like that definitely helped Tuesday nights, usually on Wednesdays, which helps with this too. So usually these calls are on Wednesdays. But so that's just like an idea I had, and then, I mean, I put the exact same setup, the same desk, same monitors, so it feels like work and like because before, when I worked at home, it wasn't as productive because, like, it was just a laptop or something, but I have, like, the exact same desktop setup and everything. So that definitely helped with the burnout. But it also comes with, like, projects. So I do a lot of CAD 3d design work, and I'll do the 3d modeling. I'll have it, the customer will approve it. Will love it, or whatever. But then when you get to the fabrication drawings, like to, like, literally, draw them out in 2d and, like, put them out in the shop. That's, it's, like, the last 10% so can it be burnout, like, per project, or is that something different?

Speaker  699077:20
Expand on that question, so I understand you clearly.

Speaker  699754:40
So like a customer calls, hey, I got this problem. I need to be able to do this safer, faster, blah, blah, blah. I usually design a tool or some type of system put it into place, you know, with my 3d Kat modeling software and stuff like that. Because we're a full custom machine fab shop. I'll figure it out. We'll bounce back and forth ideas. They like it. They'll test it. They love it. In my head, I'm already done with it. I says I designed it. They like it. But now I have to put it on the paper for my guys out in the shop to actually design, or to actually, like, fabricate and weld the machine. Yes, that last 10% like, I'm already, I don't know, I don't know if that's considered burnout, or that's like, just not following like, because I'm already on the redesigning the next thing in my next problem,

Speaker  711029:20
two initial thoughts that come to mind. One is, are we getting so fixated on the end result that we now neglect or don't care about the process of doing those steps? And or two, is this an opportunity for you to delegate something that maybe used to serve you and used to enjoy, but now it's not serving you, which is okay, it's not a bad thing, but it doesn't make sense. And I don't know, in your line of work, doesn't make sense to delegate, bring someone else in, outsource it, etc. No, that would be my two initial thoughts. Is, do you know it's the same way when I. A marathon train. If I go on a 10 Mile Run and I'm just thinking about, man, I can't wait to get to mile 10. I'm going to be miserable for the next 10 miles. And that's why I love running so much. It helps me stay focused on that one small step. So that would be my thought is, do we need to refocus on the true process and being present with what the task is and or should we be considering outsource it if it just doesn't fulfill you? I don't enjoy podcast editing anymore. I can do it, but I just outsource it, because it's not something that I get fulfillment

Speaker  728165:20
from, no, yeah, and that I love the design CAD work, like the 3d and all that stuff, but then I definitely don't enjoy the 2d because, like I said, I'm already done with it, and you could usually have someone else do it. I just have to find the right person that I could like freelance that to, and, you know, someone who understands our program and how my drawing should look for my guys out in the shop. So that's just been what I've been looking for lately to help with that. Because, you know, then also, like everyone else, we don't just do that. I do the sales accounting and all that. So there's other things that are more important than to just put 2d 3d to 2d drawings,

Speaker  736528:00
boom. And that's the invite, is, get clear on where is your time best spent? Slash, what's the things that fill you up and you love to do, right? And then, how do we slowly outsource or delegate everything, right? Okay, that's where I think the best operators. I saw it at liquid IV. He sold this company for half a billion. He was such an incredible operator, because he allowed himself to do his zone of genius. And then delegated, delegated all the things to experts. So that would be my invite, is to think through what are, what are the few tasks that you love to do you it's just like so natural and exciting for you. And then what are the things you don't want to do? And maybe one item at a time, we start to find the outsource or the delegation system for it.

Speaker  748282:40
Yeah, I hired an office manager two years ago and slowly been the best thing. There you go.

Speaker  749466:40
You already, you already know the system. Then All right, thank you. Thanks for asking. Chad Reuben, yeah.

Speaker  751610:40
Hello, everyone. My question is, Is it okay just to realize that the burnout itself is just kind of a normal thing to go through from the time to time, and just like from I'm giving you my personal experience on this right before, I would struggle a lot with that idea that I'm having a burnout. And, you know, don't want to go detail the reasons, but what helped me to go through with them, with the time, it's kind of a more of a developing a resilience, and realizing that the burnout is a part of a process, and it will go if I just continue doing what I'm doing. And you know, some of the factors, obviously, you know you're talking about delegation, changing, but just the simple realization that this is part of the process, you know, even to the sometimes it's relaxing, taking a step back, letting it run its course, and then coming back. Is that an okay way to kind of maybe deal with it itself. You know, that's just been my experience, at least for a very long time, on having a burnout and not having it. And right now it to me, it's like again, it's just like another, you know, part of entrepreneurship that I have to endure and go through with it.

Speaker  772832:00
It's a great question Ruben, and it goes back to kind of what I was sharing earlier, which is burnout is contextual to the individual, right? What might burn you out might not burn out someone else. What burns me out might not burn Debbie. We have to be realistic about what works for us. Could be an eight hour day, could be a 10 hour day, could be a certain project. And so my invitation would be thinking of it like when you're driving a car, right? You keep your foot on the gas, you get the RPMs up. You can see that little red gage of like when you're starting to damage the engine. And so my invitation would be to pay attention mindfully to how you're feeling, mentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually, etc, when you start to hit that red does it actually make sense to keep the foot on the gas, or is it more beneficial? Yeah, to let off the gas. So for you, it sounds like you have a solid relationship with understanding when you need to keep the gas on and when do you need to let off? Right? I know right now. I From now until next Wednesday, when I'm traveling for my sister's wedding, very lot going on, trying to cram a lot of things in that I can't do end of next week. So there's kind of light at the end of the tunnel. But I'm also, each day being mindful of letting off the gas, making sure I'm not working 14 hour days, making sure I'm not on meetings from 9am till 6pm The days are busy, but I'm also making sure that there's those little breaks in between.

Speaker  797258:40
Does that answer? Absolutely yes, it did, and it's kind of exactly just realizing that and not to get over emotional about it. Maybe to the degree, and just let it and again, everyone will find their ways. But general idea is, when getting to that stage, it's like, it's a normal thing, you have to kind of find a ways to get over it. It will pass by, and you'll get back to your normal and great self, and just, you know, go along. Yeah,

Speaker  805104:00
it's great. Thank you for the question. We got time for one more. We'll send it over to is it Kat bars? Did I pronounce that correctly? Yeah,

Speaker  806949:20
perfect. So yeah, I wrote in the chat, but I will repeat. So basically, I build my business and succeeded after five years of grinding. And basically I was working like 12 hours a day, and I was not feeling burned out everything. And then I reached my goals, and right now I feel a bit burned out, but I'm willing to build the next business. But I kind of know that working 12 hours might not be ideal, because I might get burned out again, so, but I don't believe that without grind you can succeed. So I have a conflict there what, what might be your advice in this one,

Speaker  816416:00
I'm not saying you can't work hard. My question for you is, if I'm going to say a statement, I want you to fill in the blank. Caspers is no one's meeting for the Kat, first time someone comes up, Casper is blank. What

Speaker  821248:00
hard working, smart guy that's capable of building big businesses.

Speaker  822677:20
Kat Bruce is go again.

Speaker  823749:20
Oh, my God. Should I say? I don't know, like, in what kind of scope, like business wise, or

Speaker  825973:20
you tell me what, what comes up for you?

Speaker  826661:20
Initially, successful business owner, young man, having a family with two kids, the third one coming up a little bit born out, which I need to solve immediately so I can build the Empire going forward.

Speaker  830810:40
Yeah, thank you for sharing that. So I'm going to say this with a gentle nudge, the thought that what immediately came up and then you kind of got thrown off by and then went right back into successful businessman, is the identity is fully wrapped in business, which, listen, you said to yourself, five years successful business sounds like you've had a lot of success. But my invitation would be, who are you outside of the work. We know it takes grind and hard work to build your business. There's no question about it. But if you're not working the 12 hour days, fill in the blank. Caspers is someone who prioritizes his fitness. Caspers is a family guy. Caspers is an adventurer. Caspers is free. Caspers is excited. Think about what's that identity outside of the work, and that could be a really good action step for you after this call sometime this week. Is if you're not, if your identity, we know who you are, business wise, right? Like, we get that. But I want you to go underneath the hood and think about who else are you. Oftentimes, more than that, when I'm meeting someone, I don't ask them, what do they do? I'll start with the question of like, where are you from? And I try to peel back the layers to understanding how they became who they are today, because then who they are, their job title, the business they started, that's great, but that doesn't tell me anything about them.

Speaker  852112:00
Makes sense. Thanks a lot.

Speaker  852640:00
Great question. I appreciate you asking. We got three minutes left, so I In closing, I know this has been a lot. We've covered a lot. I know you've all have journaled some things that maybe you didn't have a chance to share. My invitation to you would be three things. One, revisit what you wrote down today and get truthful about what are some of those changes that maybe need to happen. Number two is when we think about what needs to happen or the things that need to be shifted, what's that one small change? What's that one subtle shift? The third thing is, I'm going to after this call, and I can actually just share it in the chat right now. I have a free resource for you all, which is all about mastering your time. It's helped 4000 students at this point. It's completely free. It's a digital video course. It's not another thing to add to your to do list. I think if you watch the videos, you can get it done in no more than 20 minutes. But I would invite you to look at this program to help you intentionally design your day, and I'll walk through it. You walk through setting boundaries, scheduling in your day and being more mindful. So if you have any further questions, do not hesitate to email or reach out. I really, really appreciate you all showing up, being transparent, being honest, and I've really enjoyed this this time. So any final thoughts, comments or questions, I want to be mindful and try to get you all out of here right on time, though, and I'm happy to stay on for an extra couple minutes. If there's any last follow ups,

Speaker  879482:40
that's great. We got nothing at. Mean, that means we got a lot of people thinking, and they got some stuff to consider. This is great all in one hour. Yeah, it's great. Like I said, don't take any of your times lightly. So thank you for being here. Hope you all have a great rest of the day, and I look forward to seeing you all in the founders club community.

Speaker  884704:00
Thank you got it. Thank you.

Speaker  885797:20
Thanks. Thank you.

Speaker  886277:20
Thank you. Bye, bye, bye, bye.
