MDS Expert Call with Xhipment
Date: December 16, 2025

Speaker  96:00
Of what

Speaker  9541:20
no tick tock. I thought I thought I should

Speaker  20784:00
shake how are you? I don't know how you pronounce your name. I'm sorry. Oh, you're not okay. Hey, can you hear me now?

Speaker  24997:20
Hi, hi, Belen. I Yes, I can Yes.

Speaker  26597:20
How do i pronounce your name.

Speaker  27018:40
It's Rachit. Rachit Jain.

Speaker  27978:40
Rachit, okay, okay, letting people know we're already here. Hey, Hannes, great to see you. Hello, okay,

Speaker  37567:59
we'll wait a couple of minutes to let people Join.

Speaker  41669:19
Okay,

Speaker  56208:00
okay,

Speaker  59103:59
a big Abe here.

Speaker  62250:39
Hey. Abe, hi, hi, how are you good? Good?

Speaker  63674:40
Yourself, great, enjoying the last couple of days of the year.

Speaker  66032:00
Yeah, last licks of the year.

Speaker  67151:59
Okay, I think we can start. I'll keep letting people join as they come, but I don't want to lose anybody's time. If you have a presentation, that'd be great. Let me just, I'm going to start the recording now. Okay, let me welcome everyone to this week's expert call with Xhipment. Thank you so much for being here. We're looking forward to the content that you'll share with us.

Speaker  79562:40
Hey, thanks. Thanks. Belen, Hi everyone. I'm just trying to figure out. How do I share my screen on Zoom? Just give me a second please, yes.

Speaker  85168:00
Is my is my screen visible, right? Yes, it's great. Hey, thanks. Thanks everyone for joining. I'll just quickly introduce myself. So I represent shipment. We are a digital freight forwarding company based out of India, and us. Currently I'm working from the from the India time zone. I'm managed the business side of things at shipment. I've been working with shipment for almost four years now. Before this, you know, as my past life, I spent almost 10 odd years at Amazon, the Amazon global selling team, and that's the team which helps sellers from India sell on Amazon marketplaces outside India. So, yeah, that's about me. I just quickly, you know, cover through what we have prepared for everyone on this topic of common pitfalls to avoid while importing from China to the US, we have been helping sellers and brands import from China to us and actually multiple other countries for quite, quite few years now, and we have had a fair bit of learning, and that is what we are going to share in this presentation. I will just get on with this now, right? So I just quickly take like two minutes to talk about, what about shipment? So we, we are Amazon's partner for multiple trade links. We have worked with 19,000 plus customers from India, UK, China, US and Canada. A bunch of us here at shipment were actually part of the Amazon global selling team here in India, and that's how shipment started today. Our key customer cohorts are D to C, brands, shippers, doing B to B to Amazon warehouses, Walmart warehouses and multiple other e commerce fulfillment centers. We are not a marketplace. We have a very strong tech layer. However, we at our core, we are a freight forwarding company. We have our licenses in India, China, US and in multiple other countries in the in the world we are. We have, like I said, I mean, we have a very strong tech layer. We are leveraging artificial intelligence to boost our operational efficiency and to improve our customer communication, which means all our calls are recorded for audits. We have OCRs for document processing and compliance. And I will, you know, I'll talk a bit more about it as we go through the presentation. Our licenses and certifications, we are registered with the freight forwarders Association in India. We are registered with the federal Maritime Commission, which is the FMC in us. We have the MTO license in India. We have the ITA license in India. We are ISO two, seven, double 01, certified as well. So um, our ocean and air partners. We worked with some of the major ocean partners, like Maersk, OCL, happ, cmscgm, MSc and ACL, and some of the key airline partners, like Air India, air Menzies, British Airways, Virgin, Atlantic and American Airlines. Obviously, we work with a lot of other ocean partners and air partners as well. However, obviously, you know, not all of them are not mentioned here. Our network today, we have two global offices, one based out of India, here in Bangalore, and the other and the other in in the US, in Delaware, we have agents. We have an agent network of almost 50 plus local agents based out of the based out of multiple countries, across all the major trade lanes. We have 30 plus carrier partners today to make sure that we have the reliable capacity and we service. We, till date, have serviced more than 2100 customers who are actually also active customers using us for their freight forwarding needs. Today, the key regions that we cover is North America, LATAM, MENA region, UK and oceanic what's different about us versus all the other freight forwarders that would have presented to the same cohort? Right? So we are a partner to the Amazon global selling team. Amazon global selling team has a separate program called the Amazon send program. Right this send program is specifically designed for sellers based out of multiple origin countries and helping them ship their products from these origin countries to multiple destination countries, like say, India to US, UK to US, Europe to us, etc. So we are one of those career partners for both air and ocean, or three trade deals today, which is helping sellers ship their products from India to us, fulfillment centers by air and ocean, and doing the same from UK to us, and Europe to us as well, which means that we are actually integrated on the seller central while you are creating a shipment on the seller central in the same workflow. If you're using a India, a UK or a Germany address, you will see our services and the pricing in the same workflow, and you can choose this as your booking party. So that's what the send program does. So that's what we are offering to Amazon today. As a carrier partner, we handle the entire shipping process, which means we are giving a we are giving a door to door solution, which is including custom clearance at origin, custom clearance at destination, doing a door pickup at origin and doing a door drop off at the Amazon fulfillment center or any other fulfillment center for that matter, by taking the appointments if, let's say it's an Amazon appointment or A Walmart appointment, or any other appointments. So yeah, that's, that's what, what we mean when we say we are a certified Amazon partner. Okay, so now getting to the challenges that today, the sellers face, obviously, having worked with almost 2000 plus sellers out of multiple countries today, helping them ship their products across the border, we have kind of crystallized our learnings into these six challenges that today the sellers face. The first one is with the customs regulations, a lot of policy changes with respect to the documentation required at origin and at destination, which can change the cost, the overall cost that a seller is prepared to pay while moving their goods from point A to point B, the tariffs and the duties, the tariffs and the import duties, obviously the flavor of the season. We have seen fluctuating tariffs from multiple origins, going into us. That has been impacting a lot of that has been impacting a lot of sellers who are selling on marketplaces or doing any kind of B to B, B to B, selling into the US, transportation and lot and logistics, the coordination with multiple like shipments, which means that if you're dealing with multiple carriers to and you yourself has stitched together the entire supply chain from origin to destination, then how do you get the right carrier schedules? How do you communicate between the multiple supply chain companies, etc, the inventory management today, with tariffs and duties and all the other challenges the Q, the challenges which come for which which are there with the q4 season. How do you balance the stock levels across multiple Amazon warehouses. How do you balance what needs to go into an FBA, what needs to go into an AWD to avoid overstocking, to avoid paying the high FBA fees in the q4 season is obviously one of the biggest challenges that today Amazon sellers face, and then the lead times and delays, which can be sometimes controllable, uncontrollable, and that is to damage and loss. Damage and loss. So these are a couple of challenges that we feel that the sellers face today while doing their cross border shipments. So now coming, just taking a step back, and you know, since we started this presentation, the topic of this presentation is about the major pitfalls that sellers face while shipping from China to the US is now we're going to just go through we have tried to compile the list of major pitfalls and what we can do, or what is maybe an offering that we don't offer today, but what is the Fix that we know that the sellers are using today to overcome these pitfalls? The first one is obviously

Speaker  242672:00
ignoring the trade war fine print. Many sellers, while they're doing their PNL calculation, are calculating based on the custom duty rate, but they're forgetting to add the Trump tariffs, which can be anywhere between 25% to 50% if you're shipping from India or, you know, if you're shipping from China, it can be 25 to 30% depending on the category of goods, any kind of anti dumping or countervailing duties, the ad CVD duties, which are applicable on products like aluminum extrusion steel or even certain textiles, you will need to take into account these duties and these tariffs while you are calculating the either your profits or you're calculating the final sale price of the product. So the fix here is performing a landed cost analysis that includes the HTS post code verification, which we can help with and checking for Section 3301, AD, CVD, applicable before placing the PO we at shipment. Have a standalone compliance team, which helps with assessing the 301 tariffs and the ad CVD duties on any of the or on the products that you're that the seller is planning to ship out. The second is the intellectual property pitfalls. So the trademark, the way the trademark works in China, is very different to the US in a very different to in China. In China, there is something called that we call as the squatter risk, which is first to file country, if you don't file your register your trademark in China, anybody else who is looking at the trademark. If the person is seeing that the product is doing well, can we legally register your brand name against their company, and they can then block your goods from leaving China at the customs claiming trademark infringement. So it is very important that as you build, start building your brand as you start building as you get your trademark registered in us, you also do the same in China as well. The second is the the mold hostage crisis. We have a lot of sellers who have come to us and have shared their experience that they when, whenever they have tried to, whenever they have tried to switch suppliers. The biggest problems, the biggest problem that they have faced is that the original supplier is not willing to give them the molds, which means that they are having to redo the molds of often, you know, ending up paying more than $50,000 to retool. So it is very important that when the when any of the you know sellers on this call, or you know anybody who is shipping out of China, is getting the the agreement in place with the first supplier is the mold agreement is signed as a separate agreement, which is, I think, called the nnn agreement. It's like a cheap insurance which any seller can, can can sign with their with their factory, to make sure that when you are moving away from the first supplier. Initially you are able to get the mold from the first supplier, and also the first supplier is not able to use the same mold and give the give a similar product to somebody else. I will come to some of the pitfalls in in the supply chain industry. The first one is treating Amazon FBA like a regular warehouse. A lot of sellers, when they start off, and as they, you know, as they're growing, will actually well, while they're doing their profit calculations, they will be not considering some of the fees that Amazon is levying for storing their goods in us. Amazon introduced inbound placement fees in April 2025, now if you are trying to send your goods to a single location in us, Amazon will apply the premium placement fee, or the inbound placement fee versus if you're okay to send your goods to five plus warehouses, any seller who has since all these costs are levied at a unit level. So if any seller has a has, let's say if you're dealing in a category of consumables or herbals, etc, which has very small units, and you're able to fit, if you're able to fit, you know, let's say 10,000 or 12,000 units in a single container, you will end up paying a significant amount of placement service fees. Second is the dimensional weight surprise. I think a lot of people on the call would already know this, for somebody who would not that carriers charge for volume and not just for weight, which means that the Master Box that you're using, that you have instructed your factory to use should fit your inner cartons perfectly, otherwise you will end up paying for shipping gear across the ocean at very premium rates, the LCL versus the consolidation financial leak. So we at shipment offer a very specific product, which is called the ocean consolidation solution today, either a seller, either the sellers will choose to ship their goods via 20 feet container of 40 GP, or a 40 high Q. Anything below that, the sellers will blindly book An LCL, which is a less than container load for shipments. You know, anything below, let's say 20 or 18 CBM, however, they do feel that they are saving a lot of money by not booking the entire container. They are only paying for the the LCL shipment, but a lot of opaque cost. When any of the vendors quote for LCL prices, we offer something which is called the ocean consolidation solution for SMB sellers. We can actually offer anywhere between, you know, 10 to 25% rate reduction per CBM. The difference between the consolidation product that a company, like a shipment or some of the other companies also offer, versus versus other marketplaces is the marketplaces just resell slots in somebody's else's container, whereas shipment builds its own container, and we run our own Weekly consoles from India, UK, Germany, China into the US. The next is the compliance customs nightmare. Any documentation error or a mislabeled box can lead to either the customs ordering cargo destructions or customs taking control of the cargo. What we have built to navigate this challenge is we provide services under the heads of custom, brokerage and trade compliance. We provide AI enabled OCR for document processing and compliance to reduce any kind of human error, which means that when any document is submitted to us, we are able to use the AI powered OCR to read the document, capture the details, send it back to the shipper. Get a get a go ahead and then only move forward. We will also talk about a real world case study where a 50 million plus $50 million plus GMB brand from India their containers got flagged for mislabeling, mislabeling and phase destruction in the US. We intervened mid transit by looking at all the documents that they were submitting and highlighting that this will be an issue as the container start hitting the port in us, we were able to transport the container, relabel the goods, and averted a very significant loss to the seller. The next one is the black box visibility trap. Today, while the ship, while the shipments are handed over, maybe you're using a forwarder of your own choice, or you're using a forwarder, which the factory has recommended, once the shipment is handed over at the port of loading in China, most of the forwarders are not able to give a clear visibility or what is the exact location of goods, or what is the exact eta of the ship

Speaker  394021:20
by when it is going to reach US, which makes it very difficult for any seller to plan their inventory, to plan any kind of deals, Lightning Deals, best deals, or plan for any holiday season. Holiday seasons, we have built a solution wherein we have a customer placing platform which offers live container tracking, which is visualized like a Google map with an end to end tracking, right from the time the empty container is pulled out from a container yard to the time that the final empty container deposited back in the container container yard in us on the right side, you will See a quick snapshot of how this looks like. We also provide real time updates via Excel reports of Excel reports in the form of DSRs, in form of Excel reports and what same WhatsApp real time updates our platform. You can actually any, any seller can actually use our platform to not just to not just track containers which have been booked with shipment, but also track containers which have not been booked with shipments and have been booked with any other forwarder. The next one is the routing and speed and inefficiency today. Why we booked the containers or the factory books the containers moving out of China. A lot of these vessel operators use unoptimized routes, which increase the transit time and often lead to the higher landed cost because the route is not optimized in the sense that the final port of destination is not the closest port to The final destination, which might mean that the cost that a seller would incur to move the container from the port of destination to the to the final Amazon FC is going to be very high. That is where we have a solution, wherein we build customized supply chain design to optimize delivery routes. Whenever a seller reaches out to us with a problem statement of you know, they need to move a good. They need to move certain goods from China, from point A to point B in the US, we will give them multiple we often end up giving them multiple options, which are based on the which are basically, basically a trade off between the transit time and the price and again, you know, we will talk about, we can talk a bit more about in the case study, which is based on a Florida based importer which was facing a lot of delays because most of their Amazon shipments were routed via Florida. However, we were, we worked with Amazon. We optimized the port selection, cut down the transit time because, you know, their containers are going into Miami. We were able to get a location closer to New York and reduce the freight cost. Uh, going to the next one, which is the Amazon specific hurdles. So generic forwarders who have never delivered at Amazon FBA centers will always face a lot of difficulty in appointments leading to rejected deliveries at the fulfillment center. We are an Amazon Certified Partner and part of the Amazon global selling send program and the SBA network, which means that we are able to take appointments in Amazon fulfillment centers, fulfillment centers across US, UK, UAE, Saudi Arabia and Germany. This ensures that any uncontrollables or negative surprises are minimized while any shipments are moving from China to the US. And on the right side, you will also see a quick screenshot from the seller central that how the sellers are able to select if they are shipping from UK, Germany and India. In the same workflow, they are able to select the shipping partner, then they are able to select whether they plan to ship by air or ocean, get the final shipping cost and place the booking via Seller Central itself. We obviously ship in, we are in. We are API integrated with Amazon, which means that as soon as the booking is placed on the Seller Central, we are able to see the booking on our platform. The one of the biggest traps that we have seen the past four or five years of us serving these you know, the set of customers is the middleman markup the lot of digital platforms that are just marketplaces. They are not adding any value. They are not adding any value in terms of they're not contributing to any part of the supply chain. There is another forwarder who is doing the end to end movement the marketplaces are just adding a charge, adding a charge in terms of giving visibility to these forwarders, that obviously makes that obviously means that the price that you are paying for that movement from point A to point B is a lot padded, because one, you are paying for the margins of these digital platforms, and Second, you are paying for the margins of the forwarder who is doing, who is doing the actual movement. Us at shipment, like I said earlier, as well. We have a very strong tech layer, but we have all our licenses in multiple countries in place. At our core, we are a forwarding company. We build our own supply chain, and we are not a marketplace. We work directly with that. We are not an asset owner. Today, we work we have a direct relationship with asset owners like a Merck, Kat, OCL, Costco, etc, which ensure the right accountability from on their part as well. Cool, I will. I'll get to the couple of case study. Actually, I'm not looking at the chat box. If there are any questions, feel free to stop me and ask at any point in the presentation. I will just take a pause before I get to the case studies.

Speaker  514256:00
Okay, anybody has any questions?

Speaker  515664:00
Actually, I have a couple of questions, but maybe at the end, it's more really getting into the details, how to prepare everything and so on.

Speaker  518981:20
Sure, I will just, in that case, I'll just quickly go through the case studies, and we can take the questions at the end of the presentation. The first one is sorry.

Speaker  522213:19
Yeah, okay. Sounds great.

Speaker  522661:20
Yeah, thanks, thanks. So the first one is on the seller, fnf retail chain. We help them reduce their fate cost by almost 50% streamline their imports, supplier consolidation from China. So fnf is a UK based retail brand, shipping, importing home and lifestyle goods from China and selling on Amazon, UK and in us, their supply base is approximately 14 to 12 to 14 factories across China. What they were doing till now is moving either LCL shipments from each of these suppliers, or moving 20 feet containers from these suppliers, which was obviously leading to a higher cross border freight forwarding cost, and there's a lot of manpower that was required at their end to do the entire coordination. The solution that we implemented was that we help them with a bias consolidation containers in China itself, we, as their trade governing partner, started collecting cargo from all the suppliers based out of China, getting it to a single location in China, putting it to into a container depending on the depending on the pure requirement in UK and in us, and then moving it to moving it to us, and delivering it to us, either a single or multiple warehouses in US and UK, right? This helped, obviously, as as you know, some of you who would be doing cross border shipping would already be aware that moving 40 feet high cube containers out of China into USA, UK is the cheapest form of cross border. Is the cheapest form of cross border. Cross border supply chain that you can actually do that is what we were able to build for them, versus them, sending out 20 feet containers or LCS from China. This also simplified their documentation, minimize handling risk, and gave customer a better visibility and control over the delivery timelines. So the effectively, the solution that we built for them was a buyer's consolidation in China, where we were collecting cargo from multiple factories in China, getting to a single location, then putting everything in a single container, doing the documentation for all the factories, getting into US or UK, splitting the cargo or delivering, delivering it to a single fulfillment center in US or UK, Going to the next one, which is cradle wise. They are into smart baby cribs. We built a multi country supply chain flow for them. So cradle wise, a very fast growing D to C baby tech brand scaling up operations across multiple countries. These countries need the company needed a logistic partner who can handle everything from either raw material sourcing from China or to, you know, do the final delivery and returns while maintaining control and agility over the supply chain. The challenges that they faced was they were handing multiple lanes, hence, the manpower required was very high. The cost of moving goods from raw materials, the cost of moving raw materials from China to India currently, what they were incurring was very high. The second was making sure that the the the movement of goods from India to us, the final finished goods was super efficient and was Jain at the least possible cost. And considering that, you know, they had high value goods, and there were a lot of returns, since it's a tech product, how do you manage the returns? Which are, which they which they are able to get to the US warehouses. But how do you get the products written back to India, get the repair done and then fulfill use the same products to fulfill orders across the world? The solution that we provided them was to give them like a end to end to end logistics solution across all the three lanes. We work with the China factories. We make sure that their production in India, the speed of raw material and the timelines of raw material hitting the factories in India, was aligned with the start of production timelines in India, then managing all their export operations from India to us, which would require documentation, shipping and final delivery to Amazon, us in Amazon, Walmart and some of the three peers that they were using, building an entire Return product for them, wherein we were able to consolidate their return products in a single warehouse in us, get it back to India, speak to the Indian customs, explain them why there are no duties which need to be levied while these products get imported in India, because these are returns. Give them the right visibility, help them with the compliance, get it, get it to their factory for repair and then fulfill orders across the country. So now, by adding us as part of their freight forwarding portfolio, they are able to run a seamless, multi lane, global supply chain solution. We have been able to improve their turnaround time in terms of inventory fulfillment, reduce per unit cost and give them better clarity in terms of the procurement timelines. So this is the last one. This is the last Yeah, this is the last case study. This is a textile seller California designed and based out of us. The problem statement that they had given to us was, how do they reduce their last mile cost. Currently, they do 100 million plus on Amazon US and couple of million dollars on other Amazon, Walmart and other marketplaces as well. They were doing anywhere between close to 20 to 30 containers which were going into us and that set of fulfillment centers, Amazon fulfillment centers, specifically where they were getting delivered, was the same set, right? The challenge that they that they were facing was that last month, cost was super high because of the process of taking appointments at Amazon, the driver detention, the additional chassis, etc, etc, right? The solution that we built for them is we collaborated with a partner in us, wherein we planned deliveries in such a manner wherein, rather than the trucker waiting for the container to get emptied and then returning the empty container back to the port, the trucker was just dropping off these containers at Amazon fulfillment centers, we were Then coordinating with the Amazon fulfillment center to make sure that they are emptied in the next 2448 hours, and whenever the second the same trucker, or the same trucking company was coming back to the fulfillment center to drop the next container, they were actually dropping the next container and pull pulling out the one which was already emptied by the Amazon FC, this way, we were actually able to reduce a significant portion of their last mile delivery cost, because we were able to cut down on all driver retentions, additional storage days, additional chassis, which was a significant amount of their overall cross border freight movement. So yeah, that's those are the three case studies that I just wanted to quickly highlight. So yeah, as we come to the end of this presentation, thanks. Thanks everyone for joining. I don't know how many of you have joined. I'm not on the on the Zoom screen right now, but yeah, here is a, we have always been a great champion of the of the MDS community. Here is a we want to share a MDS specific offer. We want to give a cash back of $500 for any, any MDs, any MDS seller who's who uses our services for shipping out their first FCL order. It applies to all MDs, community and their affiliates, the cash back can be availed or will be credited in the following order, and it is valid. You don't need to any seller who's on the call, or, you know, will reach out to us. They don't need to use it right away. You can use avail this offer till the end of quarter one next year.

Speaker  683178:40
So yeah, with this, I will come to the end of the presentation. Here the details. So Shashi is also Shashi from the team who leads this part of the business is also on the call. Here are our email ids and our phone numbers. If there is anything which gets missed out, you can always reach out to us, but, yeah, open to questions now.

Speaker  692463:59
Hey, all right. Thank you so much for for the for the presentation. So we are, we are currently preparing a shipment from Germany to the US. And so, I mean, it's, it's the same case, like from China. You go to the seller central, you select your products, and you, then you say, okay, it goes to the fulfillment center or to AWD, and basically Amazon shows you a fee, and then you click shipment, and you can book. So my big question now is like, how do I prepare the goods? So I reached out to one of your colleagues, but it really took me some some time back and forth, going to Amazon, back and forth. And so I mean, in basically, you have the options between pelletizing the goods or sending loose cartons. And what I got now as an answer, yes, you can do it, but there will be different prices. But with Amazon, I get a price and I book it, so I don't understand the system they're preparing. Like, how do you get it from Amazon actually doing and get all the informations

Speaker  711957:20
got it? Thanks. Thanks, Hannes for the question. So I'll tell you what, what happens here today. The workflow which Amazon has built is not built for palletized goods. The entire workflow experience, which is there on Seller Central, is only for loose cartons. That is how that workflow is built. The reason for that it the entire send program, or that what you see today was first developed for India, wherein sellers, the seller behavior is to send out loose cartons, whereas for UK, Germany, any of the European countries, the seller behavior is to palletize the goods, because that is how the First mine takes place, right? My recommendation here would be that if you are sending out a full container load, okay, if you're sending out a full container load, you should not palletize the goods. You should do loose cartons if okay, because the reason for that being, you are going to save about 20 to 25% of the container space. If you palletize the woods and stuff it into a 40 feet high cube containers, at max, you will be able to fit anywhere between 28 to 32 pallets, right? The 5052, odd CBM, whereas, if you fit loose cartons, you will easily fit in anywhere between 64 to 68 CBM. Okay, if you're doing an LCL, it is recommended that you do palletized goods, because cost of moving loose cartons in Germany is very, very high, right? It will be, I mean, it will be very difficult to find truckers who are ready to come to a seller's warehouse, and then either you are loading those loose cartons, even the, you know, the cost of, the cost of doing these things which are manual, which is the lot of manual work is not cheap in Germany. Hence, it makes more sense to palletize the goods when you're shipping via when you're using LCL as a mode of transport.

Speaker  749178:40
But so the question now also there in Europe and also in China, use you use very different pallets. So, so I spoke with my supplier, we wouldn't need to get pallets that are used in the US, which have also different diameters, and I need to fulfill all these requirements to deliver to the US AWD and then only specific awds would take these pellets, right? Not all.

Speaker  758389:20
So one, I don't think that is the case. So the warehouses, the fulfillment centers in us, will accept both us and Euro pallets, which is if, let's say it's a 40 by 48 I forgot the dimension of the Euro pallet, but they do accept Euro pallets as well. Second, all awds Follow the same SOP, which means if a pallet size or a pallet dimension is accepted in any in AWD in West Coast, it will also be accepted in the AWD in the East Coast.

Speaker  769503:59
Okay, okay, so it makes sense. So basically, this is the first order, which will be SEO order. It would make sense to palletize them. And still I can, because this is exactly the case. What I read that only the West Coast had these palletizing and the East Coast haven't. So yeah, this was a bit confusing for me. All right,

Speaker  775429:20
yeah, if you're planning to ship an LCL, it is better to advertise it will make sure that your goods are not the cartons are not damaged. Plus, the cost of moving loose Carters is not exorbitant.

Speaker  779722:40
And how would you, how would you do it like when I'm when I'm in the Amazon Seller Central, I can only book one option. There's no option. Palletized, loose culture, nothing. So how is it then differentiated?

Speaker  783514:39
So what, what we do is, when you create a shipment on amazon seller central, obviously, there is no way for you to create a palletized shipments. You are just putting the details of the boxes, etc, exactly because we have seen the seller behavior out of UK, Germany and the European countries that you know, the sellers tend to palletize the goods while we show you the estimate on the Seller Central, we take into account a certain conversion factor that, let's say a one CBM of non palletized goods are actually, let's say equal to 1.3 CBM of palletized and estimate that you see on the Seller Central is actually for 1.3 and not for one This ensures so sometimes what would happen is you would never, eventually get charged more than the estimate that you are seeing on Seller Central, but you can get charged lower than what you are seeing on the Seller Central. To give you an example, let's say, when you create Seller Central, it showed you the seller central showed you that the goods are of 10 CBM. We have a conversion factor of, let's say, 30% we showed you an estimate of 13 CBM. However, when we actually received the goods, they were only 12 CBM, right? In that case, you will only be charged for 12 CBM and not for 13 CBM. So we will our charges will never go above what we are showing to you as an estimate, but can be lower, okay, okay, thank you. Thanks.

Speaker  814810:40
Is there no other questions? I would ask another question. Sorry, I just wanted to give a chance to the other ones. You have mentioned this SEO versus consolidation, you call it. So you offer it from all destinations, or just from the big destinations like India and China, and probably from Germany to the US. Is not going much. And how does it work? In detail. So you have a container and you optimize it within your company, or I didn't understand it

Speaker  823253:19
fully, okay? So there are two ways we can offer consolidations today. We from India, China, from India, China, UK and Germany. We offer our own consolidations, which means we have a container, and we will take cargo from multiple sellers and offer them a subsidized price. Effectively, you only pay for what you're occupying in the container. Right? This is the, this is the basis of the price that today that you see on the amazon seller central when you're using a Germany ship from address. However, the other consolidation solution that we have is called a buyer's consolidation, in which, if you are procuring goods from multiple vendors in a single country, right? But you do not have enough goods from any vendor to give you a full container load. We can actually pick up goods. We can actually create a buyers console, which means picking up goods from multiple factories, let's say, in China, putting everything into a container. So that container will only have goods which for which you are the owner. However, the sub there will be multiple suppliers who will be supplying those goods. That's called a buyer's consolidation. We do offer that service from all the origin countries as well. Okay.

Speaker  853552:00
Do we have anything else? Any other questions?

Speaker  855637:19
Rachit, sorry, then, then it's me again. The last question is the pickup. So when you, when you select within Amazon, like you can select port, if I got it right, or pick up, and this will be arranged afterwards, but it's again, as you said, right? So you give the maximum fee you charge, probably, if I, if I bring it to the port, you charge less. If you pick it up, it's probably the maximum amount, right?

Speaker  862810:40
So if you select pickup while creating a shipment, you will be charged for pickup charges as well. If you choose drop off, you will get get the drop off location, and you can just drop off the goods through that location.

Speaker  867663:59
But the price Amazon charged me was the same. So this is why I was a bit confused.

Speaker  869440:00
Was it for air or ocean? No, for ocean. Can you send me the screenshot? It should be different.

Speaker  871621:20
Yes, I can send you the screenshot. I do it. I made the screenshot from your email address and send it to you tomorrow.

Speaker  874005:20
Yeah, it's quite late. Drop off and a pickup and a pickup, if you're using a Germany address, it should be different. Drop Off should be lower than pickup.

Speaker  876394:40
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it wasn't. I tried all the options and it stayed always the same. Prices. Why I was so

Speaker  877994:40
confused. Please, please send it across. Okay, and get it.

Speaker  879146:40
I will, I will. I will share with you, then you can easily see it how it works, yeah,

Speaker  880431:59
Sure. All right.

Speaker  883631:59
Do we have any other questions?

Speaker  885984:00
Okay? I think that might be it. Thanks so much for being here with us today and for going so thoroughly through everything. Oh. Abe, you have any questions?

Speaker  888965:19
No, I just wanted to, just want to say that I've been here, I've been listening. That's all, okay, amazing.

Speaker  891061:20
Thank you. Thank you guys, enjoy and see you soon.

Speaker  892330:39
Thank you so much. Thanks a lot. Bye.
