MDS Real Estate Channel Call
Date: August 05, 2025

Speaker  496:00
Hey, hey, Tabrez, Hey, what's

Speaker  2512:00
up? How are you good?

Speaker  5056:00
Tabrez, Hey,

Speaker  5920:00
come on. How are you long time brother.

Speaker  8789:20
Hey, Jacobo, nice job winning the Best Value act the other day.

Speaker  9813:20
Oh, thank you, Belen, thank you. I gotta still claim the prize. I forgot to fill that for it, so I gotta do that this Week.

Speaker  12938:40
Very good.

Speaker  15594:40
All right. Bye.

Speaker  21648:00
Here you get two

Speaker  23797:20
angels. I'm

Speaker  29114:40
Hello, hello. Tessa, can you all hear me? Yes, what's up? What's up? Good to see familiar and new faces.

Speaker  32186:40
Yeah, I think we can get started. Jun Yeah, do

Speaker  32928:00
you want to give it a few minutes for some of folks to join here? I know a few of expresses are going to be, yeah, joining a bit later, yeah, we'll give it like five minutes or so.

Speaker  36319:59
Yeah? Happy and rich, yeah.

Speaker  38181:20
Think Tabrez is dialing in from the

Speaker  38805:20
focus. Yeah, he's here.

Speaker  39173:20
Tabrez, you there? Is there a goofing off? What's up? Chris, long time. Man, I'm in

Speaker  42517:19
a super noisy place right now.

Speaker  43578:39
So all good brother, you out in Cleveland right now? Yeah,

Speaker  44474:40
I'm out here at a coffee shop. So

Speaker  45066:40
okay, right on, right on. How's the trip? Are you acquiring anything or just checking in on existing properties?

Speaker  46986:39
Yeah, we got one that we're about to close on tomorrow, flip project, and couple other ones that were the flip as well. So

Speaker  49583:59
right on Nice, nice. You should fill us in. We'll kind of go around and we'll just introduce ourselves and we'll share what we're working on. Yeah, fill us on the Cleveland stuff. Sounds exciting?

Speaker  53024:00
Yeah. I

Speaker  54517:19
All right, Lee's here. I think Rich will be here, joining us here shortly. You

Speaker  60394:39
uh, Belen, I have a question for you. Yes. Shit for this particular meeting was it announced in the main group as well main the main page,

Speaker  63722:40
it's in the main calendar where all the events are, but we're going to start having you guys as moderators, oh, and having people move around all the time, announce it in in their groups, Maybe in the investment group for you are in the main group for some of the other channels, because people tend to skip posts that I make from MDS

Speaker  72149:20
not purposely work as well.

Speaker  73301:20
We're trying what Jamie, our mobile call host, is doing, and he's just posting before each call, and that would drive the most attendance and engagement there. So we're probably going to do that. We're going to talk about that on next Monday.

Speaker  78202:40
Gotcha, okay, yeah, I think we'll probably find best results in this attendance if, if it's mentioned in the main group. So we'll chat offline on how to get those announcements out. Yeah, just get some better.

Speaker  82271:59
Let's kick it off. My man. Yeah,

Speaker  82816:00
okay, all right. Let's get started here. Thanks everyone for joining. This will effectively be our second call we have kind of like the pseudo first call a couple of weeks back, I just want to announce some recent changes. Just want to introduce Jacobo into the mix here, who I will have the pleasure and privilege of CO moderating this channel with Jacobo is working on some big and exciting things, so he'll be a very welcomed and valuable addition as a moderator here, so Jacobo and I will just work hand in hand and making sure that this is a valuable experience for everyone, and that everyone can just get value in irrespective of what kind of deal that you're working on, or irrespective of what kind of strategy that you may be focusing in as pertains to Real Estate. Want to keep things, keep things fairly short today. Just given the attendance, it will be nice to just do a quick just like a welcome and an intro. We'll go around. We'll keep it under two minutes per person. That'll be nice so everyone gets a chance to speak, and then we can dive into the subsequent sections. So we'll do a quick welcome. We'll just go around in a circle and doing that, and then probably afterwards a couple What do you think we'll just do a maybe go over like a challenge that's part, and you could use the two minutes kind of share one challenge that you're facing now, and Perhaps we can speak to that and just in a more like concerted way. And I guess for closing remarks, we could flag any kind of follow up items or just do a deeper dive on any kind of topics that y'all would like to cover in these calls. And I think that will be helpful to get feedback on what you guys will listen to, so we can kind of can kind of tailor the content around what will be valuable for y'all. So we'll go around. I'll go first. My name is Jun Kim. Been doing real estate now since 2021 just kind of as a way to bring in some novelty and just not focus on everything. Amazon. I primarily invest in the DFW market. I'm at seven doors, mostly long term. We have one midterm, and then I'd like to acquire next. What's in our Buy Box is just on a larger asset. So I'm thinking of 1030 wanting or just getting rid of the smaller assets and doubling down into a larger asset. I'm not entirely sure what that larger asset may look like, whether it's an apartment or a multi family or assisted living facility, something I looked into as well. So I don't quite have, like, clear plans on what to parlay into, but that's something that I definitely want to get into. And, like, leverage economies of scale. I think one of the main challenges I've been having, and this will be my challenge, is trying to manage everything that are just scattered across the metroplex. And I just don't think that we're, like, leveraging the best economics there and just keeping costs low and making sure that things get done all in like one shot, as opposed to having it as like a very fragmented experience. So yeah, mostly two to four units. But I would like to go larger and whatever larger looks like. Yeah. So market, you know what kind of investment, what your strategy has been, and what your biggest challenges, and we'll just keep going around. Jacobo, how about yourself? My man,

Speaker  142986:40
yep. Thanks, Jun. So yeah, as Jun mentioned, I'm going to be co moderating this with them. The idea is that as soon as we get some traction, we're going to start bringing some guest speakers. I have a couple friends that have done some big stuff in the space. There's a guy that's raised over 25 million runs $100 million fund. I've already spoken to him, and we want to bring him on. However we we do want to see some some more traction in this group before we bring on all of the guest speakers. So at the end, as well, if we can just share what your biggest challenges are, what resources you would like to see, because we could be bringing a lot of really cool guest speakers in the space, and just having them come and share as much value as possible, I think, for this as well, if we can all just do like a value add section where we share contact or resource or a hack Jun just like we did at the mastermind event. I think that was really cool. So we're not only leaving with challenges, but we're also leaving away with with the takeaways and yeah, regarding the intro, I sold my Amazon business two years ago, and I had already been starting to invest in real estate, more specifically, short term rentals, built a portfolio here in South Florida, ended up getting acquired by by a private equity fund backed by the ex chairman of Hilton. We ended up joint venturing and scaling that. And then after that exit, I started focusing more on commercial real estate, looking into boutique hotels. Right now, I'm under contract for a 60 unit hotel in Eureka Springs, 20,000 square feet, 9.7 acres of land. And the idea is to take take these undervalued or mismanaged motels and convert them into boutique hotels. So we come in, we do the marketing, we do influencer marketing, we obviously, we renovate them and we make them into really cool experiential wellness resorts. And that's kind of our thesis. And our business plan is buying these assets below replacement cost and then forcing appreciation to then cash out refi and return investor capital. We're operating under a syndication model. My target next year is going to be to start a fund and just raise more capital to go and buy more and bigger deals. So, yeah, I think challenge right now. Let me see challenge, I think, more than a challenge. It's just been like the journey of figuring out the whole going from like an operator more to the capital raising side, and that's what I've been just diving deep in, is learning how to structure all this, learning how to set up the fund and and it's been quite a journey. So think more than a challenge right now is just going through the process and and going through each of these. And if I had to give a value add, I mentioned this one to Jun at the event, but if you're doing commercial real estate, you can actually leverage the SBA seven a program, and with that, or the USDA, the USDA is for rural properties, but if you buy a piece of land somewhere that's classified as rural, you can get the USDA to finance and fund not only your land, but also the construction cost, and they do 90% loan to cost value. Now with the SBA program, it's the cool thing about it is you can actually get the seller to carry back as a second position part of the note. So let's say you're buying a property for a million. The SBA is going to fund night $900,000 you're gonna need to come up with 100k but if you ask the seller to come in and seller finance in second position that 100k then the SBA is going to consider that as your own equity. So you can really do these commercial deals, especially like hotels, self storage, or any other deals. That's that the SBA will see as a business. That's really real estate, but it's both. It's both a real estate and a business. Then you can go through the SBA program and buy deals with no money down. So that would be my value add. And you guys are welcome to reach out if you have any questions regarding capital raising. Brokers connections. I've been networking a lot these past couple years and all of the big real estate and Masterminds, so I think I can be a good resource for you guys if you need any contacts or anything happy to chat offline as well and and be a resource for this group. Thanks, guys,

Speaker  214869:20
sweet, sweet, thanks for sharing that. Jacobo, just giving us a sneak peek into the big things that you're working on. Rich you want to take it away for us.

Speaker  218053:20
Yeah, for sure. Glad to be here. And thanks sacobo and Jun for setting up this group for sure go DFW Metroplex. I guess we're focused here. So I own 10 single family homes, most in the DFW area, and a lot of them I bought using subject to financing. So for those of you who aren't familiar, I took over the mortgage from the seller. There's a slight, slight risk that the mortgage company could call in the loan if you do that. But knock on wood, it's never happened. So yeah, I mean, that's I'm small time. My challenge is, I'm looking to get into bigger deals. You could just keep building up and own 500 single family homes. I met a guy who did that recently. You just have management companies managing them for you, but I think you have greater leverage getting into some of these multi unit deals. So that's kind of what I'm interested in doing. The challenge is probably having the time to learn how to do it. Yeah, and then I guess the value add I just want to offer, if anyone is interested in learning how to buy a house with subject to financing, where you're not having to go to a bank and get a mortgage and you're just going to take over a loan. The last three I've done were mortgages that were in the 2% interest rate range. They were, like, it was in 2021 when people were getting mortgages for like, 2.5% and so, like, I buy a house and the mortgage is 2.5% the rent coming in vastly covers your expenses. That's something that you could never do going to a bank directly as an investor. So if anyone wanted to reach out to me and ask more about that, I'd be happy to teach them that. But yeah, yeah, thanks guys.

Speaker  249381:19
Thanks Rich. Welcome. Yeah. Next. How we feeling Tabriz, my man's out in the Philippines. Hey,

Speaker  252154:40
hey, what's up? Hey, Jun, yeah, thanks so much Jun and Jacob for for hosting this. So just a quick recap or intro about myself. I have a couple of rental properties in the Greater Vancouver area. They're just long term rentals. So what I would like to do is get into something a little bit more scalable. There's just limitations around how much you can borrow and get financed through the personal side of things, and also, refinancing is kind of a headache. So I'm mostly just here to learn from you guys. I know there's a lot of people with experience in different things. Mostly I'm interested probably in something commercial and possibly something outside of Canada as well. Yeah, I think that's pretty much all

Speaker  264581:19
and here. But I think both rich and Tabrez have mentioned the same thing going into maybe how to go from residential into commercial or just bigger units, multi units, and that's the reason why I sold the residential portfolio, because the limitations with that is you can't really force appreciation. Your equity gets locked in unless you're doing something like rich, that's creative. But if you're not, you're you're locking in your equity, and you're you're not able to really force appreciation, and you don't have the economies of scale. So maybe one topic for next one, it can be bringing, bringing somebody that's scaled successfully, maybe into multi units, and maybe digging deep into commercial real estate that could be subject for a call. And as you guys are speaking, I'll be taking down notes just maybe the key takeaways of what you guys mentioned, so that we can make this as valuable as possible for you guys.

Speaker  277296:00
That's good, and that's really good topic.

Speaker  278021:20
Another, another quick thing. Just wanted to mention, there's a lot of great things in America about investing in real estate, especially 1031 exchange like, we don't have stuff like that in Canada. So I think even for non Americans, I think there would be a good opportunity to explore more opportunities outside of, you know, people's own backyard in Vancouver. It's probably you guys heard on the news crazy real estate market, but sometimes seems like the numbers are just going up, and it's kind of decoupled from reality, so kind of just making more logical decisions on where to purchase backed by, you know, income. So I think that's what commercial is a lot

Speaker  288752:00
better. Yep, thanks. Man

Speaker  289952:00
makes sense. Makes sense. Let's slide on over to Erik, Mr. Freeman, you available?

Speaker  291568:00
Yeah, hey guys, hey everybody. So yeah, I've just been in real estate, mostly single family for for over 20 years, recently, in the past year, kind of made that transition over to commercial real estate, and really been just blessed with making some really great contacts, and, you know, join some good teams. We just recently closed on 168 unit project just outside of Charleston. That's that's doing really well right now. I'm moving management and everything over and stabilizing that property that's going good. So far, I've made several other offers on local properties. I'm in Florida and in St Augustine area, and mainly, mainly trying to invest in Florida. My brother's a partner. We also have another fundraiser on our on our LLC that you know, to get into a lot of these deals, made a bunch of Lois. I'd say a challenge right now is, is people that are, you know, really struggling. Balloon payments are coming due for for properties, and they're just needing too much money. So, you know, we've probably made three or four offers in the past two, three months, like one that was turned down as a good opportunity. Man of kind of this point that we had one Jacksonville is 112 units here in Jacksonville that really wanted, but they just, they got a better offer, you know, Cash Wise, so, but yeah, and they have a balloon payment due in November that they have to get. I wish we could have done, we could have closed click on it. But anyway, I'd say that's a challenge I'm running into is folks that are just owed too much. They, you know, made bad deals, bad decisions on these commercial properties back, you know, right after covid, their blue balloon payments are coming due, and just trying to get those properties for what they're actually worth now is a little bit of a challenge. Then, okay, you know, there have been a lot of, I guess, market uncertainty, with the tariffs and all kinds of stuff, people kind of holding on to their cash. So that's been a little bit more challenging than than website in the past, but it's coming around, especially with 100% depreciation, you know, that's going to make things a lot better. I think that's already getting a lot of traction with some of my investors to be able to, you know, tap into that and really use investments as good tax write off and stuff. So I guess let's see. What else was there?

Speaker  329637:20
What asset class did you mention? It is a multifamily or what are you

Speaker  330533:20
buying? Yeah, mostly Class C plus class B, class B, class C assets. The one we made an offer on that was just that we didn't get just recently here in Jacksonville, was a Class C, class C plus the one in Charleston's Class B. So yes, you know, we're we're investing in something where there's an opportunity to add some value to it, right? Whether it's mismanaged, whether it's distressed, whether, you know, balloon payments are coming due, something where we can acquire it and add value to it, you know, whether it's like different things, you know. So there's a lot of opportunity, I think, with, you know, us collecting rubs on properties that I see a lot of management companies aren't doing especially kind of, in certain areas, you know, they're just paying for water, gas, electricity, and not really charging it back to the tenants. So that's a big opportunity that we've seen.

Speaker  345333:20
You're doing us and, yeah, and counting my box, you know,

Speaker  345877:20
we've been in like, kind of, like, the five to $20 million range, roughly, minimum, 30 units, you know, 5 million. The one we bought up in that we closed on up in Charleston was 24 million. So that was my biggest by far. That's good one. We had to raise a little over 10 million for that. And that's, that's,

Speaker  351178:40
are you doing syndication? You run a syndications, okay, yep. And your value I'm sorry, your value add,

Speaker  354512:00
yeah, yes, the value add on that one, honestly, is a, we're doing a tax segregation on it so they're not taking advantage of basically affordable housing tax benefits. And so that we, we got approved for that and knocked down the tax bill by like 80% over 80% we had a $400,000 tax bills down, knocked down to under 100 grand. And that's also transferable to an owner, if we decide to sell a property, you know, down the road. It's something that the district current owner wasn't taking advantage of. Another thing was kind of market rate. So it's interesting, because with that, that tax, that tax benefit, you know, you have to have at least 30% of the units, and this is it changes state to state. But for instance, in South Carolina, you have to at least 30% of the units at or below market rents, and more than half of their rents weren't even that market rent to begin with. So interesting is we still get the tax benefit and can raise rents. So it's just being mismanaged by the current owner. They just, I guess, weren't aware of the affordable housing tax benefit. It's something huge in Jacksonville, which is kind of close to me too, the city is doing a lot with that as well. So something to kind of think about, as, you know, again, these properties sometimes raising the rent 100 bucks, you know, and trying to get market rents, you actually get a better benefit if it's, you know, offered in your area to go with the tax, the tax benefit that the county or city will give you, like I said, we went from a almost $400,000 tax bill down to, I think it's 95,000 the first year. So that's huge. You put a 6% cap rate on that, and you talk about, like, 2 million bucks.

Speaker  383130:40
That's good. That's good. I think there's a lot to unwrap there. Erik, we'll definitely do a deeper dive. Yeah, I think, yeah, sorry. I give you some more time. You took my

Speaker  385072:00
two minutes. Sorry about that. Yeah, it felt good. Sorry about that.

Speaker  385872:00
No, no, no, no. Welcome. Thanks for getting us filled in and up to speed. I'm gonna slide on over to Lee. Lee, how we doing?

Speaker  388208:00
Hey, what's up?

Speaker  388768:00
Yes, yes, we can all hear you. You look good.

Speaker  389552:00
Hey, thanks. Yeah, it's just my son off. So sorry about the it's a summer camp time. Yeah, doing good. So I, I'm Lee in Los Angeles. I have just a couple single family homes, and the goal for me has been just trying to eat away tax bill that my wife has a my wife's an attorney. She's also we're going through a liquidity event, and we need to want to save as much money as we can through bonus appreciation. Big, beautiful bill, one area that is seems pretty interesting after looking at Los Angeles for long enough is the new SB nine program, as well as the land. The land split there. I don't know if they're it's part of the same one, but it's basically where you can buy a property at a second unit, either converter garage, and then you can split the lot, and you can sell them off independently. So you could have some you could have a liquidity that from there, instead of just doing a cash out refi. So that's my value add, and that's something that we're working on. Still very new. My challenge is, man, this is so newbie, ish is, you know, with my team, I can, you know, push people very easily. I'm paying them directly if they don't perform. I can, you know, let them go or Yeah, but it's definitely harder for me working with, you know, contractors and pushing them and getting, you know, me top of their, top of their to do list, especially being a small fry. So, any ideas there would be,

Speaker  417936:00
thanks for sharing that. Lee, you're in Los Angeles. Yeah, customer,

Speaker  419456:00
yeah, bingo. Okay, that's it. And, oh yeah, that had some clarity in the value add the SB nines have to be like, half a mile away from public transit, which is a lot of, like, tons and tons of locations, and yeah, and the city's heavily behind the SB nine program, like Santa Monica is like in the valleys, just approving these left and right because there's a housing shortage. And last time I've heard the last thing I heard on all true it is, we actually had a decrease in homelessness in last two years. I mean, that might be I might have heard that from a political standpoint. I don't know if that's true, but that's the governor. Newsom definitely wants to believe this, and I hope it's true because of SP time.

Speaker  431354:40
So Lee, Contractors. Are you doing any sort of agreements. Do you have contracts with them? We do

Speaker  433615:59
to the architect, the LED you, they're, they're working with us to, you know, do the measurements of our place, you know, architectural and then also, like, submit everything for permitting.

Speaker  437504:00
Do you have any in the agreement? Is there any penalties for having stuff late, or any bonuses for coming in early?

Speaker  440293:20
That's I should have done that. No, I didn't. Is there any way to fix that after the fact?

Speaker  442437:20
Maybe, I mean, I don't know if you've already paid them. Usually what we do is we'll have, like, as little as possible to start the work, and then you try and incentivize them on the bigger payment. All, all at the end, that way, they're working their ass off to try and get the project done so they get paid. But on top of that, you can add just different clauses regarding, like, if you're early, you're going to get a bonus, so they have the incentive to come in early, and if they're late, there's also going to be penalties per day or per week that they're late, so kind of just, it's easier to negotiate it upfront before you give them the work. So it's probably, it might be too late right now, but for next time, that's just something you can consider, because definitely, like, they're unless you have stuff like that, like they just have no incentive once they get paid.

Speaker  453909:20
Yeah, that's really good point. I will add to that. We do have incentives and penalties in place, but I found out we're probably going to put putting in penalties going forward, because we find that contractors, if there is a looming deadline that they're likely going to miss, and they don't want to eat that penalty, they'll start cutting corners right to quote, unquote, get things done. Yeah? So, yeah, we've, it's been a mixed bag of experiences, but we are leaning towards, or erring on the side of just getting rid of the whole penalty component of it and just adding in a financial incentive. Hey, if you finish on time and everything's up to snuff, you guys did a good job, we'll compensate you X dollars for finishing at this time. And we and we like, we like to break out our depends on the rehab, but try to break it out into like, three different phases so they get paid along the way, and they got their incentive buys at each phase. Yeah, it may not be too late for you, Lee, to just kind of include that. Are you in the middle of rehab now?

Speaker  471397:20
Yeah, we're in the middle, and it is broken out into four different steps. Like it was like, Yeah, of it down right now, but we didn't really, I mean, do y'all I mean, you probably do set deadlines, like you've done this for a while, so do you know how long it takes? And like, set deadlines,

Speaker  476330:40
or if we, well, we go with the good scope of how long it's going to take. So we do set deadlines, like we have specific dates, right? You ask

Speaker  478010:40
them, like you get multiple contract just a bit, and then you ask them for the timeline, and then you'll kind of get a feel for what the timeline for each stuff is going to be and then from there, like, they give you the timeline, and, like, if you're you said this, okay, you said four weeks. Well, I'm going to give you five. You just said four, right? So I'm going to give you five. How does that sound? Okay, can you do it in five? Yes, okay, that's going to be in the agreement. I'm giving you five weeks, one week more than what you said, and that's how you then structure in the penalties are the bonuses, because they're the ones that gave you the timeline. Because if you do it the other way around, well, they're going to be like, Well, I never said I could get it done in four weeks. Why we're like, why are you putting four weeks? So they give you the timeline, and then you just add a week extra, some buffer, and then just put that into the agreement.

Speaker  489877:20
Nice, it's good, and it's not too late. Lee, I don't think it's ever too late to just add a additional incentive for them to get things done on time. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  492314:40
the penalty is going you can't just put in there. But the additional incentive that's not too late to add,

Speaker  494666:40
for sure, for sure. Awesome. Thanks, Lee, yeah, we'll like, probably want to do a deep dive into SB nine too, if there's other interested folks, I there's a housing shortage across America, and to be able to split into different lots and build multiple units on it, it's a huge win. There's a lot of forced appreciation out of that. So just depending on this interest level, we'd love to just have you speak and do a deep dive on that topic as well. Yeah, awesome. You're thinking

Speaker  501312:00
out loud we could get, we could start with members first doing calls like I understand the group, Sam taxes. So we could, we could kick start starting next call. We each do like a just like we did at the mastermind. We get somebody to do one specific topic. It can be commercial real estate, multi family, or boutique hotels, or tax incentives, or 1031 and each has their own topic or development ground up, and we'll just go through that and do the value through the members.

Speaker  509610:40
We have plenty of smart people here internally that, yeah, I totally feel like we could do that. We could do

Speaker  511146:40
with Erik on his deep dive, on one of his deals as well. Cool,

Speaker  512416:00
yeah, certainly, certainly, alright. Last, but not least, Chris is joining us on a trip out in Cleveland. Chris, you here with us? Yes, sir,

Speaker  515136:00
I don't move to the car, but so guys, my name is Chris. I sold my Amazon business in 21 and so it's been doing real estate investing for the most part, especially with all the tariffs, I just kind of focus more and more on real estate since then. I'm about 11 doors in Cleveland right now at the Cleveland I'm in Vegas, but Cleveland's only market I invest in, just because the low price points and a lot of the volume that's happening on right here, like a lot of the Midwest, by actively flipping houses, and I'm cherry picking the best ones to hold in my long term portfolio. I specialize in Section eight. So if anyone's interested in learning more about that, can kind of walk you through to that. I've heard of sub two. I'm familiar with it. I've always had owners balk at the risk on there, and so rich would love to kind of link with you and talk more about that. Value Add wise, yeah, like I said, anything with Section Eight, if you guys are interested, I can help you out with that. I also have a really good lender if you guys are doing like burrs and doing cash out revised DSCR loads. I have a really good lender that does, like, 6.5 rates, one point pretty good for DSCR with this market, what's your market?

Speaker  537573:20
Chris Cleveland,

Speaker  537909:20
I do mainly single family homes. I am interested in commercial, specifically, like light industrial, because the management part of the single family home is really kind of high I'm in the middle of switching over to a smaller, more boutique property management company, just because the larger ones, just like they don't give a shit about you. So once I optimize that, hopefully I could just focus more on the investing side and take the management off the place. But I do like the flexibility that single family has, where you can if you need to sell one for liquidity purposes. It's really easy to do that versus, like, you know, 50 unit apartment, right? But I am interested in commercial like, if anyone's in the light industrial space, like storage by the storage facilities, but more, just like four aluminum walls and aluminum ceiling, and that's I would love to just to store shit or home service tenants, stuff like that. Yeah, value add, yeah, if you need the lender, I can, I can. I think they lend in all 50 states. Happy to share that. And my biggest obstacle right now just capital. Yeah, with Cleveland home prices are so low, so the spreads are a little bit tighter. So it's not like I can eat up a lot of lender fees, so it's been a little bit of a challenge. But, yeah,

Speaker  558906:40
awesome. You know Michael G he's in the group, Michael, Michael Poppy, don't Oh, he's a section eight. He's in Mobile, Alabama. That's his market. I think he started, like a year ago, and he's already up to like, 100 doors,

Speaker  563280:00
all single families,

Speaker  563600:00
all single families. Yeah, crazy, damn kind of doing, like the like, the Burr and cash out refi, like, renovates them. So, yeah, I'll definitely connect you to him. He's part of MDS as well. He's in the group. He, in fact, he was the one that said, miss you guys. He just sent that photo. So that's him, gotcha, he's based out of Florida.

Speaker  569349:20
Looks like he's

Speaker  569621:20
in a city council meeting in mobile, if you zoom in on those seals. Oh,

Speaker  570682:40
so he's, he's down there, okay, oh yeah, there it is, Mobile County, Alabama, there, yeah,

Speaker  572570:39
yeah, that'd be awesome.

Speaker  573130:39
All right, so awesome man. Welcome to the group. Do we have anybody else, or was that it? Jun

Speaker  575258:39
and that's it, yeah. Thanks for going around and just just giving us a quick this intro and what you're working on, let's chat about a couple things on what you guys want to hear about, any particular topics that you would really find valuable, and then we'll work our best, either internally or externally, find someone to share some nuggets around that. What do you guys think, any, any particular topics that are like pressing or that you would really like to pain here,

Speaker  583845:20
I think fundraising is always a important aspect of real estate investing. And then I'm also very like nerdy and love to know about everyone's like systems and processes from, you know, deal flow, pipeline to acquisition to dispo or management, everything. Just love to see the best setups for that work for people. Yeah, the system processes is always challenging.

Speaker  592362:40
Okay, something I would like to learn more about, too, is setting up funds for investments. I've seen some people do that rather than, you know, waiting to raise money. When they have a deal, they have a fund set up and stuff. I don't know. I don't know much about that, but I've just seen kind of some stuff pop up about that recently, and I'd be interested in learning more about

Speaker  598031:59
it. Yep, blind funds,

Speaker  598885:20
yeah, I second that I like to make this group sort of think big, learning about funds. Learn about getting into larger projects, how to use leverage and other people's money to, you know, do a big deal.

Speaker  603466:40
Love it. There's a book what it takes by the CEO of black founder of Black Rock, and that's his whole motto. Is thinking bigger. And he's he was the first one to set up a billion dollar fund when nobody else had done it. So that that book, when I read it, like that, kind of changed my whole perspective on going bigger, going commercial, buying more units at a time. Instead of having 10 properties or 10 single family homes, it takes way more management than just centralizing it under one single asset. That's going to be just less work and bigger exit. So yeah, sorry for the background noise, guys, but for sure, I made a note of that. I think capital, racing, commercial, real estate, anything else.

Speaker  616245:20
How about tax mitigation, right? A lot of Yeah, the folks here, that's one common denominator, right? Is that we have a healthy AGI. So how do we keep more of that AGI in our pockets. What do you think about that?

Speaker  620138:40
Thanks Sam for that. You did a really cool presentation on the Miami event on taxes.

Speaker  621354:40
Yeah, you guys, you guys, a lot of you guys missed out that in Miami. The next one, I would highly suggest, we would really suggest that you guys make it Yeah. So yeah, let's definitely add tax mitigation as one of the talking points here. Anything else to braise Lee, anything in particular, any burning topic that's on your mind,

Speaker  628447:59
tax mitigation definitely was. The was, there's not replay. So the the Miami event was there,

Speaker  630837:19
I think so it was recorded.

Speaker  631205:20
It was recorded, yeah, but I think it was only for those who have attended the one view. Do you know we'll get back to, yeah, I'm pretty sure it's important. Yeah. Sorry. Go ahead, Chris.

Speaker  635786:39
Just wanted to see what the like structure of these things. Are we having them, like, monthly or weekly, or what? And then I know there was like a survey to see where we're going to, like communicate. I think WhatsApp was the winner. It's not going to be where we're kind of all,

Speaker  639834:40
yes, are you in the group? Are you? Is everybody here in the group chat, by the way, inside the WhatsApp group? Yes, I think so. Yeah,

Speaker  642480:00
yes. Thumbs up. Okay, yeah. So environment, Chris, thanks for the question. The environment is going to be in WhatsApp as far as our mode of communication, and then two, for cadence, it'll be at a monthly cadence. Got

Speaker  645637:19
it see.

Speaker  646645:20
Will any of you guys be in Milan?

Speaker  647829:20
No, I don't think so.

Speaker  648261:20
I will not be the only one.

Speaker  648837:19
All right, I'll hold a me in person meeting for this group in Milan. Okay, love it for sure. It'll be really easy for me to set up.

Speaker  650986:39
Yeah. I so in our Miami event, it was a, like a mixture of people who are still in Amazon and those who are no longer in Amazon. So I anticipate that distribution to be roughly the same within this group. Yeah.

Speaker  655482:40
I mean, it sounds like it's about half, right, you and I and Mr. Breeze, also

Speaker  657024:00
Tabrez, the

Speaker  657568:00
price

Speaker  657903:59
is still on Amazon. He's, yeah, yeah, still playing Yeah. I mean, because

Speaker  659312:00
that's something to talk about. I mean, for those of us that still have an Amazon business, you have all that income to deal with, you know, to pay taxes on. And then you can talk about using real estate to offset that as well.

Speaker  663189:20
For sure, at cost, seg is going to be the most powerful tool to really bring those taxes down the

Speaker  665157:20
cost segregation, Yep, yeah. I

Speaker  665685:20
mean, especially with the going back up to 100% bonus depreciation. So yeah, I mean, yeah, yeah, it's a big win.

Speaker  667978:40
And there's other other, other ways to do it, like, you can buy tax credits from somebody that doesn't need them. So, like, there's funds that will that you can come in and invest if you want to buy, like, the tax credits, or that's another way to raise capital. So it works either way, but if you're an investor that needs those tax credits and you don't care about income, you can basically buy from these funds the tax credits, and then they'll actually not give you any cash flow. But the cool thing about this is, and I learned this from one of my investors, who actually was asking this, but you can actually go and raise capital, and for the investor, they have no risk upfront, because, say, they invest a million, you'll give them, say, a million in a tax write off. They will immediately take that write off instead of paying it to the IRS. And then they don't care if your project fails or not, because they took the write off off up front. But then they don't expect cash flow. So that cash flow that you were going to give to give to that investor, you can then either give it to the other investors that sold the cash flow, so they're getting 2x the cash flow instead of the tax benefits. So they're getting more cash flow. And then on the exit, of course, that investor that bought the tax write off has still the original equity. So if the project does succeed on the exit, he's going to make a multiple on what he invested, but if it doesn't, he had no risk, because day one, he got his tax write off. So that's a really, really cool way to maybe get investors that are willing to write big checks that don't know you and that need that the write ups upfront, so that there's some really cool ways to structure also for capital raising, like tapping into like self directed IRA. So tons of ways to raise capital, creatively and really big and build up big funds, which we can talk about that as well in later calls.

Speaker  696517:20
Do you have to be a GP to get the tax credits? Or can you be an LP? No

Speaker  697733:20
LPS get tax credits you through k1 they basically get the the tax write off, it gets passed on to the investors. Well, is

Speaker  701162:40
that, is that, would it be an active or passive tax credit? So

Speaker  702922:40
LP is LPs are fully passive, so they get the tax benefit regardless, without the active work, got it? Yeah, usually it's LP, GP structure, so limited partners get the pass everything's passive. General partners are the ones that do all the

Speaker  707472:00
work. Is this new part of the new law, the tax credit thing?

Speaker  708784:00
No, it's just a way of structuring inside of your docks. But no, it's Well, the thing that changed was the big, beautiful Bill made 100% but brought back 100% bonus depreciation. Think it was down to what, like 80% because Biden had started phasing it out, but now it's back to 100%

Speaker  714917:20
Jun I want to add one thing we will be having. So we looked at the presence of where a lot of our members are, and fortunately, there's a lot of Texas and Florida investors, so we are so we will be having a quarterly cadence dinner to build more traction and interest around this group. So I'm looking to plan something for Dallas Fort Worth in September, and Jacobo will take the lead and spearhead the Miami dinner. So just keep an eye out for those who are looking those two markets, I think if you're not in those two markets and you would like to partake, I'm sure that you can join on your own dime, of course, as far as travel and accommodation, but yeah, we'll be meeting in those two markets at a quarterly cadence, just to build more just camaraderie and more traction in Those two major markets that seems like a lot of us are in.

Speaker  731962:40
Will MDS be covering the event for that, or will there be, like, $100 fee or something

Speaker  734922:40
that will be disclosed? I will push for,

Speaker  736368:00
we'll try and

Speaker  736784:00
get, Yeah, I bet

Speaker  737216:00
they would. I mean, it's kind of like, if you

Speaker  737840:00
I mean, if they treat it kind of like a chapter, then, right? Maybe without a sponsor? Oh yeah, without a sponsor,

Speaker  740463:59
yeah, but I'm sure that's fine. Look like we'll do whatever is possible to make sure that we find some.

Speaker  742309:19
Yeah. I mean, it adds value to MDS overall by having a real estate, you know, chapter. And if all they have to do is cover four dinners a year, yep. And then every everyone else has to cover travel to go to those dinners, I think I'll talk

Speaker  746277:20
to you. I'll talk to Eugene. I'll talk to Eugene and see what we can work out with them. Hopefully they'll give us a a budget, and we can just use that to to do these events and dinners.

Speaker  749162:40
Just go ham, yep. All right, cool. All right. So let's wrap things up here, everyone, thank you for joining, although as a smaller attendance, we are very much looking forward to having a larger turnout in the subsequent meetings for our next one, Jacobo and I will touch base, and we'll kind of go over which topic that we want to cover. It'll likely be just here internally, one person covering a topic and just doing a deep dive on that particular topic, right? Okay, kind

Speaker  758133:20
of go around everybody else that's doing real estate inside MDs, just share them the WhatsApp link or invite them to the group. A lot of people don't check the their messages, or don't even know it's this is going on. So just anybody else you guys know that's doing real estate or buying homes on the side, or whatever it is, just invite them over to the group so we can get some more traction. Yeah,

Speaker  763562:40
please share the type form, not, not the WhatsApp link, so we can check that they are actually in real estate, and then it's going to be an a good group for you.

Speaker  766858:39
Yeah? So they have to qualify in right? So to echo Belen statement is, yeah, make sure we type, we share out the type form for the qualified and vet them and then we'll add them to the WhatsApp group.

Speaker  770381:19
All right, thanks a lot guys. Good job, June and everybody. Nice.

Speaker  771440:00
Appreciate it. Thank you everyone. Bye bye. Have a good rest of your week. Peace.
