Mogul Call with Nick I
Date: April 30, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Nick and Hey guys, welcome to the mobile call today. We have Nick and Charles from Ibo, A, E, B, A, American E, commerce, Business Association. Guys, thanks for coming on short notice. Nick, would you just want to start by introducing yourself, and then Charles, you can give an intro

Speaker  5712:00
as well. Yep, happy to so my name is Nick. I gave up. I'm the executive vice president at Coalition for prosperous America, the project that we launched, the American e commerce business alliance, is geared towards making the online marketplace a much more level playing field for US based sellers. You know, you'll hear Chuck and I, you know, can talk a little bit more in detail about the policies, but you know, these are things you guys are facing every day in terms of, you know, undocumented sellers from mainly from China, but from other foreign countries, and really impacting your ability to compete, stealing your IP and so our our organization that we work for, we're the leading organization that represents domestic producers on trade, tax and economic policy issues. We're a bipartisan organization, but we have very good relationships with the Trump administration. And so the reason why we launched this project, we've already been doing a lot of work on de minimis, and we were approached by some e commerce sellers here in the US, including, you know, some that are part of MDS as well. You know, I see she needs on the call. And you know, the the purpose of this is, can we join together a group of businesses that, you know, have the same policy goals and, you know, get behind a very powerful advocacy movement, and that's really our goal with Ibo, you know, like I said, we were already doing a lot of this stuff on, you know, de minimis and Some customs issues. Chuck is our trade lawyer. He's, you know, the foremost expert on that in the country. He won't, you know, he's very humble, but I can tell you, you know former ambassador Lighthizer USTR under Trump. You know, calls him regularly for technical advice. The Commerce Department as well. The White House tried to hire him for multiple roles. Thankfully, he stayed with us, you know. So he's an absolute powerhouse on the technical side. And then, you know, CPA in general, were organization that has a ton of credibility with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. And so, you know, put in our name and weight behind this, we think something that's going to help get us to a solution. So and happy to talk more about the specifics of what we're trying to do with Ibo, but that's a, you know, just a short, sort of 30,000 foot overview.

Speaker  48042:40
Yeah, I'll add quickly. You know, might there's been, it's been a real problem that all of our large traditional trade associations have. They'll say they've been conflicted out of taking some very common sense positions. So on retail, for example, we've got giant, storied, century old organizations like the National Retail Federation. Retail across the country, both online and offline, has been devastated by policies like de minimis, which are basically subsidized to overseas vendors that just ship small packages. And why wouldn't they? Why wouldn't they? Why? Why have they not been on top of this? Where's there's the National Retail Federation. They've got this. Are their biggest members, like companies like Walmart. They all like, oh, let's be a platform too. So on the retail side, yeah, it's really on trade policy. It's really, it's striking how there's been no advocacy for common sense positions for people who do business here and retail here. And then Nick said, so you know, on our on our website, on the Ibo website, we've got, you know, you a lot of the issues are customs law focused where, you know, nobody who is concerned about fair playing in America has been speaking up for decades. And then we've also got policy recommendations that are more specifically geared to online marketplaces, and that's the kind of thing you see in a lot of policy around around the world. So yeah, I encourage people to check our website and happy to talk about any detail

Speaker  75466:40
sing, do you want to get us started with any questions and what you're seeing, I know you've been involved in this.

Speaker  77402:40
Yeah. I mean so kind of like background and how this all started, too We, I think we all recognize that this is. Been a problem for a long time, and it kind of came to a front for me. I mean, you know, even in like supplements, supplements is kind of a gated category for a long time where there was no foreign competition. And that kind of all changed last probably in q3 of last year q2 with the rise of tick tock shops. Basically, tick tock shops was like the breeding ground for what's hot, and what was hot was supplements. So you had this huge influx of Chinese sellers on Amazon selling supplements, and that had never existed before, and we were competing against products that were straight up stealing, quite literally everything, like they were just straight copycats of of products that were hot selling in the United States. And in addition to that, I started getting Facebook ads for this guy who's like a supplement drop shipper in China. And he was advertising these trade dress copyright infringing supplements, like he basically just showed what was hot, hey, we could send you the same product ships in seven days directly to the United States. And that's where my eyes lit up. It's like, alright, if we don't deal with this, like, this is the the ruin of everyone's businesses. Like, it doesn't matter if you've had Chinese competition for a long time, you're going to have Chinese competition. Um, and at that point, I was like, Alright, let's do something about it. And I started researching it more, and kind of like, banded with Oh fear, did a lot on x with a big group of people like Sean from bridge, etc, and we put a document together. And we were like, Okay, we have a document of all of our ideas and how we think we could fix it. And from there, we we started meeting with different people, like Alan Stevens, who's an MDS member, introduced us to a few people. And like, there were a couple different avenues that we could have gone. And one of them was like, Okay, we could hire a lobbyist. Was one idea and a lobbyist, and I'm sure Charles and Nick can speak to this. But like, they're like, Yeah, you know, we'll charge 30 grand a month, and we'll make intros, you know, or, like, like, it was like, very like, so what do you do? You know? Like, oh, we know the right people, or whatever it is, but, but it wasn't really anything of of substance. And then we talked to Andrew Giuliani, who's Rudy Giuliani's son. He plays golf with Trump, you know, very regular, I think, like 50 times a year. So he's a nice guy, you know, nothing against him, but he wanted 30 grand a month to to just like, make an introduction to people in the White House. And it was like, well, like, Are people ever going to actually, like, sit down and try to understand this, these issues, and actually help us try to resolve them? And then that's when we got introduced to CPA Nick. I actually completely forgot who introduced us, by the way, do you remember?

Speaker  125066:40
You know, I can't remember. I just That's what I remember. One of the first calls we had was with you and of fear and thing, it was Michael Donovan, who's, like, the lead Democrat staffer on Ways and Means, you know, so if and when the Democrats take power again in the house, you know, he'll be the lead person on the committee that has jurisdiction over, really, all the issues that you guys care about and like, that was a great call. I think that was in February, because I remember I was, I was traveling, so I took it on the road. But, yeah, you're right about the lobbyist. So CPA is not a lobbying firm, just, you know, to be clear, we're a nonprofit. We do have members, you know, in these different industries that we represent, but we're a mission first organization, you know. And so, like, let's say Chinese, you know, sellers approach me tomorrow and say, well, we'll give you, you know, 20 million bucks a year to advance our interests. And, you know, I said, Cool, you can join CPA, our executive committee would fire me because it's against our mission, not that I would ever accept, you know, having those members push, just to give you guys an idea, you know, there's a lot of checks and balances within our organization to make sure, you know, we stay true to the mission. We started in 2007 because a bunch of steel guys were upset with the National Association of Manufacturers because they're making it easier to offshore seal production, and they were against a whole bunch of reforms that would have benefited the domestic manufacturers. And when I worked on the Hill, I worked in the House and the Senate, Nam, we had a joke. It stood for non American made, you know, and so there's a whole paradigm shift right now about trade policy. And, you know, as Chuck said often, like the Overton Window, is shifting. You know, de minimis 10 years ago is fine. Today, it's both sides of the aisle. It's got to go. And so these changes are happening, and they're happening quickly. And you know, this is a really good opportunity for us to make sure that they happen in a way that's going to ensure we have a really good, vibrant e commerce market. It, instead of basically just having a whole bunch of Chinese sellers and really no business at all in the US, except we just import product.

Speaker  162736:00
Yeah, do you want to outline? Okay, so do you want to outline? Just a summary of what, what your main requests are and what your main policies are you're trying to push forward?

Speaker  166245:20
Yeah, so Chuck and dive into the details. We've really broken them up into two buckets, you know, there's a US Customs law, and there's specific changes we need to make in there. And then the other piece of it is reforming the online marketplace, you know? And so on the website, I dropped a link in the chat. So we have membership levels for for Ibo specifically based on, you know, the size, you know, the annual revenue of each company. You know, seeing you mentioned, like a lobbying firms, like 30,000 a month. That's actually really cheap if I went off on my own, you know, I mean, I could charge companies 50 grand a month just to make introductions. You know, my my former boss now the Secretary of State, so they will not do anything for you if your goal is to get policy changed, you know, they'll make intros. They'll get letters written. And two years from now, you'll be wondering, you know, where did all that money go? So the membership level that we did for Ibo, we basically, like, you know, like I said, CPA is already doing a lot of these, these efforts, trying to change this policy. And so we try to make the barrier to entry really low. I think the highest limit that we have is, if you're selling 50 million or more a year, it's 1000 a month. If you're under 100,000 in annual revenue, it's $5 a month. But I know that people already pay to be part of MDS, and so for us, what we said, you know, when I talked to Ian and Eugene, is, let's just make a sort of a flat MDS rate. If you want to be part of Ibo, add your voice to the effort, you know, and become a member. And I think we, we decided at just 25 bucks a month, you know, if you're part of MDS. And you know, this is really just a numbers game for us. You know, Can we walk into a meeting with you know Jason Smith, who's the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, or to go see you know Jameson Greer, who's USTR, who's a good friend of ours, and tell them that we have members in the E commerce, you know, project that we run that are from every single state in the country, you know, it's, it's not just one or two companies, you know, this is 1000s of companies that care about these issues. They're in almost every congressional district that they represent a significant portion of the US economy. And we have to get this policy right, you know, and that's just giving us more power, you know, backing what we're advocating for. So I think shiny is showing the page here that we made just specifically for MDS folks. There's a link in there if you want to become, you know, part of IBA, we're going to be doing regular calls, updating, you know, for instance, Friday de minimis ends, you know, what does that mean? What is the policy landscape look like in the next 234, months, and then we're going to be doing, you know, some, some very robust, you know, advocacy as well, with Capitol Hill, with the administration, it's really going to take, you know, both pieces, we're going to need to get executive action, and we're also going to need to follow that up with with legislative solutions too, so that we can have these things be permanent. But yeah, I mean, do you want to open it up to questions? Jamie and see if people you know have questions with something

Speaker  225680:00
else you're about to say before this,

Speaker  227776:00
going back to you when we were talking to all these different people, right? Like, the key difference here with CPA is that, like you guys have, you have a Charles right, who's on this call. You have actual trade experts, you have economists, you have people who have influence, and you have a track record of it too. So it's a very different like than having a lobbyist who's trying to advocate for your behalf. And even with like NRF, the natural National Retail Federation, like, as Charles mentioned, like they're kind of bought and sold by the biggest partners, right by Amazon or by Walmart, so they don't actually represent little guys, and it's kind of a weird thing. What I've noticed too is, like, there's a lot of snakes out there, and there's a lot of people who want some change, but they're kind of just. Get in to try to understand what you're changing, so that they can actually go reflected in their business, etc. But at the end of the day, like, Jamie, I know you're from the UK, like, there's a lot of worry that some foreign sellers, like, Oh, this is going to cause all these other issues. It's really not like, if you're an honest and a true, good seller, it's really not going to have much of an impact to your business. You are going to have to our our ideal end goal is that you register your business within the United States. You do pay US income taxes, but because so many countries have tax treaties with the United States, you are given tax credits on any income you pay in the United States. So it's not like you're paying double taxation between the UK and the US or even China and the US. You're paying taxes the United States, and then you're you're taking those tax credits and bringing them back home. The same rule applies to me and my company when we go sell in Mexico. To sell in Mexico is harder to sell in the United States, which is like mind blowing. You know, I need to create an LLC. I need to have a US or a Mexican bank account. I need to have basically us or Mexican responsible person. I need to pay Mexican taxes, but all of those taxes, I get credits for that I can then apply to my income tax return in the United States. So that's kind of how we want to work and operate. And it make it ensures that there's a level playing field, and it also takes away like the biggest problem that at least I've seen with marketplaces is this game of Whack a Mole, where, because there is no barriers to entry to have a seller account or to create a seller account, you take one down, another one just pops up, right? And then you take that one down, another one just pops up. And it allows so much fraud and Black Hat stuff to happen because of that framework, when you start adding these additional requirements, what it's going to do is it's going to make a seller account actually valuable. And when seller accounts are valuable, you will reduce this risk of fraud. At the end of the day, everyone who's having an honest and true business will benefit. That's the end goal there. And there's so many loopholes. And I mean, even like, I would say like, what we're sharing here now is the beginning. And as Charles goes deeper, even he was going deeper into the non resident importer, like this part here. And then it's not as easy as just like, oh, you know, make like a US LLC needs to be the one to import. Like, no, you can't do that, because then there's easy loopholes to just create, you at US LLCs and then import it, etc. So I would say this is the starting ground, not the ending ground, but the intention of what we're trying to achieve here is the end goal. That makes sense. Yeah, there's a lot moving. And the other thing too is, I would love to encourage, like, if you're already a neighbor, like, come to the CPAs conference. It's May 13, 14th in Washington, DC. Like, we're again. This is the the kind of amazing thing about CPA is in that conference, they're having the US, Trade Representative, Ambassador Greer talk. They're having Senator Rick Scott there, like all, and then they're having all of like Nick you could probably speak to the aides and everyone who's attending, but literally, all the people actually make decisions on Capitol Hill are coming to that. So if you want to have your voice heard, I highly encourage you to come.

Speaker  288944:00
We we do two events a year that I think all the people on this call would be really interested in. The first one we host in the first quarter of the year, usually February or March. And because we CPA has two legal entities, we have a c4 and a c3 so our c3 is our educational Education Fund. It houses all of our economists. We do all of our industry analysis there, and that allows us to actually get approval from the Senate and House ethics committees to do what's called a staff delegation, where, basically, we're able to pay and fly the most senior congressional staff to panavidra, you know, which is about an hour and 20 minutes from DC and Florida, right, right, south of Jacksonville. And, you know, this year we had about 50 congressional staff from the House and Senate, and it's just an entire day where we indoctrinate them on, you know, these are the issues that are impacting our members. Here's how to fix them. All of our industry members come and so, you know, you could sit down with the chief of staff, with a professional staff member on a committee who's in charge of the issue, and they'll remember you, you know, when they go and design a hearing, or they're doing a bill, you know, to fix a problem, they'll remember, you know, I remember talking to shiny in Florida at CPAs event, and, you know, let me, let me talk to him and make sure we're getting this right. And so it's, we've done that for the last couple of years. It's, it's been really successful. We've gotten a ton of good legislation out of it, and just building stronger relationships with those people you know, on Capitol Hill. And then our second event is our annual conference, where we invite members of the administration, you know, regardless of who's in office. We had Biden's USTR. We had folks from the Biden administration when he was president, who. We'll have folks from the Trump administration this time, including Ambassador Greer. There's some potential that we could have Secretary lutnic Commerce Secretary be a speaker as well, but we usually have about a dozen Allison House members and senators attend and and it's a great event, you know, to educate people as well about what we're doing. So we have a panel on Ibo specifically on the first day. And I think, you know, I know shining is going to be part of it, and Chuck as well. And we'll just be talking through the issues that are impacting, you know, all the folks on this call and then the US e Commerce Industry and how to fix it.

Speaker  332458:40
So you've got one set of packages, one set of policies that are customs based, so where the government would have to make changes, and then another set of policy that you would like to see from online marketplaces.

Speaker  335946:40
So mostly, both of them are Tiktok, yeah, both of them would come actually from from the government. So, you know, they could be executive orders. Ideally, it's executive orders. Now that's followed up with a permanent solution. So that'd be a new law, but, but they're broken up into those two issues so we can fix certain problems in customs law. But then also, we have to change the landscape of how we we oversee the online marketplaces. You know? I mean, there's, there's just absolutely no reason why we should allow, you know, Amazon to self police, even though they don't do it at all, you know, fraudulent sellers, you know, like, if I wanted to, you know, rip off shiny product as a Chinese seller. I can do it a dozen ways from now until the end of the day, and maybe something will happen to me. Probably not. And I can just keep creating entities and keep doing it to him, and he's going to be harmed. And Amazon doesn't have any liability. They don't really have an incentive to self police. But if I wanted to create a business and sell, you know, knock off Nike, Air Jordan ones on Amazon, I guarantee you because Nike's a massive company, I'll have a cease and desist from Amazon general counsel by this afternoon, you know, and it's just a terrible thing. We're, like shiny said, and this is true of DC, where we just don't care about the little guys and and that is an absolutely awful way to have policy, and so we have to change that. That's a goal of ours at CPA with our Ibo project, you know, and it's going to happen, there's going to be change in this, in this space, we just have to make sure that it's the best change possible, you know. And that's where all of the people on this call would be very helpful, you know. Because if we can go to a member of Congress and say, you know, you're going to hear from National Retail Federation, you're going to hear from Amazon, you're going to hear from Walmart. That these are bad changes, you know, and of course, they represent a massive piece of the US economy. But let me introduce you to, you know, the hundreds or 1000s of members that we have at the American e commerce business alliance, who will tell you why these are the changes that are essential. You know, do you want to just have a market dominated by large online marketplaces with rampant fraud from foreign sellers, or do you want to have a vibrant Economic Community of US companies who can compete fairly online and have a good, strong e commerce, retail industry, you know? And that's essentially the question, the crossroads that we're at

Speaker  381466:40
in the analogy Nick that I think is, like, really fitting here. And one I'll definitely bring up during the panel is, like, if you were in like, a small town downstream, main like mainstream America, Main Street America, and somebody came and firebombed your store, right and then firebombed a bunch of other stores, like, it would be headline news. It would be the FBI would be called in it, like the equivalent. And that's what is essentially happening on Amazon or these other online marketplaces where, like, you're getting like, negative review attacks, or you're getting fake IP claims, like all of these things that are effectively firebombing your business and putting you out of business. But it's like nobody hears about it. It's everyone's completely unaware, and that's where modern Main Street has gone. So if we don't fix these things we want to make people aware, then it's like you're just destroying everyone's ability to have a small mom and pop business, which is most of what Amazon is.

Speaker  396346:40
Yeah, it's like opening a fake Apple store in the mall next door to Apple Store. Nice. So I had some questions, and then possibly some feedback. I'm all in on you guys and what you guys are doing, and it's. Been amazing. Two quick feedback things. Number one, the website is beautiful and sexy, but too much, too many words, and I don't know where the hell to read. And like E commerce people in general are just so add that like is just, I don't know. Maybe there could be a way to snippet and come up with, I suspect there's even people on this call who may not even know exactly what you guys are working on right now, even after all this talk. And maybe just summarize and come up with it with, with an easier way. And then number two is there's no pricing about anything. And so it's like, sign up now and you have to sign up, and no one has any idea what they're committing to, or anything, before they sign up. And that's just like the number one way to get an abandoned cart. And so I'm going to make a push in MDS also to get people to sign up. But you know, without knowing a price, like people just get cagey, and they're not going to move forward and sign up. But two random feedback, right or wrong, but? But anyhow, I guess the question is, right now feels like the Super Bowl, like we have, I feel like, and maybe I'm wrong. I feel like we have three to six months to, like, get this done by by IO or we're stuck in congressional nonsense, and maybe it just gets watered down. Or it's on to the next topic, whatever that may be across the nation, or whatever we have the voice now and there, there is momentum, like you guys said around de minimis, and that, that changing and stuff is there. And I know you're going to this, this meeting and planning on pitching there. Is there like an aggressive timeline. And do you guys feel like you have some sort of game plan in place to really move fast and hard right now when we have our best chance. Absolutely,

Speaker  428714:40
absolutely, I actually feel like we're riding a tidal wave after so look, they came out with the no de minimis for China. And there's the main issue that kind of made them walk that back a bit was USPS. US USPS is supposed to know how to collect duties like to this day, if you mail something into the United States and manifest that parcel mail like you write in the shipping label, it gets worth $1,000 USPS, like the regs are all there, regulations, it's all there. USPS, is supposed to take, you know, they hand the package to customs at the at the mail, the mail customs facility, there's nine of those customs does its paperwork, gives it back to USPS. USPS, supposed to take it to your local post office, put a note in your mailbox or in your door saying, hey, you've got duty. Will merchandise? Come pick it up and pay and you can you pay the duty at the end, the fees at the post office, you can pay in stamps. So that's all on paper, the system exists. USPS has just allowed that to completely atrophy, and so that's why they walked it back. But this has confirmed America First policy trade report. Like the administration's goal is getting rid of de minimis completely and and so yeah, like, that's going to happen, and it's going to happen via EO. We just, I think we'll also get it cemented via legislation. But so that's all happening, and then, yeah, you know, we're, like, all the momentum. So I mentioned earlier that we've got the customs fraud is exploding right now, and it's pretty wide out in the open, and so that's actually helping us with a lot of other issues. I mean, it's horrible for so many vendors right now, but I do think that it the all the all the open fraud is going to get us executive action that goes beyond de minimis, but deals with other customs areas. So you'll get something on non resident importers and and I just think ultimately, you know, I small package shipments directly from foreign vendors like our customs laws not interface with that. So the big picture is it should be relatively rare. You know what was that like? Bill Clinton's expression in 90s, safe, legal and rare? Yeah, before 1995 you could order a package from a vendor overseas. Every single package was opened up by a customs officer who put eyes on that package. So immediately, there. Now you're dealing, you're you're you've immediately gotten so much integrity, because the customs officers put eyes in the package, and they would actually fill out the entry and you would pay a fee. So that's how it was up until 1995 I think we just have to get back to that world. So part of that is going to be when you get rid of the minimalist, you're going to. All the fees. Now, those fees haven't been updated for inflation and forever, so they probably need to go higher. Probably needs to be like, you know, 50 to 70 bucks or something. I'm thinking at least, to get a small package in fees, deliver duty paid from overseas, from a foreign merchant. It's gotta be enough that a customs officer put size on it. And I'm very optimistic that we're going to get so much done in the near term, because there is going to be executive action like guaranteed, it's not speculating, and then legislation actually will follow. I can already spoken a bunch, but I can get into a bit more the legislative cycles that we're on right

Speaker  490725:20
now. So what else do you feel is very likely to happen already? What's the sort of medium difficulty? And then what do you think is going to be the most difficult

Speaker  493114:40
to get through? De minimis and NRIs are top of mind. Increasing fees is going to be a bit more difficult getting the mail sorted out. That's like a bit of a question mark, wild card. So we're urging the administration don't react like proactively educate people that they're going to have to go to the post office to pick up do Ibo merchandise ship from abroad, like that's that's important. Then there's informal entry. There's so informal entry is shipments below 2500 so very relevant for everyone here on this call, and for under section 490, of the Tariff Act, like the Secretary of Treasury has all the authority to change, you know, regulate that how he sees fit. So that's good. There's a lot. Okay, the bigger what it does relate to what's happening in Congress. So I think we will actually take credit our or our organization, we held off this terrible thing called the mod act of 2023, okay, the customs Modernization Act of 2023, and and a lot of what giant platforms want was in that law, they want to be able to submit information to customs without any liability for it. So to the extent they say that things have to be dealt with legislation that can that can slow it down, if they convince the administration that something has to be done via legislation and as opposed to executive action. But the good news is, because they're so overdue, if you actually Google it, there was the customs Modernization Act of 2021 we killed it. 2023 we killed it like they've wanted this package for so long. And I mean, the original package cemented de minimis, we never would have gotten rid of it. So we've made it so much less worse, and we've heightened all of our issues, but and so normally, there's a ton of reason to be skeptical on legislation, but they are so overdue on customs law that I think there's a decent chance in this congressional session, which is this year and next year, we get legislation. Oh, and then I'll say the marketplace reforms. Yeah, that is, that's, that is, that's not the, I wouldn't put those in the same near term bucket. I'd love to say otherwise, but a lot of that would have to be done through federal trade commission, FTC power. FTC is like an independent agency doesn't so it doesn't just do things that the President says via executive order. So yeah, that's a bit of a the online marketplace is a bit of a more medium term.

Speaker  539898:40
You know, legislation could force them to, yes, absolutely, to make those changes. And I think you know, so the most important lawmaker for these specific changes that we want to make right now, at least to Senator Bill Cassidy. He's a Republican from Louisiana. He's the chairman of a committee that has direct jurisdiction over this. So even if you met with you know Mike Johnson, Speaker of the House, or Jonathan Senate Majority Leader, he tell you you have to go talk to Bill. If Bill agrees, great, we'll do it. Cassidy's top staffer for this issue is a great friend of CPA. His name's Jake Parker. He He came from the house China committee, and now he's back with Cassidy handling his Tax and Trade portfolio. We've already talked to him about this issue. We actually wanted to get him on a call with with some of the Ibo members, but he's, he's actually getting married on Friday, and he's going on his honeymoon. So he told him, fine, you know, we'll give you a break to, you know, go do that. But they're absolutely supportive of what we're trying to do, you know, to make sure that this is a much more level playing field for for US based. Dollars. So the like Chuck said, I do think that there's just a ton of momentum moving toward change. We just have to make sure that they get the change right

Speaker  563200:00
there, anywhere, any way to get this marketplace sort of angle to the top of the food chain. Because I feel like, you know, de minimis, while it helped all of us, I feel like we only got it because of this whole fentanyl thing, it kind of, you know, we just benefited. But it wasn't really what either they were voicing or what they were concerned about. So we benefited in an indirect, roundabout way. How is there, you know, opportunity to voice the marketplace issues more and make it more front of mind. Yeah,

Speaker  571738:40
well, I look, it wasn't just the fentanyl was an angle, but there was a lot of angles. Anything that's it

Speaker  573738:40
was a good PR, PR reason. Okay, you know fentanyl, but there's definitely a lot more underlying issues, you know, for why we got it. And honestly, the E commerce piece of this is a huge part of it. You know, they just don't want to say so publicly. But it definitely,

Speaker  578208:00
I think, something that will be hammering a lot now is that more than half the vendors on Amazon are now Chinese, and beyond our jurisdiction, that is the kind of thing that, like, gets and, by the way, I don't think I mean, Nick, how many people on the Hill do you think are even aware of that all? Very few like, we've got that we so we've got to be there already was a lot of legislative efforts, a lot of bills introduced by, you know, important senators on marketplace reform. You know, it all feels like from a different era now, like from the so we had the Senator Baldwin and Rick Scott, the cool online Act, which is, you know, disclosing country of origin and merchandise. I mean, it's all seems like such small ball now at this point, but, but it's, but the, I guess the important thing is, there's, there's enough bills that Congress has kind of gotten the idea that platforms like, there's going to have, we need some like legislation to deal to change the rules on platforms like, that's not, that's not some kind of new fangled idea. And so I do think, and then when you add to add to the effect that you're like, actually, I mean, it's not, not like these platforms are, you know, majority Chinese vendors. That's a huge, that's a huge issue. And, I mean, just yesterday, that was striking, right? So we had someone in Amazon Hall thought, hey, let's put the tariff fee on the website. And the administration immediately came down on them like a ton of bricks. Amazon, the official Amazon use x account, was like, We swear that was never even been thought about. And, you know, Howard let me, guys saw just came, you know, good move. In the at the press so, and then all these leading mega accounts just trashing Amazon for being a, you know, really a platform for Chinese vendors. So that was a that yesterday was a very bad day for them, and a very good day for anybody who invested in, you know, changes like policy changes for platforms.

Speaker  615349:20
Okay, so obviously you would like as many MDS members as possible to join and become paid up members. Because I guess even the biggest businesses in MDS, right, aren't really substantial enough to have any impact on their own, but the combined impact of, you know, hundreds or 1000s these businesses can actually add up to make a to make a real difference.

Speaker  621002:40
Yeah, exactly. And that was, that was our entire goal. When we first talked with shiny, you know, and said, can we pull together companies that are being impacted by this and get them behind an effort? And, you know, can we make the, you know, the cost associated with it, you know, fairly low. I mean, you know, we we have member companies like, I mean, they're paying us, you know, substantially more than what we would do for this project. But it's, we know that there's value in bringing together all of these companies that are impacted by this to speak as one voice. And you know, it's, it's exactly within our mission, you know, to advance these kinds of policies. So, you know, that's why I said it's a numbers game, not in dollar amount, but in, you know, business amount, you know, like, Can we get a large, large group of businesses behind this so that we can go to, you know, the executive branch, we can go to a member of Congress and say, you know, we have 50 businesses in your state that are impacted by this. They're in every single state in the country. And. Yeah, you're going to hear from Amazon. But guess what? These guys are more important. You know, we're either going to have this industry or we're not, you know, I think Chuck has said we're either going to have an E commerce industry dominated, you know, 100% by Chinese sellers, and we don't have any US based sellers at all, or we're going to make it so that they absolutely can't participate in the market unless they're a responsible actor, and I don't think that they can do that, you know, is my own opinion. It wouldn't surprise me if we're successful, that there's no Chinese econ or sellers participating in the US marketplace, you know, and but again, you know, it's, the point is to design the laws and the regulations so that there's an absolutely level playing field, that if they try to go knock off your product, you know, they have liability for doing that. There is punishment, there's a deterrent. You know, it's not going to be something that they can just continue to do time and time again, you know? So

Speaker  658176:00
and I'll add to like, you know, since, since we started with Nick too, I've also spoke with, you know, Senator Rick Scott's team, Congressman Steve Scalise, Senator Ted bud, Congressman, Andy Barr, literally, every person that we've talked to are is is in full support of what we're proposing. And it's like when we tell them, they just have never heard about it, right? They don't understand that this is an issue. So like, you know, I think most, even most consumers, think of like, when you buy something from Amazon, it's like walking into a Walmart and buying something, right? Few people understand that, like, Oh, it's from an individual seller or whatever, right? But they don't understand the intricacies of like, Amazon has no liability for what that product is. You know, you're being bought whatever. We need to make sure that people understand that part. And like Nick said, like, even when I would have those meetings, that's exactly what I would tell them, is that this is not like, like, policy change here isn't going to go benefit the Bay Area California, right? Like, if you do something for Google, or you use something for, like, a Facebook, right? That's like the Palo Alto, like, everyone gets richer in Palo Alto, this is to make America richer. We're in every like in MDS is like 700 some folks, but there's 1.9 million US sellers that sell on Amazon, and most of them are pretty small, but they're spread out in every city and every state in the country. So you're raising the tide of middle of America with these changes. And that was all received very well. So, but Nick, do you want to talk a little bit how DC is a coin operated machine, and like, what that looks like with Ava too?

Speaker  685882:40
Yeah. I mean, I think when she, you know, first approached us and he said, we've talked to some lobbying firms, every single one of our members has a lobbying firm, you know, and if you wanted to go pursue that path as a company, you know? I mean, just to be frank, like there's not a single firm that's worth actually, you know, hiring that is going to introduce you to people in the Trump administration for less than $50,000 a month, and and they'll that's all that they'll do, is introductions. You know the you're going to have to explain your issue. You're going to hope that they have to care about it. And it's just going to be you. It's going to be one company. You know, they're not. If you wanted to bring another company, you know, if you have a friend who's in E commerce, and you guys talk and you say, you know, we have the same problems, they're going to want to bring that company on as a client too. And that's another 50,000 you know, or more. I mean, we have companies that are paying lobbying firms 100,000 a month, you know. And the beauty of what we started at Ibo is, you know, in of course, in addition to the cost just being very low, like I said, it's a number scheme, you know, Republicans and Democrats know that we're not a lobbying firm. They know that we're a mission driven organization, that that's why we have credibility. That's why you know, if you talk to any person that works on the hill, they will tell you that they trust CPA. I mean, we'll criticize Trump when he's wrong. We applauded Biden when he got things right, and vice versa, and we'll always do that. But in terms of DC, you know, it's unfortunate that that's the way that our system works, but it is absolutely a coin operated world. We're up against Amazon, Walmart, you know, DHL, UPS, FedEx, all of these. These are massive companies with huge government relations and lobbying budgets in house. And in addition to everything they do in house, they also have outside lobbyist consultants. They have packs they're involved in spending money that you will never even be able to see because they can hide it through, you know, super PACs, which is known as a 527 organization. And so there's simply, you know, my personal view, and you know, I've spent a decade in politics, but you know, my personal view is that any one company that's an E commerce company, there's 100% chance you will fail at trying to take on the current system by yourself. It just will not work. And you know that that sounds terrible, it's the unfortunate reality, but with Ibo, there's a very good chance that we'll be successful, because we can pull together all of the companies that are part of this, and they can speak as one voice, and that's a very, very successful model. And it's not a model that we think to be successful. We've used it in other industries to great success, so we have a good track record of doing it.

Speaker  740624:00
And then what about the donations to the representatives? Like, how does that look like?

Speaker  742693:20
Yeah, so, I mean, another important piece about you know, DC is like, let's say that you know Bill Cassidy, you know, is working on a bill that we are going to really like at Ibo. You know, it's unfortunate, but we need to go donate to his campaign, you know, and let him know that, you know, yes, we're going to be vocally supportive of his efforts on the official side, which means what he's doing legislatively, you know. Or and this goes for Democrats too, of course, you know, if there's a Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee in the House who's supportive of this. Hopefully the bill is bipartisan. You basically can't do anything worth doing in DC without it being bipartisan. So it has to be advanced like that. We'll have to support, you know, with camp, with campaign contributions, basically, is what it is, they will absolutely check. You know, when I worked in the Senate, there was a senator who's no longer he's retired. He's no longer in office, but when you would go into me with him, he literally had a leather book that he would open up, and he would say, man, it's been a couple years since we had dinner together. And he didn't care about the dinner. He just knew it was two years since you wrote him a check for his campaign. You know, basically telling you, like, this is a great meeting, but I hope we can have another dinner, you know. And this happens every day. It's, I mean, it's not something that's really talked about that frequently, but I promise you, I spent 10 years on a hill. Happens every day, you have people come in and meet with you, and they say, Oh, by the way, we talked to so and so. You know, that person is our finance director, you know, like, oh, we talked to Ashley. We met with Ashley this morning. Well, that lets everybody in the room know, we gave Ashley a check. She's, she's our campaign fundraiser. It's just how it happens. You know, it's unfortunate, but we do play that game at CPA. You know, we've told our members we don't set the rules for this game. This is how it works. We either are going to play in it or not. And so, of course, we do, because it's to our benefit. And you know, that's something that we have to do with Ibo as well,

Speaker  779706:40
and then Nick, how do your manufacturing partners? Because, like, you guys also represent a lot of US manufacturers. How do they feel about you know, I always coin. I don't know. I don't say coin the term, but I always say, like, you can't bring back US manufacturing without protecting us brands, all right, there'd be no one to buy from us manufacturers. But if we don't buy from them, how do they feel about Ava during

Speaker  787440:00
so I mean, our domestic producers, they're facing, oftentimes very, very similar, you know, issues that you guys are facing. I mean, even if you're bringing a product in that's made here, you're still facing, you know, an underpriced competition product that's oftentimes a knockoff, you know, infringing on your IP and, you know, so I think on our domestic manufacturing side. The the solution that we provide, you know, to everybody, you know, Republican Democrat Biden Trump, is we have to have a mixture of trade and industrial policy that incentivizes the domestic production and and then has to be a permanent. Long term solution. So what that means is, you know, we will know that a domestic company can make an investment in the US to add capacity, knowing that that investment is going to be profitable over the long term, because there'll be a market to sell it. And if you think about the the synergies between Ibo, you know, you guys need to know that the policy environment is such that you can sell a product that long term, is going to be profitable, because you're not going to get ripped off by, you know, somebody infringing on your IP or it's just a straight knock off, you know, same exact product, but sold, you know, 50% less, and there's no liability for, you know that competitor, they can do it 20 times a day. You know, they can, you know, spin up 1020 different new entities on Amazon, and, you know, attack your reviews and things like that. So I think there's a lot of a lot of synergies there, for sure.

Speaker  817088:00
I think the last thing too, that'd be really interesting, would be some sort of platform to connect Ibo members with the manufacturers. So, you know, for instance, if we're looking to build or bring back manufacturing to America, a lot of us don't know where to start. Like China has Alibaba, China has all these sourcing tools. It's a little bit more difficult in the United States. So that would be really cool, too. Next long time,

Speaker  823909:20
yeah. I mean, we, we have, uh, manufacturers in countless industries, but I think for a lot of the products in E commerce, you know, something like a tool and die maker, you know, where you can custom fabricate like, you know, I know, Mike add at simple, modern, or even, you know, the ridge wallets, you know, those are things that tool and die makers, I think, you know, if those are what, they're manufactured using in China, you know, And so, so there is an effort to reshore that industry, but, you know, again, there has to be a level where they can operate profitably. And I think having a vibrant e Commerce Industry with us, based sellers absolutely helps our industrial capacity too, because none of these things happen in a vacuum, you know, even when we have, let's say, tariffs on steel, for example. You know, that might help the steel mills, but if we don't cover the derivatives products, the customers of those products, the consumers of those products, then we're really not protecting the industry as a whole. So as you start to have a more comprehensive trade and industrial strategy, then you can see the entire ecosystem, you know, benefit at the same time. And that's something that we focus on a lot. Chuck's done a lot of good writing about that at CPA. It's something that we the Trump administration fixed with their 230 twos on steel and aluminum initially, you know, although we're still working with them to get it quite you know, exactly right. But you know, there's a lot of synergies between what we're doing on the the manufacturing side with with the E commerce side.

Speaker  852832:00
Great. So if anyone's got any more questions before we go, please put them in the chat. We have one question from Pete, so he's saying, with some of these customs changes that you're advocating for, they probably would require a bit more manpower. Do you think this customs would realistically be able to hire enough people to do all of this? Well,

Speaker  858869:20
yeah, real quick. Chuck, yeah. If you meet with customs right now, they will tell you, we are severely understaffed. We don't have enough budget. There's absolutely no way for us to do the current system even even police it a little bit. So all of these changes are going to require absolutely investing massively in customs and making sure that they have the manpower to handle all this, and that, you know, Chuck is has been talking to the customs folks ever since they got in and the Trump admin, but I'm sure he's got some more points to add,

Speaker  867936:00
yes, so that they have a union, National Treasury Employees Union, and teu and, I mean, they, They they make the point. I mean, they've got the same staffing in 2025 that they had in the year 2000 when the volume of imports is just exponentially greater. A really important point that I think is not appreciated well enough is that you it's sort of sort of, in a way, this is a simplification, but whether a shipment consists of a individually wrapped little package that can fit in your mailbox or 10 shipping containers, it's kind of the same amount of work for CBP, okay, to police it. So I. So thanks. Driven by de minimis, we have this catastrophic, you know, 4 million small packages a day. There's no way you cannot do anything. So by repealing de minimis, by by doing a lot of things we're going to do, we're going to collapse the volume of shipments. I think there was, you know, anyway, I don't get the numbers wrong, but that we are going to collapse the number of shipments. It doesn't mean we're going to have less imports or less merchandise coming in, but we're going to collapse number of shipments. So people, a lot of vendors, that were sending small, individual, small packages across border, will go back to traditional bulk shipping. So yeah, that's, that's that will, like, I don't want to send the message that we need to staff up to accommodate 4 million small packages a day. You can't do it. You can't do it. And and then just when I say you can't do it, a really important point is, you, our customs law was never premised around this, right? So we at the Consumer Product Safety Commission, they've got staff at the ports, okay? They've got responsibilities for a ton of specific products. Children's toys is a very high profile one, right? We've had specific legislation on standards for for children's toys for over half a century, and they've got staff, and every day, CPSC staff at the ports, they'll see a shipment, you know, a container of a children's toy coming in. And they'll use their discretion. They're like, Oh, we've never seen this manufacturer before that's indicated. Or, you know, who's this retailer, who's the like, something's something. They'll prioritize those ones. They'll go in, they'll open up the container, they'll take a toy off the pallet, and they'll test it for lead. They'll destroy that toy in the process. That's just part of the cost of doing business and and that's how we have order, right? Domestic manufacturers have inspections and at the and we do inspections at the ports for imported merchandise. And there's no world where you can do that. You can't if we just say, Yeah, you know, American consumers, you just whatever buy from vendors anywhere in the world, doesn't matter. There's no world where you can test toy individually packaged for lead, because then you're destroying the shipment. So just, none of this works. So we just, we have to go back, we have to rewind. We have to get people importing and wholesaling is a thing, and that's how our customs law is premised. And there's all sorts of, like, you know, I can't stand it, but like, Oh, we're going to use AI and we'll turn web URLs into customs manifest. It's all going to be great. They don't, they can't answer basic principles of customs law. Who's liable? Like, okay, you had an AI generate the entry, who's who? Who's liable? If that AI is wrong, they don't have an answer for that, and they don't have an answer for you know how that how we're going to test for product safety like, like, CPSC, national higher traffic safety administration, USDA, like, all these, all these agencies are at the ports, customs calls and partner government agencies. No one, no one has any answers for this. And I don't think there are any answers. So we're going to be so it's not, we don't want to scale up. The answer is not to scale up, hire 10,000 new agents to accommodate this new flow. The answer is, unwind the new flow. Get back to much smaller volume of shipments and but yes, we still need more people, 1,000%

Speaker  937141:20
right? Well, thanks Chuck and Nick for coming on the call. If someone could just drop the AVA page for MDS into the chat, and we'll make sure that that gets sent out. If you guys could, if you guys on the call could also fill out the rating as usual, just really helps me to put calls. Know what I can do to give you guys the best calls possible. And if people want to reach out to you, Nick, is that possible, or is it better if people just

Speaker  944720:00
absolutely I can put my email right here in the chat, and I'd be happy to talk with anybody about what we're doing at Ibo if they have questions. So yeah, definitely please let me know if you'd like to speak,

Speaker  950261:20
that's awesome. If anyone joined the call late or wants to re listen the recording should be up tomorrow, so yeah, just Nick at prosperous america.org if you're watching the recording. Yeah, thanks so much for coming on, guys. I've learned a lot. Yeah,

Speaker  954341:20
thank you for having us. I appreciate it. I know it's last minute, so hopefully, thank you. It was informative. Yeah, okay, all right. Cheers, guys, thanks. Bye, bye, bye.
