1. Matthew Greene
Date: November 27, 2025

Speaker  1568:00
I'm Matt. I live in Orange County, in Huntington Beach. Co Founder, CEO, happy innovations is our like overall company. Our brands are happy nuts is like our ball care brand. We have a lot of sweat protection and anti chafing products as well in our happy curves line, which is for women, and we just launched our third brand, happy souls, which is for foot care, we're getting into like OTCs for like athletes foot and jock itch and stuff like that. Because shockingly, even though my products don't solve jock itch, we like rank number, like one through five organically for it, so just makes sense, but that's rolling out soon. Yeah, on a mission to build a personal care conglomerate, starting with balls, which is a weird place to start, but yeah, it's gone pretty well so far. For that, I had, like, an IT consulting company who did a lot of government contracting work. How odd. Employees didn't like it. So I was like, Oh, I'll sell stuff on the internet, and then I won't have to deal with employees. And now I have 18 employees again. So, yeah, congratulations, greener. All right, so like, our Tiktok experience kind of going way back. I didn't put a slide about it, because it doesn't really matter. About a year and a half ago, we, like, blasted off our shit cock sales, but it was right when they started. We had a ton of compliance issues, um, mostly with content getting flagged. Our store was straight up shut down until about a year ago, last December, and then we hit it hard as soon as we got back up with both our brands. But we were just like beaming out as much samples and seeding samples without really getting people agree to do anything or just one video. And we're just like, spending a ton on these samples. And like our store was hovering, both our stores were hovering at like, two to 10k a month. So we just weren't really getting anywhere, and didn't have a good strategy. So this kind of about what we changed. So like, we like, looked at it, and we were like, All right, our goal, when we did that strategy, was like, All right, we're just gonna flood those with samples. There'll be content everywhere. And unfortunately, it was like, we're using Yuka. You did a super automated, not personal at all, just trying to get content. And unfortunately, like, some stuff popped off, but it just did not work. So we're like, how can we make this way more consistent? Really, it's just about the math where, like, we needed content going all the time and viral instead of, like, all these samples just not working out, basically. And we didn't have our creators in, like, our communities, which on Amazon, we run a ton of affiliate tracking, or like, ton of affiliate traffic to all our listings, and we have them in. They're like, old school blog people. So they do email, they don't use, like, you know, fun stuff, like discord, and we really did that well. So we're like, let's try and apply this to Tiktok and see how it goes. So we shifted completely to retainer partnerships. Basically, we only gave samples to people who would commit in contract to like 15 to 30 pieces of content a month. And how that worked, though, is we actually decided just to pay them for the first 30 days anywhere from like 200 to $1,000 because, like we were looking at it. And if you think about the math, it's like, you send them product once, and average $600 you really only now hang like, $20 per post, which is really cheap, a lot cheaper than join brands or like any other of the platforms and and like, also, you're just giving the product away once, so way cheaper. And then we see how they do that first month. And then we'll either up their retainer just to keep them on and stuff. So now we have, we're coming up on almost, like 200 creators that are on these contracts, and it, you know, costs like, I think we're somewhere in like the 45,000 a month range that we're paying on all these but it's really working out quite well. So what we noticed is, like, why this works is you actually need people posting from the same account multiple times, because, like, Tiktok rewards consisting posting. That's like, the one thing that I for sure know about Tiktok. I do not understand why certain stuff goes viral at all, because a lot of it's the dumbest content like you've seen, but I guess it gets, you know, 500,000 views. But I do know that if they keep posting and keep posting there, it might not go viral, but they'll start getting like 5000 views per post. And that alone is like enough reach. Because like, you can see all the like, once those posts are over 5000 views, we see like the six second people are staying on it for more than six seconds, that percentage is now getting a lot higher. So like, the quality of those views is way better than anywhere else, like meta, where, you know, people just scroll past it. So those aren't like good quality. Anyways, what do we do? Oh, yeah, all, I think you've heard about it. If anyone else was at the event the last few days, anything that's viral, we like send out to our whole creator group, and are like, Hey, everyone, make your own spin on this. We never give them scripts. And then it just really helps, like, make this like Echo Chamber of stuff I give, we post it in so I don't have discord, but I have, like, a marketing girl that does it, and we post and like, pin all our like, top performing stuff and our Discord channel. And then when stuff starts going viral, as soon everyone's like, Oh, you straight up posted in there with, like, a generalized, like, outline of how to how to do a similar post. So basically, where we have before was like less than 10k a month, basically, and then afterwards, we're now, like, coming up on about 300,000 a month during holiday. We're probably do a ton, because we have some good gift boxes, but like, switching to this model, and we're finally profitable on the channel last month. So that was fun. And, yeah, it's been great. Um, well, it's a hard question, because we, like, got shut down and everything. But like, since we switched, we switched to this strategy in June, or, like, end of May, June. So it took about three months. Our store was kind of up and going though, and there was some sales on it, so I think that helped, like, it wasn't a complete zero, but it was like, like, we didn't have anything, like, it wasn't impressive.

Speaker  114960:00
Yeah, what do you mean by that? So, like, we're using you go to reach out to then I have all and be out. Are you trying to find like men in this space? Or you kind of just want by Is there any like strategy on you getting that book? You wonder?

Speaker  119909:20
Yeah, we actually use like women to market it to men. Yeah, we have like an army of like hot girls, yeah?

Speaker  122325:20
Susan, he said that you now you don't you retain you didn't do affiliate anymore. You only do retain it. You find new retainers.

Speaker  124234:40
Well, they can, they can sign up for the affiliate program, like native on Tiktok, like your open program,

Speaker  126090:40
actually find a new routine, because Don't you have to qualify them first by then bury to go get video.

Speaker  127450:40
Yeah, we message them and everything. Yeah, we used to be used, yeah, we'll use Yuka in the affiliate platform to, like, sign them up and everything. Yeah. So, like, we are, like, searching for them, like, probably the same way you are. Yeah, it's pretty, I feel like it's actually really good on the platform, but you do have to get them messaging off the platform because, like, it's, it's like, weird to, like, respond, but I think their inbox is just like, bad or something. I don't know, not sure how that works, but that is like a friction point. So yeah, this, I think I went over this because I just keep rambling. But yeah, like I said, we're, like, really investing in our relationships with these people. We do. We also do like, calls every two weeks or so. Yeah, it's kind of weird when I go on the women's brand call, because I'm like, Hey, like, they're all doing, like, get ready with me videos and stuff like that. But yeah, it's a lot of fun.

Speaker  144768:00
I do have, like, an idea, while here on the topic, like, this whole Tiktok matchmaking city thing that they're doing, they're doing that they're trying to do, like, a lot of cities, right? I do think it is an opportunity for lamp to, like, post your all at luncheon. Like, invite your shop, you know where they live. Look at where your careers are at, and go to them and have them come to your boot. Or, yeah, I'm like, well, Lunch and Learn like this is think about, like, pharma reps and how much is invested in them, knowing you have to buy it. I said, I do want to treat these people like that. Your top two people need to be. So just thought, yeah, I don't know any.

Speaker  155434:40
Do you pay them a retainer up front?

Speaker  156298:40
Uh, no, we pay them at the end of the month. We have, like, a contract, and it's like net 15 at the end of the month, because, like, we make sure their posts, and we kind of look at like, what their content, what their like lifestyle is like, and find something that makes sense, like, if it's like. A mom who has like three kids will be like, Oh, okay, we'll do like 15 posts a month. But you know, if it's just some, like, 23 year old blasting Honda, I'm like, No, you're gonna be posting like, every day. And yeah, you know, gotta keep them busy. So, yeah, yeah. But just some high level stuff, you know, quantity over quality. It's like, you know, scaling the relationships, and then also just the consistency. Is like, so key on Tiktok consistency in running your program, consistency and your outreach to affiliates, and also your communication with them. Like, I just think it's like one of those platforms where you just got rewarded for consistency, which is hilarious, because everyone outside of this business, when they look at Tiktok, they're like, oh, like, this person just had this crazy viral post, and now they're a huge influencer or whatever. But when you look under the hood, like, no, they were posting like three times a day for like, months on end, and then it went off. So I think it's like really good to take note of, yeah. So I think that's it. I would

Speaker  177888:00
love to hear more about how you handle the community college and maybe whatever intentions are for when you do it, yeah.

Speaker  180192:00
So usually we at the beginning of the call, we always do, like, intros, because a lot of new people. So you guys, you kind of have to treat like the first section of the call, like this is a new group of people every time, because even even the ones who have been to them before are doing a lot of other stuff, and they may not remember. So we do that for about like five to 10 minutes, then jump in and do like the current successful content. Basically any contests we were doing like, we'll give an extra, like $500 to whoever like made the most the past week. That's what we did currently. We kind of changed that up. We gave away some like air pods a few weeks ago that actually went really well. They got really stoked about that. So I think we're gonna do like, some other Apple products, and yeah, then we do contests. Then we kind of just do an open Q and A well we do whenever we're like, releasing products and stuff. We kind of showcase our products, really talk about them. We've had, like, compliance issues with people making claims about our products that, like, we really can't so we, we always do, at the end of it, go over, like, here are talking points the end loan guys, hey, like, please don't say any of this stuff, because I'm gonna get sued again. And, yeah, all that. That's kind of the general flow.

Speaker  204810:40
So really, yes, it takes that simple one, but you Brooks your calls online zoom, or, do you get one, this one?

Speaker  206474:40
Or we use Google meet, like Google workplace as a company. So, and those are easy. Like, you just, we just send out the link.

Speaker  208800:00
Yeah, ask, because we, I guess, traditional, hosted hours on Zoom, and obviously feedback from the creators that they're like, well, not always use No, obviously, student needs to download something that. And I've seen, like, I've been enjoying a couple of, like, social army bonds, yeah, and they actually post it inside of this world. And yeah, you tried to do that. It's not the other word, yeah.

Speaker  216245:20
So I know those guys we, we were, like, the first brand that were, we kind of, like developed their program this way back, and then, like, our store got shut down, and we're like, okay, like, See ya, but yeah, Jasper's a good guy. It's a little expensive now, but yeah.

Speaker  220378:40
And do you have a welcome flow when someone joins your discord? Like, what happens? Do you warm them up in any way?

Speaker  222378:40
Yeah. So we don't have a welcome flow, like in in discord, but we, I'm not sure actually what we do, but we do have, like, an email and, like, we have a creator briefs for both our brands, of like, here's what to say about our products. Here's and then like, here's definitely like, not what to say, and some ideas, yeah, we're definitely big on that. But you hosted her for me in disparate Yeah, and that's easy when you do the calls, because, like, we just, like, sort of just drop the Google heat link in there. Yeah. I.
