4. Becca Heilman Davison
Date: May 28, 2025

Speaker  1888:00
So maybe you guys already know this, but yeah, when I talk to keen, maybe she just inspired. But do you guys know that you can contact customers on Amazon through the if you go into brand curse and basically go to customer reviews, you can filter and it allows you to refund or reach out to them, like customer support, and you can't change the boilerplate text. But then once you send it, and then it tells you the order number, you go in your sent messages, and you can see the customer the order number and, like, all the details. So it's even kind of better than it used to be. I don't know if you guys knew this, but I've been doing this. It's not scalable, but once a month, and I just go, it's not that many, but I message them. It's usually like somebody had a product of growth or something. I sent in a courtesy refund, and I messaged them and saying, I'm so sorry. I mean, they changed their review almost every single time. I don't even ask them, obviously, like, them, obviously, like, I'm very delicate with it. But just yesterday, the guy wrote back. He was so happy. I was trying to refund somebody in Canada even, but he Rebecca was like, do we edit my review or delete it? How do I answer this delicately? But that's a really cool hack, if you guys don't know it. And these are just absolutely, I don't know if you guys have multiple sales platforms, but this is, like a really easy no brainer in Walmart. I mean, MCF, FBM, offers on Amazon. Go all through Shopify, and it makes it really easy for companies. It's great. Pulls in yourself client tags. So like all my Walmart orders, just feed into my Shopify shoes as orders and then just tags. But it's just like a nice aggregator, if you guys are just logistically dealing next is gorgeous. I don't think you guys was gorgeous, but on the top of the customer service, I love this tool. I actually do customer service myself. I don't get a lot of inquiries, but it's got macros and templates, so literally at the click of a button, I can write this really cool reply. This is like 60 bucks a month, and this I do customer service in five minutes every morning, and that's my day. Like it's so easy. And then the last one, I think so I have my like info at tied into this. It also picks up DMS from any social platform, yes, also your ads feed into this. And so I comment. I didn't used to do this, but now I comment on every comment on my ads, which I think helps your ads perform better. So people are like, Oh, I love it. And I used to just ignore it, and now I'm like, thank you so much for so glad you found us. Like, create a macro, and it's like, click, click, click. How does it know when it ties in your email? How does it know So customer service?

Speaker  47354:40
Well, it'll create,

Speaker  47626:39
like, a state, like, right now, six tickets. It just creates tickets and then basically create whatever you want to here in terms of folders, but you just create these macros. It'll go to Channels here. This is all open. I just put it all together, but it'll show you when they come in. Is

Speaker  52159:59
this just for CRM? Or this is your all your emails tied into this.

Speaker  53216:00
So I have Becca at my own email inbox, which, honestly, I tell you my strategy for that. I ignore it because there's so much outreach and so much spam. I don't take calls. I'm gonna point my life for, like, time for that. So I just scan it every morning. Like, I talk to my factory and talk to, like, people I have to talk to. I go over to this. I spend 10 minutes on customer service.

Speaker  58117:19
So this is just customer service. It's just customer services. Yeah, I'm using like Freshdesk. How do you say that

Speaker  59562:40
I wouldn't

Speaker  60346:40
put your own email into this? Well, does this also have chatbots?

Speaker  61450:39
Well, so I have chatbot on my website that feeds into this. So somebody does Chatbot. I'm trying to set that up right now with freshness basically, you don't want to intermingle your factory communication, yeah, I want, like, my personal email, yeah, friends or other you guys reach out. You can't rebudge All Facebook comments and stuff.

Speaker  69312:00
But now it's like, it's like, it's so and you can create a macro that's like, I try to mix it up into some emojis and words, just to make it look like it's not completely taped. But like, anybody emails with a broken product is getting the exact same. Like, really, super thoughtful. Okay, not working a lot these days, automated everything. Um, repurpose is really great. Brandon, you might really like this. You were saying like so I have somebody, a mom, who does content for me every day she lives in Iowa. She just said her fourth baby. She does content on Tiktok and then repurposed to Iowa $20 a month. It pushes it to Instagram, YouTube, shorts, and interestingly, Brandon, I'm kind of with you. My. Content. It's like we created on safe job. It does way better on Instagram, but that funnel seems to be working. The only thing I can't do is product tags, but you're gonna put ads on it. That's a really cool time saver. So if you're not, I was trying to hire somebody to do this for

Speaker  85440:00
me, and then I realized that, can you schedule stuff out with recurs? Ibo, like, can I put my schedule, or is it just like

Speaker  87061:20
my posting today and reschedule? It's just that. It's the latter. I don't think there's a scheduling. I think like schedule.com. There's another one later.com. This is a conversation over over cocktails. Get that? Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah.
