Top Inspire Takeaways
Date: April 23, 2025

Speaker  816:00
All right, hey guys, welcome to the Mogul call so Prue, Jason and Alex have kindly agreed to join me, and we're just going to look through some of the some of the top learnings on from from Vegas. So Jason and Prue have shared some top, some of the top things via email. But Alex, I didn't, I didn't hear from you. What, what? What in bullet point format. What do you think were your sort of top, your top takeaways from the event?

Speaker  9125:20
Yeah, man, I really liked Chinese presentation. I know not everyone is in the consumable space, but just the amount of data that his tool is able to pull and tell you the lifetime value of a customer is just insane. I feel like even though shangies, like the presentation is pretty niche with consumable products, I feel like that presentation should have been in in the main room, just because it might motivate people to maybe look at this space for a future business, because there's just so much data there for for recurring, but recurring revenue, and how to strategize your your marketing efforts for that.

Speaker  21551:59
So he's taking data you wouldn't normally he's giving you data you wouldn't normally be able to see. So if you're you know, if I'm selling a shampoo or something, right? What data would I normally be relying on without the tool? And then what would his tools

Speaker  24917:20
show me? So you you can see the data in Amazon. It's just, it's really hard to interpret it and organize it. So every Amazon customer has, like, an email you may have seen before. It's like a really long, crazy text at Amazon, blah, blah, blah, and that's the same email for every purchase. So you're able to see, you know, using his tool, you're able to find out how many customers every month are new customers versus returning customers, and if you have that data, just imagine what you can do with that and how you can interpret it so you now you know what you're based on your advertising spend, you could figure out how much you're spending to acquire new customers, which is huge, because a lot of times you wonder how much of my ad spend is going to someone that was going to buy my product anyway. So cannibalizing sales, candidizing your ad spend, figuring out your lifetime value of a customer is huge because now you can, now you know how much you can afford to spend to acquire that customer. A lot of people think you know break even row as is good in the consumable space, but a lot of times you can actually spend more than that if your customers can be around for 345, purchases. So the data is all there in Amazon. His tool pulls all the data from Amazon, but it just organizes it in a way that makes more sense to us.

Speaker  46906:40
We started using it too. It's called expand phi. Um, it allows you to see stuff in a way, also that you can understand when you use, Subscribe and Save coupons, if it's worth it at what like per SKU as well, because, like some SKUs may have a better repeat purchase rate than others, or have a higher LTV than others. And like for us, we probably saw that some of our products, like the subscribers, are just kind of taking advantage of the coupon and not sticking around and just sort of hacking the system kind of thing. So it allows you to get a little more granular. It's like $97 a month or something like it's a no brainer, sort of SaaS tool if you sell products that would have a repeat purchase. Yeah, I'm often

Speaker  63770:39
coming back from events with my takeaway being that I need to find the consumable. Need to find a consumable cell.

Speaker  65648:00
Yeah, so, so imagine that to prove his point, if, if that coupon is being taken advantage of just so people can get that first cell at a discount, but it is helping conversions, right? People are lay that like that because I have so and you've been giving away 20% this whole time when it would have had the same effect at 10. You have to, obviously, test this. You're talking, you know, 1000s of dollars a month that you basically threw away to give 20 instead of 10 when 10 would have done the same thing. And this tool will help you analyze that. Awesome.

Speaker  74917:20
Does someone want to put a link in the chat? I'm just going to come to Jason. So Jason, welcome to the call. First time. I can't believe it's been so long.

Speaker  76810:40
Yeah. Man, I appreciate the invite. I feel special. Great to

Speaker  77626:40
have you on. Man, um, so can you just quick, just quickly tell us a little bit about what you've got going on with your E commerce, businesses. What? What? What you're working on, and then most of the stuff that you've written down is kind of Tiktok related. So yeah, just talk a little bit about the kind of Tiktok takeaways you've got and why you've been focusing on Tiktok.

Speaker  82480:00
Yeah, I blame Alex for the last six months of my life. But no, so I run a supplement brand called Joy spring, as we kind of make functional kids supplements, and we've been really head down the last few years with kind of, you know, niching down and finding products that aren't overly saturated, doubling down and branding to make sure we have a brand identity that pops out. And so, I would say, back in September, after the Denver event, just kind of went all in on Tiktok, and that became something that's been super explosive for us. I think we had our first million dollar month last month on Tiktok, and that's with a lot of supply chain. Well, it's just Tiktok shop, yeah, yeah. And it's been crazy, man. But it's not, it's not that. It's some secret science. I think we did a lot of things well before that, and we sort of have, we're in this white space that works really well for Tiktok, but a lot of it for me, man, is just implementing what I heard in Denver, and, you know, kind of talking to guys like Alex and Brian Kelsey, and just taking what these guys are talking about and just taking that to my team, and, you know, implementing it and having some good success with it. So, so naturally, you know, when I came out to the event, that was the thing that I wanted to soak up as much as possible, is, you know, we're doing okay. But like, what are some of the things that other folks are doing, other folks are testing that we're not doing just yet? So naturally, I sort of lean more into that sort of stuff. But I have a, just a quick list here of different things that I took away that was valuable to me. One was Tiktok live, right? So that was a big part of the conversation got to play a part in that talk. But what was cool for me is to sit and listen to an Alex and listen to a Jarrett, because they have different approaches than what we're doing. My approach tends to be very like 8020 you know, just move fast shotgun and, you know, get what works. But these guys take different approaches. That's really cool to kind of unpack leaning quite a bit into creator training, I would say that's a big part of the conversation on my team right now is not just getting 1000 creators every month, but like, how do we get better at training creators to, you know, essentially improve our conversion rate, right? So that's one thing that Alex sort of leaned into, you know, Jared approach to laws is more, you know, sort of doing it yourself and doing it in house, and maybe one day, we'll get there today, that's kind of not what we're doing, but just seeing some different ways to to attack Tiktok lives to make that a more meaningful part of the pot was, was a really cool takeaway for me. Something else with the tool was a tool called Real doc farm. I think it is, and it's just a Tiktok AI tool. There's a lot of them out there. I think make ugc.ai is another one. But it's a way to sort of make these like UGC avatars. And, you know, they can hold your bottle now, or hold your product and kind of talk about it. And so it's a way to kind of pump out a lot of creative, you know, whether it's Tiktok organic or Facebook ads or whatever. So that was one of the things that came up. It's a million of them, but real dot farm, I think it's the one that was mentioned at the at the event I met Parker. I don't know what's last name, but social media, I think

Speaker  132288:00
was that? SD, I think

Speaker  133072:00
is this? Yeah, phenomenal. Dude. Just absolutely love talking to him, and we barely scratched the surface, but just kind of hear him just talk about all things, you know, sort of, how do you make the science of going viral, right? Might be the way to think about that. Again, I tend to take more of a shotgun approach to things, but he seems to have the viral stuff down to almost a science. And so just met him honestly, just a few things that he was talking about that regard, in terms of the structure that works really well. I think it's hooks, suspense payoff is, is sort of what he was preaching. But that's probably a guy that needs to be on more calls, because I think he's done one, maybe for

Speaker  143722:40
Yeah, he's done one call. It was, he really sort of broke down what successful videos are and how they work. Yeah, so

Speaker  145888:00
no, he's awesome. You could probably talk hours about that sort of stuff, but I did a follow up call with him after Vegas, and he met with my team and just, we know nothing really. There's so much more that we can do that we're not yet doing. So I thought he was a really awesome resource and person that probably should have been on stage at some point. And what's come with the you know, awareness that we've gained with Tiktok is massive amount of copycats, especially on Tiktok, but even on Amazon, we're seeing landing pages that are sort of coming out with our branding and stuff like that. So I got a few ideas on just these, like takedown companies or brand protection companies.

Speaker  157338:40
So presumably, you're already big on Amazon, and you would just, I guess on Amazon, if you're big, you get the odd copy Kat. But once, once you get, once you got big on Tiktok, it was like a different level. Was

Speaker  159898:40
it? Is a whole different level. Man, we probably have 30 right now plus. And so it's grown to a point where we just can't do it in house. So we're looking for different services to help with that. And so in Vegas, I got a couple of teams that are helpful with that regard, but one was called bust them. So B, U, S, T, E, m.com I think it is, and they are some sort of like aI solution to take notes, right? So I think they plug into brand registry, they plug into the Tick Tock IPPC tool, and they do some of that stuff, stuff in the automated fashion. So that was something that for us, is a big part of our life. Maybe it doesn't affect too many others here, but that was about you. At I thought that the talk from David Guillaume, right? I think David probably delivers a similar talk, but it's always good to sort of hear that refresher on limiting beliefs. And, you know, telling yourself things are hard to do because we haven't figured it out yet. And you know, all this stuff that a lot of us probably read about, it was, it was good to hear it right from somebody who's, you know, his worst day is probably my best day. So, so that was a meaningful talk that I took away with. And then I thought Kyle's talk with carbon was awesome as well. So, Kyle, so for those that don't know, he runs carbon, it's like a pickleball pickleball company, I guess. And he did a breakdown of their most recent launch, where they did, like, a million dollars in a month, or some crazy number, and call really just spoke to this one product development, making a product that's different, that's unique, really digging into a differentiated product. And then they went into kind of really prepping for the launch in a few different ways. They went out to their retailers in pre sold inventory, which is something we've never done. They connected with a few, you know, top influencers in the pickleball space. I think they did the Tiktok theme. They did the email list. So there's a really good amount of prep work that went into their launch being successful, and it goes a little bit against some of the Amazon stuff where, again, we probably just move really fast, and we're just like, you know, coming out the gate 1000 miles an hour. But that talk sort of challenged me to be a bit more to think about different ways to pre sell our product before we ever live, right? Tiktok is certainly a big part of that, as we think about it, we've started moving into that way in terms of steaming content and things like that before the big Amazon launch. But I thought Kat talk was really helpful, because he gave us some ideas on things that like we've just never even thought to do in terms of going to retailers first before we ever go live. So but yeah, I spent a lot of time in the in the corridors, in the hallways, talking to folks, 101, but these are sort of the hodgepodge of things that I thought was pretty awesome.

Speaker  204522:40
Yeah. So is lives something that you'd already been doing, or is and you want to start doing more of or you're going to, you want to start doing them completely now?

Speaker  206810:40
Yeah. So we are barely doing lives. I put it that way, I think we're maybe doing 30,000 a month on lives, but it's just a few affiliates that are just good at it, that are doing it, and now we're shifting into more, you know, kind of setting a goal for lives, hiring creators just to do lives, right? So it's kind of a, you know, we were in beta phase, and now we're trying to have it scale up.

Speaker  213504:00
So, so what about you, Alex, did? Did you take away stuff about the lives or other Tiktok stuff?

Speaker  215269:20
Yeah, yeah. So I was on the panel with Jason and Jared all about live. So Jason's in a situation where, if you're doing a million dollars a month, like a portion of that is going to be lives for no matter what, even if you don't even try, right? So my so he had really good stuff to talk about that with my strategy, we were a little bit more intentional about our lives. I had a lot of creators who wanted to do lives, reached out to me to do lives, and we developed a strategy based mostly on on what these creators already knew, along with some stuff that I learned at the Tiktok training that they did for MDS, they did two of them, one in New York, one in LA, two day training. And that training was mostly about how to do lives as a brand owner. So on your brand account, you use the desktop dashboard and how to run lives for your brand. You've probably seen some of these bigger brands do this, crocs, does it? Micro ingredients, does it. So I left that training thinking, like, Damn, that's awesome. One day I'm gonna do my own lives. And you know, 345, months later, haven't even touched it. Quickly figured out that everything that Tiktok taught us in regards to what we can do, you know, with the with the desktop dashboard and all that stuff a creator can do, so I basically just taught all my creators how to do all of this stuff. And a lot of them kind of were, were savvy enough to to maybe add some extra elements to it. But. Um, that's what we've been doing. So I created a team. I call them my, my all star to my live all star team. There's about a seven or eight of them in there. I have a up, up and coming, a rising star team, too, and a different we use whatsapp because Discord is for young people, and my, my avatar is older people. They don't know what Discord is. So we use whatsapp to communicate for the most part. And, yeah, we have a playbook on on how to use, how to do lives with everything Tiktok taught us. And I can, I mean, I'd be more than happy to talk about everything now, but it's probably easier just to go watch the panel that Jason and I did.

Speaker  250229:20
Awesome. Yeah, Brian, do you know is that? Is that is that recording going to be up for everyone, or will that be just for inspire people? I'm putting Brian on the spot.

Speaker  252810:40
I'm actually inquiring about that as we speak. So hang tight. Oh, alright, alright. Well,

Speaker  254842:40
yeah, hopefully I'll drop the link, but

Speaker  255946:40
I'll drop the link. I'm I think it's locked, but I think Jason and I have this say if we want it to be public.

Speaker  259056:00
Yeah, sounds awesome. So Pru I can remember that Tiktok is something that you wanted to put a big focus on. Can you give us a bit up, a bit of an update on how it's been going, what you've been trying, what's been working, not working?

Speaker  262581:20
Yeah, so I have not broken through quite like Jason has yet. Jason and I spoke in Denver about, you know, all the things we were trying and how we were not having good luck, and stuff like that. He took it a little more seriously than I did, clearly. And so we have yet to hire like someone to really manage Tiktok, and I don't have the bandwidth to do it myself, but we, what we did do is we hired a girl who just basically does Tiktok affiliate and seeds products out and gets videos, because ultimately what Tiktok shop revenue comes down to is number of impressions. And impressions come from videos being posted in it you can kind of work back from that your Tiktok shop rep can generally give you an idea based on what they see in other brands similar to yours. Of like, how many videos equal, how many impressions equals how many sales, at least, to give you an idea. So we have hired, so we're doing seating ourselves through affiliate, and we have, you know, 1000s and 1000s of active affiliates with our stuff in their shop. You know, some are better than others. We don't have the whole discord thing sorted yet again, like some of our people who make our videos are a little on the older side, and not the discord, like, like me, like, what the fuck is discord and how to use it? I have no idea something my my kid uses, you know, um. And then we also hired an agency. I did a whole post in MBs. We we used a not great agency first and quickly moved away from them. We're now using another agency, and basically have them committed to doing 10 creators, doing 30 videos a month each, so 300 videos a month through the creators. We're also not doing lives ourselves, but you always get a certain amount of lives happening. We have been more focused on meta ourselves and driving meta to Shopify. And I think with the attention we've put on Tik Tok, the attention that we've put on meta, and increasing our meta spend, and our Google spend, sort of like, uh, all of the seas are rising, so we're growing

Speaker  310693:20
very well, I'll say

Speaker  311733:20
on on all platforms, so on Shopify, on Amazon, on Tiktok shop. Everything is up. So we're continuing to do that while we find somebody that's, you know, can really own Tiktok and drive that a little more aggressively than we're doing today. But, yeah, so that's, that's kind of what we're doing on that I need, I need to get on other people's levels. Yes,

Speaker  320320:00
was the bad agency enough? Did the bad agency give you enough to show that? Okay, this is actually a good platform. We're just not, we're just not executing it well. Or was it a complete, complete car crash, and you can draw anything from

Speaker  323584:00
it. So I did that actually a whole post in MDS, just because it using these agencies can be very expensive, and if they don't perform, it's, it's, it's painful, you know, and obviously, as with any agency, you can't expect overnight success, like you have to give them time and often, like 90 days at least, to see if they know their ass from a hole in the ground. But what you should see with any agency is you should see them pivoting. You should see them doubling down on content that is working or hitting. You should see like based on what they say, you can know if they know what they're talking about or not how responsive they are, if they seem like committed to helping you grow or not. And the one I had used before was not, and they had a really good sales pitch. They had done a mogul call, but ultimately they were not a good partner. Um, so with a

Speaker  342549:20
lot, with a lot of service providers, that comes down to who's the actual person doing the work, so not the face of the brand, who's who's the one actually, who's doing it, and if that person isn't good, or they have too many people, they're too overstretched, then they they can't deliver that. That's something I've come across a few times, yeah,

Speaker  346970:40
for sure, so

Speaker  347882:40
you know. And this is the case with all agencies, not just Tiktok shop, agency. So it's just like you have to test stuff, see what works. Does it work for your brand or not? Because what works for one person may not work for you, right? It's really easy to get that fucking like shiny object. Oh, this guy's doing blah. So it's gonna work for my brand too, and it's just not true. So you have to test stuff. But ultimately, impressions at scale, whether it's on meta, whether it's on Tiktok, no matter what platform it is on a certain number of impressions is gonna get you sales. So, you know, Tiktok is a great way to do that. And I think that you need to be ready to do, you know, ads on Tiktok, like, it has to be a holistic thing, not just affiliate, not just, you know, these guys can talk to it a lot better than I can, as far as, like, the success and all of that. Like, they're far more successful than I am on Tiktok. But,

Speaker  367626:40
well, I've, I've told a few people, you know, when they ask about the creative group that we use, and I'll and I'll say, it's not, you know, there's not a magic button here. Exactly what Pru is saying. I think there are multiple pillars that can make you successful. One is just having product market fit, right? The me too. Amazon product probably doesn't work on Tiktok that well. So I think that part is key. I think the E commerce sort of shops out of it is important. So before we ever used any agencies like we I went through a course, almost like an Amazon style course, where you learn setup, you learn merchandising, you learn all the little conversion hacks with, you know, flash sales and low price and free shipping, all the things that we all do on Amazon. I think you can, you know, you could do it on Tiktok as well. And so I learned that part of it, first, before we ever started having sales, even seeding our listing, was something that I thought was super helpful in terms of just driving very low dollar sales to drop up our, you know, units and reviews and all that. So a lot of the stuff that deposit Amazon a positive Tiktok. But I think folks sometimes will try to just jump to affiliate videos and think, you know it's going to work. GMB ads, we're spending, I don't know, 80 something $1,000 $90,000 a month on GMB ads, right? So it's, it's, I think Alice said it this way. It's not like another 10% channel, right? It truly is almost like the a foundational channel that's the tip of the spear that drives everything else, right? Category managed as well, right? I think a lot of us in the health and wellness space and beauty, I think those are the two biggest on Tiktok. Now, obviously, anything else can work. I've seen like cards, storage, boxes, you know, somebody's doing the $40,000 a month with that. So anything can work. But I think from a you know, you know what probably works best or fastest? I do think health and beauty, those types of things tend to tend to play really well, but it really is a holistic you need a full playbook. And that's one of the challenges that we've had with hiring, is we hired a God who is really good at. The Creator side of it, but is clueless on the E commerce side of it, right? And so we're having to really show him all those other pieces to make it successful. But if you come with an Amazon background, you can think in a similar fashion on the E comm side and just kind of pick up the Creator training side of it.

Speaker  405200:00
So there's one thing you go ahead Alex

Speaker  405600:00
and I got a question. Sorry. Jamie, and maybe this would be the last thing on Tiktok, because I know there's a lot more talk about, about inspire, but one thing I just want to touch on quickly about what Prue said, and maybe this can help. It's not just impressions, it's good impressions. So if you have that 1000 videos that posted in a week, and every single one of those are bad videos. Each one did 700 views that you would see, we think, Oh, 700,000 impressions. That should be good. And according to the stats, that should equal X amount of sales. But if it's 1000 videos, I only got 700 views, you're probably gonna get zero sales. If you had one video do 700,000 views, you're gonna get 700 sales. So it's not just impressions, it's quality videos. So if 1000 videos together are only doing 700,000 views, the video sucked, and Tiktok didn't like the hook. People were clicking out of the video too fast and didn't convert. But one video that goes viral and does 700,000 views on its own, it's because it's really good, had a really good hook, and it converted. So be that's why the discord stuff, even though this, course, sucks, however, you can get these affiliates, like in off of Tiktok and a spot where you can communicate with them, better share hooks, train them, help them with you know, any questions they might have about the product, get them to do more than one video. Like, that's the thing that sucks about the affiliate centers. Like most of these guys are just one and done. If you can get them to do four or five videos. I mean, people should, if any affiliate is serious about what they're doing, and a lot of them aren't. They're just dabbling. If any affiliate is serious about what they're doing, they should do a video about one product 27 times before giving up on that product.

Speaker  437536:00
They've got to be they gotta be in. They gotta they gotta be all in. Yeah, so one quick question, based on what you said, and then the other question I was gonna say. So one question is, do you have any things that you send, that you send them in general, that's publicly available, like people to follow on YouTube or free courses that you send people that you think have potential, but just need to make better videos. Is there any sort of free content out there that you you tend to send to people?

Speaker  445146:40
So if I find like a creator that is that's really good at YouTube, they're trying to jump into Tiktok. Do I have content for them that could help them get going?

Speaker  447434:40
Yeah, like training or stuff like that, or not? Yet, not just about fully ready stuff, not

Speaker  448640:00
until I met Parker and I just did his, his his Mastermind course yesterday with Jonathan, three hour training, and it's good, so I'll either figure out some way to partner with him to do more trainings, or maybe just take, kind of what he taught me and do it myself. So

Speaker  455189:20
I'm not doing that yet, but I'm actually working on this with we're working with an agency, and I notice what they do is, when we launch a product, they do this, like three page document where they're, you know, they're talking about, here's the product, here's what it does. But then they offer them a list of potential hooks, and they even give them a couple script ideas. They give them the framework that works really well. And so they just go a little bit deeper into training. So I borrow that model, and I'm using it on a pet supplement that I'm launching. And everybody who's getting a getting a sample, I'm just giving them a short version of like, Hey, here's a framework that works. Here's, you know, hooks that work to avoid some of the crappy videos that Alex was talking about, because that is a very real thing in this paper, when you see some of these videos, but, but yeah, there's, I've seen a lot of these creative, creative briefs out there that tend to work, but I've never done, like, actual video training. That's something we're trying to get better at is getting on actual, you know, getting a group, getting them on calls every week, every couple weeks, to start to trade and develop a bit more,

Speaker  472613:20
right? So

Speaker  473541:20
was most of the content on Tiktok, or is that just what you guys would Is that what you guys were drawn to because that's what you're really keen to learn about at the moment,

Speaker  476746:40
I think a lot of people spoke about Tiktok. It was a pretty hot topic. There was like, providers that they did, like a breakout, uh, session on. And like agencies, essentially, that run people's tiktoks for them or provide different services. In regards to Tiktok, obviously Tiktok had, like, a couple big boosts there, like the Tiktok live team and stuff like that. So I feel like there was a lot of about Tiktok, and I feel like that's the case. It like almost a lot of Amazon Seller events these days. Honestly,

Speaker  487285:20
you know, it's potentially the biggest needle mover that most people have access to, right the chance to really double or triple your sales the year, to really, really get the word out there about your products. And it's just, it's where people are spending a lot of time as well, I guess, right, yeah, it

Speaker  492010:40
is. And there's, there's different ways to do it, and that's something that I think is really cool on the Amazon front. I think most of us largely followed a similar model, maybe just, you know, some different flavors to it, whereas on Tiktok, there's multiple ways to be successful. So I think that lends to different folks speaking about their approach to it. I know Fernando did a really good session, and he has some software out there that's really cool, but he sort of did a really cool breakdown of, here's how to grow this channel Bootstrap, right? And then here's how to grow it if you have more money, right? And I thought that was a really good way to sort of condense a lot of different strategies into a path that works for you based on where you are. I thought that was cool. There was a non tit talk. Now that I think about it on it's a pretty big session on hiring. And I didn't, I didn't catch the full thing, but it seemed like there's some conversation about folks who are trying to build their team either go from zero to one or to sort of scale their team. And I stepped in that one a bit late, but it seemed to be a really good talk that I wish I would have seen more. Was anybody a part of that one through or Alex? I caught

Speaker  509082:40
the tell with hiring operations, with with Eugene. This

Speaker  510170:40
way, yeah, Eugene was up front. He was on, like, team building, yeah, yeah. I

Speaker  511338:40
caught the tail end of it because I was, I was next, but um, it seemed pretty good. I'm gonna watch pretty much every I was going through some of the calls today. It kind of blows my mind how some of these calls only have 1015, views. Like everybody should be watching every single if there's 160 members there, there's no way you saw every single presentation. Go back and watch every single one like they're there. They're chilling free. Like so many times you go to events and you're just like, Oh man, I just wish I could have, like, you know, seen, seen it all, or there's more of me to do. Well now you can, you know, I think Fernando's calling has, like, or Fernando's presentation, I have like, 16 views so far. Like, everyone needs to get on that. This is free gold. And

Speaker  522917:20
I do think from a structure perspective, this time, they did a lot of like, one on one coffee chats, things like that. So it's maybe a little bit less of just going to one big room and everybody being able to choose your own adventure. I know David Sanborn, who was on the call, was just on Shark Tank A couple weeks ago, so I think he was a pretty popular domain that probably gave it to the value. David, are you here? Put you

Speaker  529264:00
on the spot there? Yeah, yeah, I'm hiding, but yeah, I'm here.

Speaker  530128:00
Anything else you picked up? Man, that maybe we haven't brought up? No, I

Speaker  531248:00
actually just missed the part of the call because I got a call from a manufacturer, so I missed the whole center, center part of this one. But no, I mean everything on Tiktok, and we're implementing everything, Jason, obviously sharing a ton of value, and, yeah, live through the next on us as well. So I heard you say that at the beginning, yeah, I think it's, it's clear that Tiktok is obviously pushing that as

Speaker  536789:20
well. So yeah, so I thought the structure was really cool. And I didn't do any of the coffee chats, but I talked with a lot of people on the one but I think the this event was a little bit different than some of our summits, where it's mostly larger group. And this one, you had your large group, you had your smaller, you know, workshops, and then you had some of those one on one sessions. And that was kind of a newer, newer thing that I thought was pretty cool,

Speaker  542746:40
awesome. Do you think Brian that that will be rolled out in Milan and future events as well? Kind of mixture

Speaker  544336:00
of I am certain of it. So one of the things that I'll share with the group here is, you know, when you get those post event survey questionnaires, I won't ask for a show of hands, but by a show of hands, who fills those out? Hopefully everybody, because we literally review in detail all that feedback, especially the critical feedback, and make battlefield changes for each event. So some of the stuff that came up from this past inspire was lot of lot of high regard for those coffee chats. So you'll definitely be seeing those again. A lot of a lot of positive feedback on the kind of smaller group session type stuff as well. So definitely, you'll you'll be seeing more of that in future.

Speaker  555722:40
How does a coffee chat work? Is it what someone like Parker, who people want to speak to, will just kind of be like, I'm going to sit at this table book

Speaker  557450:40
a client? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So there's people that volunteer to host the chat, like experts and whatever it is, hiring, buying and selling businesses, product launches, Tech Talk, you name it. Right? And then you as an attendee, get the book time with that person, individually to go, you know, just have a one on one, if you will, with that individual. And so I don't remember how many sessions we had, but we had probably 10 or 12 simultaneous coffee chats going on at one point where people were just in this other area of the event, having those one on ones or two on ones, you know, if they brought their business partners, whatever. So

Speaker  566677:20
yeah, because sometimes that time in between events can be a bit pot luck. You might just happen into, like, the most amazing conversation that will completely change your life. Or you can just sort of drift around having a nice time seeing people, which is cool, but you can sometimes, sometimes not get the most valuable afternoon or slot in between. So it's quite cool, if you can give people a chance to be a bit more deliberate about who they want to

Speaker  572602:40
talk to encourage you to volunteer to actually host a coffee chat as well. If, if you attend one of our events where we're where we're doing those, the people that we're hosting the coffee chats also provided positive feedback about being the host for the coffee chats. So

Speaker  576768:00
sometimes at events, there are, like, slightly higher profile people that I want to talk to, but I see they're always talking to someone. So I sort of miss my miss my shop. Like I remember once I wanted to talk to Mike Beckham when he was at an event, but, like, this is a crowd of people around him. Like I couldn't bring myself to just wait around and see was free, so it would have been quite cool if I could have just signed up, signed up somewhere, to sort of deliberately have a conversation. That's a That's an awesome idea. So Guido says Fernando's dashboard is good. So Guido, yeah. Do you want to say what, what you like about hive, HQ, and anything you got from the event,

Speaker  587482:40
I didn't get a chance to go to inspire unfortunately. So hopefully you guys had a good time. The dashboard has been really helpful, because we didn't have a way to track, you know, sort of revenue, affiliate, GMV, things like that. So it puts it all in one easy place. And, you know, the other cool thing, since it's Fernando's, you can probably, you know, maybe get him to add features that you need. So it's really useful. It's been super helpful for us.

Speaker  595920:00
Thanks. Vito, so what, where was people's overall sort of sentiment at like, I get in the piece that get the feeling that people are like, Yeah, I want to carry on doing Amazon, but I really want to be multi channel now. Or Amazon's only really optimal for a quite a small subsection of products. I'm seeing people you know, they ever want to get out of E commerce completely, or they want to only do Amazon if it's that absolute perfect product, or they want to move more multi channel retail? Tick tock. Where would you say? Prue, that you feel like the sentiment was that what people are saying,

Speaker  608218:40
Well, I'm a very opinionated person, so I would say that, like anyone

Speaker  609728:00
at least said that at least it's true.

Speaker  611632:00
Look, any platform to work long term starts with a good product. You have to have a good product, or if you're or you're going to get bad reviews, and and then it just goes downhill from there. And and in addition to that, you should also have a good brand. And I think brand people overlook, you know, and look, a lot of us started as opportunists and got in Amazon when it was like early days, and it was easier, and it was the Wild West and blah, blah, blah, all the stories we have. It's not like that anymore, you know. And the people who will endure through through the tariff shenanigans and all the other stuff are the people who have good products and a good, strong brand, and so if you don't have that, yes, can you buy hook or buy Croke make money on Amazon or make money on Tiktok shop? Yeah, you can, absolutely. But the real asset in doing all of this work is ultimately probably an exit, or, if you want to make it like a legacy brand, or something like that, then, then whatever generational type brand, um, but the big paydays and the life changing things come when you exit, and if you're going to exit these days, like there Ain't no more thrasios Buying revenue or buying a best selling Asin. It's all about brand and good products, and, you know, intellectual properties and like something like that. So I think that people who are really struggling and where you hear stuff like i. I want to get off of Amazon and whatever are the people who don't have a strong brand, who don't have the margin to support a brand, who have me too type products that they were maybe, and look, there's in early days, there's no wrong way to do Amazon. People made millions doing arbitrage. People made millions with me too. Products. People made millions with a great brand like it this. These more recent times have sort of created a separation in the men from the boys, if you will. So to me, it takes a little bit of, like, looking internally and going and being real with yourself, and maybe having a little come to Jesus with yourself, of like, what do I have here? And it doesn't mean that you know you need to walk away from it, if it's not a strong brand and a great product, it means you need to start pivoting now and figure out how to get there. You know what I mean? And I think everybody it, if you've, if you've done well enough to make it into MDs, you should be bright enough to have these conversations, even if it's tough, and go, Okay, where do we go from here and pivot maybe? But yeah, that's my two cents about it. I obviously, I've heard the sentiment of people being like, Fuck Amazon, blah, blah, blah. And every platform has its challenges, you know, but I think that ultimately you have to come back to the product and the brand.

Speaker  668730:40
Can I? Can I make a follow up comment?

Speaker  669562:40
So thank you for saying that, Pru and you know, I would also say something that you, you squeezed in there. And I'll just highlight because I've made this mistake is not reaching out to this community for help. Don't, don't be like old Brian. Be like new Brian and ask for help. And especially if you're feeling like you're trapped and you're in a really dark spot, business wise or personal, reach out for help. I promise you, you will. You will be pleased that you did. So if you're in that space and you're feeling really freaked out right now for whatever reason, please, please, please reach out.

Speaker  680949:20
Well, yeah, I think it is worth remembering that generally, we're not getting the free, easy ride that we were on Amazon four or five years ago. So a lot more people are, are struggling now, and do need to make do. Need to make difficult decisions. It's just the kind of reality. You know, at these events, you'll always see people that are crushing. But the reality is, a lot of people, you know, a few people have gone out of business. A lot of people are close to it. A lot of people have difficult decisions to make at the moment. So these kind of events, you do get the opportunity to get to get some input and get sounding boards. And obviously you get an opportunity to do that virtually in MDS as well, which I think is really important. David had a question, which was, Did anyone get access to the Amazon FBA dashboard that the Amazon team said we would be able to see in, check in, where we'd be able to check in times at each warehouse.

Speaker  695957:20
Has anyone seen that?

Speaker  697301:20
They did mention that. I remember the mention. I'm like, Is this one of those Amazon projects gonna take a year to roll out? Or,

Speaker  699045:20
yeah, you got to be careful. If you promise something at an event, you really, you've really got to be able to

Speaker  700538:40
make a note to follow up with those guys and find out. Let's follow

Speaker  701450:40
up with them. I will. Chad says I would take half my profit so I didn't have to deal with Amazon. Yeah, Amazon is a tough partner, but I think also a lot of people find that then with other platforms, they run into issues as well, right? You get banned from meta ads. Is crazy difficult to get back on. And, yeah, Tiktok certainly presents some unique challenges being a newer platform as well, right? Fossil, so you never know could disappear in the States this year. Who knows?

Speaker  711813:20
Yeah, so real quick to that end, because that's something that we've been thinking about, is what happens if it were to go away? I think for us, we think about it two ways. One, Tiktok is a global platform, just like Amazon. So sure you would love for us to be there, but if it's not, there is Tiktok UK, there is Tiktok Mexico, right? So you know, just as you can grow your business by going international with Amazon, nothing stops you from doing the same with Tiktok, right? I know for us, our Spanish videos kill it. So we were up. Looking into Mexico to see if that's something that made sense for us. But the probably the bigger conversation here is, is not so much about the platform. I told my team, we lean into affiliate marketing and short, short, real video, right? And so how do we take that discipline or marketing strategy and apply that to different channels? And so we're starting to test out this similar for DTC, social Snowball is what we're starting to mess around with. It's been around forever. We've never really taken it seriously. But now we're starting to right, because if we can unlock affiliate marketing, regardless of channel, right? We're not as reliant on just, you know, on just Tiktok being around. I so

Speaker  732442:40
I had a great question. Well, I forgot it now, but Yeah, Alex, do you want to weigh in on what's been said in the last sort of 10

Speaker  734154:40
minutes or so? Yeah? Yeah. I wanted to

Speaker  735594:40
basically add on to what Prue was saying. I mean, it's so true. I mean, that that she couldn't have said it better. All the people that are struggling right now and have this, you know, super sour taste in their mouth, complaining about placement fees. And don't get me wrong, I complain about it too, but placement fees, tariffs, all that stuff, you know, it's, it's kind of crazy how the old Amazon game is over. If you need a brand like this is all about branding. Now, you know, imagine going to these events. You know, Amazon's Walmart. Now, like, you know, if you have, if Walmart was to be holding an event and we'd all be going there, we probably wouldn't be talking about, you know, weird hacks and Black Hat stuff. I mean, Amazon was at this event three, four years ago. We wouldn't even invite them if they asked. They couldn't pay us to show up to this event, right? Because we're talking about some gray hat shit that we don't need them to know about, giveaways, rebates, manipulation, buying shit. Now they're there, right? So we're so beyond the point of, you know me too, products, and we're so in this phase of, we need to be building a brand that, at one of our first inspire events since Tiktok blown up, we invited Tiktok right away. Yeah. I mean, that would have never happened with Amazon. Biting was Amazon at the first MDS event guarantee they weren't. So, yeah, sure, those days are over. And you know, those were fun days, and we're all going to miss it, for sure. But you know, I had an issue with one of my listings on tick tock it. We were, like, 12 days into 11 days in to my, one of my products being taken off the affiliate board I and there was a tick tock stand there at Inspire. I walked right up to the Tick Tock lady and talked to her for about 30 minutes. And the next day, my am was fired, and my product was back up. So, like, that's, you know, there's some opportunity here. But you know, you need to be building a brand. You need to be building something serious. This is in the Me too. Garlic press. Days are over. Yeah, I think a lot of

Speaker  772176:00
you are back in the day. You know, you've gone in 2015 2016 you're selling laptop stands, stone cases, whatever, just by getting in early and executing at least average you've had that kind of first mover advantage, right? And you could, you could really start, but now, unless your laptop stands are the absolute best and your brand kicks ass, you've been destroyed by the Chinese destroyed by the Chinese competition. And guarantee a lot of us that have been selling for a long time probably abandoned a lot of the products that we had back then because they just became, they became untenable. Exactly So Saudi a me too. Product is a bit like saying, Okay, I see a lot of people are selling aluminum water bottles at the moment. I see they're popular. I'm just gonna sell. I'll just sell something that's pretty, pretty similar to what already exists, yes, right

Speaker  784912:00
next to my dog bed with the same brand name. Like, I'm

Speaker  786128:00
not really going to innovate at all. I'm just, I'm just going to put something out. But I can work if it's really hot and you're quite early, but otherwise it's otherwise, it doesn't really work that well anymore, even if you're one of the first now the b2 people can come along and just destroy all your margins, bring all the prices down. Um, cool. Um, Jason, any final thoughts for us before we go? Anything we didn't cover, anything you'd like to

Speaker  793301:20
add? Yeah, I don't know if there's anything I would add. I would I think we're probably all say the same thing. I would say this, though we talked about AI as well. That was something else that came up. And there's 1000 you know, applications of it, but one of them, there's a, there's company there called super, super fuel.io, I think, I think it was, and I think their premise is to assume. Actually have your Amazon VA, be all AI, right? So the platform seems a little bit early, but I love the thought process behind it in terms of keyword optimization, listing optimization, image stack optimization, things like that, right? That you might try to be able to do. So AI is a big part of it, but I wouldn't say with, I've had some conversations recently with folks on a from a tariff perspective, and, you know, just kind of dealing with all of that. And I went right into Grog and found them, you know, seven or eight new suppliers that were that were outside of China. And so I agree with what everybody else is saying, man, but I think for me, it's, you know, I have four kids to feed and put through college, and all that quitting is not an option regardless of what happens, you know, what comes down. And so for me, I'm always thinking about, like, alright, like, what, what is the next best thing for us to do? When, when titok was going down, right? You know, sure, I cried about it, but what's the next best thing that we have to do? And so I think that sort of type of thinking for me keeps me out of fear and worry and anxiety and more focused on what is the biggest lever that I have to move forward. But yeah, I agree with everything that proven out of said so far,

Speaker  819792:00
awesome. I've got a question about using AI for videos. Do you guys think that that's something is, is really gonna have real legs, that you can have a completely AI produced video and it's gonna do really well? Or do you think that that's just a side thing, and people are gonna be really wanting to be connect, connecting with real person?

Speaker  825941:20
I think people are crushing it with these AI videos. I don't know if that can be the foundation of your channel. I mean, for for some maybe it is. We're not really doing it right now. I'm trying to figure it out, but I do know that that is, that is a play that's out there that seems to be working really well. I would, I would argue for us. I want that to be supplemental to what we're doing, right? I want us to have a genuine team of creators that are, Mom, you know, our true ambassadors that are selling our products, and they were able to kind of, you know, have a cherry on top with the AI stuff. But I do think there are folks out there that are making bake with it. I'm just not one of them.

Speaker  835216:00
Yeah, the AI is getting it's getting better and better by the day. And there are people absolutely murdering it with with AI on on Tiktok. Quick plug. We are doing Tiktok call tomorrow, 10am PST, so we could have probably talked about Tiktok all day, on on this call. But if you want to talk more about Tiktok tomorrow, 10am we'll do that on Tiktok channel. But yeah, AI, it's, uh, again, I agree with Jason. It wouldn't want it, you wouldn't want it to be the only thing you're doing. But what is good about it is it's cheap, super cheap. You can, you can do it on your own. You don't have to pay retainers to real humans, and you can test it massively, super fast. So it is getting better. It's still a little, you know, not 100% but it's, it's getting really good to where you can't even tell that it's not a real person. Great.

Speaker  850064:00
Alex, any other final thoughts before we head off?

Speaker  852272:00
I'm good. I think, I think carousels are another easy way to go of things to test, and you can use AI imagery for carousel. I know a lot of people who get really good traction with carousels if they have access to posting them. Not everybody does next slide shows, yeah, slideshows, yeah. Sorry, maybe that's what they call them on Tiktok, like, where it's just still photos, where you have to swipe. And I think the reason it works so well, especially if you sequence them properly again, the algorithm looks at like, how long are you keeping somebody there? How many swipes Are you getting? So as long as you sequence them and whatever text you put on them keeps the suspense portion going before you give the payoff. And if anybody understands that, the algorithm for Tiktok Parker is like, so nerded out about it. But, yeah, I think it's worth a shot. I know a lot of people getting just massive and massive amounts of views, and I've had a creator who was a nobody, who actually, I wouldn't even call her a creator. She was like a random customer who had a Tiktok account and posted one of our products was like slide number six in her slideshow of of eight things, she had 2000 followers, got 75,000 views, which isn't a ton in the grand scheme of things, and that drove like $57,000 in incremental sales for us. Yes, and we were like, deep in her slideshow. So I think that it's another thing to test again. It's all about the structure of the content. And hers were just still imagery. They weren't even great, like photos. It was just her hand holding the product like she never tagged us, like, we forever were, like, what's driving these sales? Like, and it took us a bit to find the post. But my whole point is, as long as you structure that right, like, that's also an easier way, in my opinion, because imagery is is easy with AI for sure.

Speaker  891978:40
Hey guys, so hopefully some of you guys can make Milan also, if you if you're not on a Tiktok channel and you want to join bonsak, but then, or maybe Belen can put something in the chat. Also WhatsApp channel, we'll put another thing in there. But also, most importantly, if you guys could just give me some feedback on the air table. So we just asked for a rating of the call out of 10, because if you like calls like this, I can arrange more. And if you let us know what, if you let me know what you like, I review all of this feedback every month. I go through it with Brian and Belen, and that's how I make decisions about what other calls to book. But sounds like I need to get Parker on. I need to get a couple more Tiktok calls going, and maybe some more, some more AI as well. Because, you know, we have, we have headwinds with Amazon, challenges with Amazon, it's just more and more expensive, more and more difficult. But we also have big opportunities from Tiktok. We have opportunities from AI, and there's always opportunities in your niche, whatever you sell, and there's always new ideas in your own, your own creativity. So hopefully we'll see you guys. Hope to see a lot of you guys in Milan. It's always good to come and visit a new city. Um, would love to see there. And you get these kind of just, you're having these kind of conversations all day in real life. It's great. It's awesome fun. So you can sort of get a feeling for where your business should be, and just have, like, a really fun few days. So all that's in there. Thank you, Alex, thank you. Prue, thank you, Jason, thanks guys for coming on. Really appreciate it and give me some stuff to think about myself. So yeah, this recording should be up tomorrow,

Speaker  918469:20
see you guys later. Bye, see you guys. Bye.
