MDS TikTok Channel Call
Date: May 22, 2025

Speaker  3888:00
Door. I'm

Speaker  7557:20
it's getting so cold here that I'm coming up with something or really,

Speaker  9173:20
oh yeah, because like winter down there for you guys. Yes,

Speaker  9861:20
it's how

Speaker  10229:20
cold does it get?

Speaker  10933:20
Not that cold, but, yeah,

Speaker  11354:40
I

Speaker  12810:40
think the colder it gets is like, Oh, I don't even know far ahead, but I guess it's like 20, I don't know. Yeah,

Speaker  15258:40
I'm not sure what that but let me see I know that's pretty decent temperature on the AC,

Speaker  17104:00
yeah, Celsius we get like five degrees,

Speaker  18496:00
okay, yeah, yeah, 6868 so, I mean, that's kind of cold, yeah? I

Speaker  22613:20
Let's see I

Speaker  27834:40
so everyone that's already here, I know we're two minutes past 10, we're just gonna we'll get started here in a second, but we'll give everyone a little bit more time, because we kind of last minute reminded everybody about it. So those that are here early, thanks a bunch for making it on time. We'll see what kind of turnout we get. But either way, every time I take a call, even if it's just a one on one little powwow, talking to TikTok, it's always super good. You always learn something new. So the fact that there's already, I don't know six of us here. We'll get some good stuff out of it. I'm excited to see what's working for you guys. Share what's been share what's what I've been doing for the past month. So yeah, we'll get started here soon.

Speaker  41461:19
Yes, I was on a call with TikTok shop people like couple minutes ago, and they told me more about the boot camp. And also they open up the possibility for people who are making more than 5 million a year on TikTok to have their account manager there. And if, even if one of you is at that spot, I think that would be really, really useful for all of us for our monthly calls, because apparently they give out the best advice of what's working and algorithms and everything else. So if any of you are interested in that, let me know, and I can set it up for you.

Speaker  55077:19
That's cool. My Well, my temporary account manager had reached out to me to let me know that there was a special program for those doing 10 million or more across the board, it didn't have to only be TikTok, so if you want to just send her a screenshot of Amazon or even Shopify and TikTok add it all up, then they would get you approved. So I wonder if this 5 million that they're talking about possibly doing is the same if it's just TikTok only, or if it's everything, because that'd be, maybe

Speaker  66032:00
it's everything, in that case, that's easier.

Speaker  66911:59
Yeah, that'd be awesome. Because, you know, I think MDS on average, we're at 8.6 or eight point so that that'd be good. That'd be good for for most of us,

Speaker  69717:19
and is it like a special type of account manager or just a regular because I think anybody

Speaker  71189:20
is special. Yeah, let me, let me, let me read what she told me. Um, yeah, because regular Kat, I have a regular account manager. Now. It doesn't take much to get a regular account manager, and they're not like the best, they're actually kind of useless. So she told me, let's see here.

Speaker  77354:40
Now, apparently these account managers were like the ones that you wanted to have,

Speaker  78698:40
yeah, yeah, the ones we've been asking for says, I can nominate your shop to a strategic key seller pool, and you will get extra support and subsidies from platform

Speaker  82128:00
because my account, my initial account manager, he was pretty good, like proactively messaging me, telling me of new things that TikTok is doing, like adding TikTok official as your account. In your advertising account, adding them as a partner, and then they run like promotions, like free ads to your products on their money, on their dime, so stuff like that, which he then, I think, left TikTok or something. And I have another one that's like Mia most of the time, but yeah, I think there's like a depends on who you get. I guess.

Speaker  92746:40
Who was it? Was it Brian? No, let me

Speaker  95114:40
see, yeah,

Speaker  95418:40
what was my Brian? Brian Gilmore, no,

Speaker  96336:00
I had had a different one. Let me see you communicate with them and lark, Yeah, Alex, is that okay? Yes, same.

Speaker  100192:00
Yeah, Brian, Brian, he's gone as well. That's why I thought maybe it was the same guy, but he wasn't. He wasn't that good, as it sounds like your guy was. But no, yeah, that's cool for those of you guys that are just joining. Belen was telling us about a call that she just had today about TikTok possibly rolling out a strategic account manager for accounts that are doing 5 million. So I don't know if any of you were on the call yesterday for the TikTok boot camp that we started yesterday, but that number was 10 million, and now it's looking like they're going to make something happen for those doing 5 million. And this is, this is, you know, small sample size, but I was told that that number is like your total number. So you can, you can screenshot your Amazon numbers and your Shopify numbers and TikTok numbers. I don't know if that's the case for what Belen is saying. Maybe they are going to be, well, if your TikTok alone is doing five, then we can make an exception, so we'll see. We'll get, we'll get more info soon, but that could be really good.

Speaker  119333:20
Yeah, I didn't clarify. I thought it was five just for TikTok, but I'm gonna ask them again. And as for the bootcamp, if you are in fashion, you should sign up in the link that I'm sharing right now, and there are going to be a bunch of webinars. You'll be invited to a large channel where you'll get to speak with people if you have any issues or if you have any questions, and they are going to send a bunch of emails with information, and you'll get probably access to that account manager if you also end up over 5 million. But the emails just to keep people in the loop of what's working what's not. So if you are in fashion, that will be a really, really useful place and valuable place for you to be.

Speaker  134885:20
Yeah, I'm excited for it. We're not even technically in fashion. I think one of my brands kind of qualifies. But I'm excited for it. For sure, it should be, it should be really good. It's like five, five week boot camp. I think

Speaker  138405:20
in order to you need to register through the link that I sent you. I'm going to send it to you on the channel and by email so nobody loses it, but that's the way to get in, because it's going to be on their platform and things. So I won't have any more influence over how you get to join and everything. It's just signing up on that link that I sent you. Cool,

Speaker  146304:00
yeah, definitely take advantage of that, guys. If this applies to you, when, when Ian and dimitrio put together the the event at TikTok headquarters for the live training. It was freaking awesome, man, like it was. It was just a game changer for for my business, being able to apply everything they taught us over just two days. And this is going to be five days, well, I guess five hours, but over five weeks. So the content should be pretty good. It's always good to kind of hear it from, you know, from TikTok themselves. They're not gonna give you all the hacks, but, you know, they'll hand that stuff, which is pretty cool. I think we got a pretty good turnout here. It's already 1010. Do we have any slides or any

Speaker  158330:40
I can bring them out, but we don't have any agenda for today.

Speaker  159322:40
Okay, cool. Or, yeah, no housekeeping or anything. If you haven't signed up yet for Milan, hopefully you guys are coming. Should be a good one. It's gonna be a ton of fun. Let's see. So how's everyone doing here? We are TikTok shop. It's been a month since we last talked. We're gonna do these every fourth Thursday of the month. Keep it going, keep it consistent. And you know, things are just changing always so fast. I think it's important that we stay super active on the channel as well as attend these calls and just share what's working for us. And yeah, man, just just, I'm an open book when it comes to everything TikTok. Some of you guys may know that already, you can book a 30 minute call with me anytime you want, and I love talking about this stuff, so let's shoot it off. Man, how's everyone doing? Dan, how's everything going for you?

Speaker  174874:39
Well, still kind of slow. I'm hoping that this new launch that I'm putting a lot of prepping into, will will work out from, from what I see the trends on TikTok and whatnot, I think like having a proper angle, like a marketing angle, and developing a product for that is, is the way to go with TikTok, because one of my products, it's good, but there's nothing like that stands out about it, right? But you can, you can properly package a thing that has good benefits, but a unique marketing angle that I think a lot of affiliates can be excited about it easy to promote it, even you're using your own in house creators, if you have any. So I think going forward, that's going to be kind of my tactic is just developing products for for a marketing angle specifically, is

Speaker  191866:40
that going to be like, you're going forward for your entire business? Like, yeah,

Speaker  193328:00
I think yeah, because it's, it's gonna work the same way on Amazon, I believe, yeah, if it works

Speaker  195120:00
on TikTok, if it

Speaker  195439:59
works on TikTok. And you can just, in this two pictures, illustrated on Amazon, and just PPC against, you know, the top, whoever is already doing good on TikTok, for example, they're driving a ton of traffic to Amazon. There's a potential to, you know, convert that sale, yeah, that traffic that's already rushing in from TikTok. So going forward, I think that's, that's kind of like the and I'm new to supplements. I think my first supplement I launched less than a less than a year ago, so I counted like a copycat stuff. So whatever is working, I'm like, Okay, I'll do that, but like, you know, add a few more ingredients to make it a little different, but no specific like angle that would work, like, in from just a affiliate's perspective, like, Okay, well, what is this going to do to me? So going forward, it's all about like, Okay, how is this going to work with in affiliates hands? Like, how are they going to promote it from their perspective? So, yeah, that's kind of like, what I'm doing right now is deep in r, d, we're looking at what trends, where's everything going and developing products for that cool,

Speaker  216357:20
what's, uh, What's everyone's like when we talk about launching on TikTok, What's everyone's launch strategy? You know, on on Amazon, we kind of had that nailed down. It changes from time to time. But you know, as always, you know, rattle off as many sales as you can in the beginning. Search, find buys, rebate key, you know, all that good stuff, Viral Launch back in the day, and reviews were the worthy social proof. It's different on TikTok. So What's everyone doing for their, their their cold start. I guess you can call it or launch. What's the what's the plan for that?

Speaker  226992:00
Developed one? I'm thinking friends and family, buying like 20 items, leaving some reviews right now. I noticed the review provider that we use for Shopify reviews.io, is also integrated with TikTok. So what we're going to do is we're going to get some reviews on our website and then link the products for to TikTok. So day one, even though the products not we don't have in hand, we're going to get some reviews from friends and family on our website, on the reviews.io, plugin, link it, link it up, and so that we can launch with like at least 25 reviews day one on TikTok. Yeah, that can help too.

Speaker  238730:40
I've used,

Speaker  239082:39
oh, go ahead. I would say I used Celico recently, and that I had a pretty good review rate from them. I think I got about like 60% of the orders that people placed. They also left reviews. So that was pretty nice. And yeah, I was happy with that. But I'm pretty new to TikTok, but with my first product I've been trying, like, the spray and fire with samples, just giving out a bunch of samples, and the quality for the content has just been, like, not very great. So right now I've from that I found like, three creators that, like, made some pretty good videos, and now I'm just trying to connect with them further and have them make, like, recurring videos. But I'm kind of at that point where I hit like, a little block where I'm like, Okay, if I just keep giving out samples, I don't think this is going to go anywhere. I need to, like, get past that.

Speaker  256138:39
Yeah, yeah. So, let me ask you, Ryan, when you did that sample strategy through the affiliate center, how many sales did your product have when you started?

Speaker  259743:59
Yeah, when I started it, it was at like, maybe 10, yeah. But then I was reaching out to more as I had my stellaco campaign going, so now I have about 100 on it. Maybe like 50, natural 50 from sell ago.

Speaker  264197:20
Yeah.

Speaker  264549:19
But yeah, I definitely saw, like, better creators come in as the that number. So I'm thinking for the next product, and like, moving forward, definitely I'd have, like, do that sell a co campaign before get like, those reviews and sales, before I even start reaching out to creators for samples or Dan, I like your strategy, like being able to get reviews from day one if you have it from your website, that's pretty cool, but it seemed like ineffective to just give free samples away with zero sales.

Speaker  273759:59
Yeah, giving away free giving away samples as that worked, like last year, around this time, when there were less affiliates and less brands on TikTok, you can give away like 200 and like, something would hit and that was working. That's why the bots were invented, because it was like, oh shit, this works. But now there are just way too many brands and way too many affiliates, and the good affiliates that are going to sell for you, they're getting bombarded with these messages. They're not even responding to them. They're not even answering them or seeing them so and then the good affiliates also know that they have like, a score, just like our our stores have a score or a health score. So do they as creators, and they get dinged when they market products that don't have sales or aren't good products, so they're not looking to the good ones, right? So anyone who sees your message sees your product and you have zero sales, they're probably not good if, and they're requesting a sample, they don't know what they're doing, right? Because who would promote a product that has no sales. Like, do they really think they're that good? They're gonna be the first ones to figure it out. Most people are gonna promote a product that they see sales on. They're like, Oh, sweet. Someone already figured this out. I just need to find that video and copy it like someone who's savvy enough to know that you should be giving your sample to but if they see zero sales and they're requesting a sample, most likely they just like your product and they want free shit. Product and they want free shit. Got it

Speaker  299994:40
so wait. So how are you finding like those creators are using tools to find those creators to work with? Well,

Speaker  302890:40
so you can, so you would want to just get to, you know, 500 sales as fast as possible, right? I know it sounds crazy. You don't want to do that with Celico, but I still think the best strategy is to get the thing I don't accept about Celica is you don't get you don't get videos. So I don't know how much cell code costs, but for me, join brands is the way to go. You get 100 videos for 2500 bucks, and you got 100 videos that you can run Max GMV to. We've all thrown away money like crazy with bio launch or rebate key, right? Just do the math. It's the same thing. Run Max GMV on those 100 videos, you're gonna get sales. You might you're gonna lose money. You know, it's not going to be profitable, but you're gonna get sales. Once you have 500 sales, then you turn on the bot, you have 100 videos out there from 100 different people that people will see when they see your message from the bot and they're like, oh, yeah, this this brand is hitting it hard, Celico, you're gonna have 100 sales, no videos, or however many Celico videos you buy.

Speaker  320010:40
Yeah? Because salico is just purchases. Yeah, it's just

Speaker  320672:00
purchases. You get nothing else. Are the joys of joint brands. Some of those joint brands guys will leave reviews too. I wouldn't, I wouldn't push reviews, but some just to

Speaker  323056:00
quickly chime in on that. And I think Leo just posted in the chat. But I have about a 50% success rate from asking creators for reviews. And the way I do it, I just ask, yeah, it would be super helpful if you could leave an honest product review on TikTok shop, and most of them do leave it, so that's worked pretty well for me.

Speaker  330101:20
Peter, are those creators that you like? How did you initially contact those creators? Was that, like, join brands or join brands?

Speaker  332394:40
Yeah, yeah. So I bought a blast pack, and basically, after I would leave a five star review for the creators, assuming they weren't just absolute dog shit, I would then say, Thank you for the content, it would be super helpful if you'd be willing to leave an honest product review for us on TikTok shop. And you know, if they get a five star review from you, chances are they're not going to leave you like a three or two star, right? So that's that's been my experience, got it, and I think especially one more thing, the newer creators, so ones that'll have, like, you know, hundreds of jobs that they've done. I mean, I wouldn't necessarily ask those people, but the newer ones should be fine, because chances are they're probably not being asked by a ton of people yet to leave reviews on your product.

Speaker  347626:40
Also, guys, don't get hang up hung up on reviews. I have a product that has like 12 reviews, but it has like we're reaching couple hundreds in sales already. So reviews, I don't think they matter as much as on Amazon, because if they come across a video and the person seems trustworthy and they're recommending your product, they will buy it with, yeah,

Speaker  353888:00
when

Speaker  354320:00
we launched this product that I'm talking with 12 reviews. We launched it with the live stream creator. It had zero sales, zero reviews, and she sold like 150 units in her first live stream from zero. So, like, that's another way to, like, start, start a SKU or an item on TikTok, is just have a good live streamer, go live and run instead of giving away a product, you're actually selling it for. Like, we ran flash sales for anywhere from like 199 to like 999, depending on how much people were buying. And like, usually we went with, like a four unit flash sale. So like, four available from 199 and like, one person buys them all within like 10 seconds of us turning on a flash sale. So like, people will buy cheap crap, and if they get it for cheap. So it's a real buyer, they get it for cheap. It gets fulfilled. They leave a review on their own. We're not even asking for reviews, so that's a good way to get, like, the initial sales, a couple 100 sales, and also you'll get the reviews on their own.

Speaker  372944:00
Yeah, no, I will. I'll double down on that as well. But I wouldn't worry too much about reviews, the reviews, they'll come so I almost wouldn't even risk asking joint brands or sell co people believe reviews if it you know, because that is black hat, technically, you're not supposed to. I mean, TikTok is, TikTok is mostly former Amazon employees, right? They they know all the tricks. So they might be letting that slide a little bit now, but I've heard some stories. Correct me if I'm wrong, Ian, I think maybe you or Eugene told me accounts getting shut down for for that, I

Speaker  382874:40
haven't heard anything on TikTok side. You know, they don't seem to care even like talking to officer like, oh yeah, just ask the Ask the buyers for reviews, you know. So I think that's so far still good. Like, I think TikTok is just mostly concerned with driving GMV to show investors, you know, and the public that they're like a marketplace so they don't care about all the other stuff behind the scenes and incentivize purchases yet. So, you know, take that with a grain of salt, and then, just to clarify, like, what I always tell people on the phone is, you know, if you're going to do a campaign you want to get reviews, don't go for the creators that are amazing, that have tons of reviews. Go for new creators and just segregate your campaigns this, this campaign is for reviews. I'm one only new, new platform creators that have never been asked by another seller for a review before. You want to be the first one, not the 10th one, right? Yeah. You know, join brands is abused in that way sometimes, you know, so just be smart when you're doing this. Like, you know, there's 300 people signing up to be creators that join brands every single day or more. So like, there's an unlimited amount of new people to hit up. Don't, don't, don't, do the ones that have the great reviews, go for the other one. Then go for the higher level creators or whatever to get better content. So it's like, you know, go for cheap creators to get the reviews. Go for experienced creators to get good content with audiences that are in your niche, to get, you know, potential sales and potential affiliates that know Right? There's like, certain levels.

Speaker  406357:20
Ian, do you guys have a sorting feature by GMV where it shows how much we

Speaker  407733:20
do? Yeah, if you do a TikTok shop campaign, you can filter the database by GMV, and that GMV is taken from TikTok shop, not not people that sold on our platform. So, but again, like with joint brands, the best creators, the ones have lots of reviews and lots of GMV, they're not going to do the low, expensive job. So, you know, if you want a good creator, you're gonna have to pay them more money, essentially, yeah,

Speaker  413962:40
something that from their perspective, right, right? Yeah, it. I'll but you can't do it. You can't

Speaker  415306:40
do a blast job. You can't do a blast job. And then invite all the top GMB creators. They don't, they don't want to make don't want to make 25 bucks, you know? They want to make $500 per per job, right? But then they'll might take that job plus commission. So,

Speaker  419728:00
yeah. So Ian, what would you go ahead then?

Speaker  420768:00
Just to reiterate, like one thing that matters more to potential affiliates and creators is the item sold. So the closer you are to that, 1000 sold, the more chances of a decent creator taking a chance on you if they like the product. They're gonna go to if you're, if you're, you know, 100 reviews and 100 sales, they're not gonna buy it. So right, the focus more on getting those sales

Speaker  427674:40
first, right? Yeah, I think the 1000s, the number, the little k, right? Yeah, it says 1k once you get that K, you're pretty cool,

Speaker  430682:40
yeah. And what I tell a lot of brands, and you know, from what I see in the platform, like, I'm not launching myself, but like, just giving you anecdotal information is like the creators that are really good, they look at see what's going on with your business before they decide to work with you. So we've had people that you know, get their content going viral, and then creators just reach out to them and say, hey, I want to do this. Because why? They want to jump on the trends, because that's where the money's at, right? They don't want to be the first to make a video for your business and promote it, no matter how much you pay them, because they probably feel like, could talk to me worth their while. So like, like you were saying, Alex, like the Celico doesn't give you video. So if you're, if you're doing that, you got now, you got reviews, grades and sales, and you reach out to creators to, like, become your affiliates. They're not going to take your job, or they're not going to be good ones, because they're actually going to go on call data and look at what's gone viral and what's trending before they're going to see if this is worth my time, right? And so that's kind of how this all works, and that's why those bigger companies do these, like, gamifications, you know, win a car, win a thing, because they want to create that virality for their brand. And, like, more draw, because it's not just about, like, they're trying to create a trend in the market, right? And, like, with a big, big amount of money. So just be careful on that. You know, you kind of have to have all things. And then, just from TikTok webinars I've been on, like, they actually care about you as a brand, having content on the platform under your own account. So it's not just about creators, but you you want to draw organic content to your so you need to also get, you know, UGC from creators that you post, you know, uniquely to your own brand. Is what they're telling us, is they kind of want the full cycle, not just like using affiliates to drive traffic, but also the brand, building a brand awareness.

Speaker  456549:20
How much are ug UGC blasts? Ian, those are pretty reasonable, right?

Speaker  457541:20
Yeah, same, same price. Yeah, that's

Speaker  458293:20
a good idea. I don't even think about using joint brands for just UGC that you own the rights to. You can use it on your own account. Yeah,

Speaker  460346:40
you could take that content, take 30 days of content, and just repurpose it, or, like, put it through some of those AIS and put different captions on it, and opening screens and try different hooks and stuff. And even mash up videos. Take Five videos and mash them together as, like, a testimonial video, and so you can take, like, one blast and, like, repurpose it on your brand page, like, over and over and over through, like, a scheduler. Yeah?

Speaker  466096:00
I think people are, I think people are sleeping on on their brand accounts. Oops, correct?

Speaker  467440:00
I think

Speaker  467792:00
the easiest way to do this, and this is, what are you guys still there? Oh, no, yeah, yeah. Sorry, my computer's right. The easiest way to do this, if you, if you have assets or creatives already, is just post every single day on your own account and and run ads to it like if you do, if you, if you're smart enough, and we all are right, because we're all like, for the most part, it's pretty savvy with what is working on TikTok, because, you know, we're native to this country. We speak the language. We're we're we have a head start. So we should be able to create decent enough content for our own brand, especially since you're the brand owner, and no one knows a brand better than you. Were posting every single day, maybe twice a day, and just running ads to your own shit, now you don't have to pay a commission on that, which is great. So you can be even more aggressive with ads. You'll rattle off 1000 sells fast, guarantee it. And people are just so hesitant to do it because they you know, they're so sick and tired of running ads, right? Amazon's ads are so expensive and but, I mean, we were doing the same thing, like four years ago, with Viral Launch and rebate key. We're doing the same shit. We just need, I think you need to understand, you don't see the rank. I think that's probably why we're hesitant to do, oh, we're gonna run all these ads and we don't see rank. We have to wrap our heads around the fact that this is a different model you're gonna get said you're gonna get more videos and get more people, then you don't have to run the bot, like people come to you asking for samples, and then you can be picky about who you give samples to. It's all, it's all a big snowball, and you have to invest, yeah, to nail it.

Speaker  495322:40
And I was just gonna ask. So that's one thing I haven't really been doing just because I'm having a really difficult time figuring out what to actually post. But the blast packs are a good idea. The problem is you can only do one product per blast, and so you end up with, like, let's say, minimum of 10 videos for one product, and you kind of have to keep doing it for each one. So what are your thoughts on how to kind of go, go about doing that and starting because I'm just kind of nervous to spend the money to do it, and I don't, I don't feel comfortable doing the content myself.

Speaker  506197:20
I would only be focusing on one product anyway, to be honest, you know, yeah, I wouldn't really start working on another product. I mean, for me, at least, I'm not really concerned about other products until I'm doing at least a couple 100,000 a month on on one product, maybe even a million a month. I my, my products do happen to be all related. So my my live creators are asking for all of them, which is good. If you can have five products in the live that's good. So we do do that. We do have sales for our other SKUs, but I'm not really focused on those other SKUs until I'm doing a million a month on on my one SKU. Got it, and that's a

Speaker  516944:00
common question that people have. And TikTok shop, you know, because we're an agency partner, like, they say the same thing. Like, clients come all the time, like all these products, like, how am I going to fit this budget? Like, no, you got to focus on one. Because it actually takes a lot of work to make TikTok successful, right? Because it's content and it's management, and it's like the shop, and it's, it's the virality and the ads and all that stuff. So I want to just back up one second, though, because we were talking about, like, recurring content, and over a year ago, we launched on joint brands like this thing called recurring creators, just for this sole purpose. We thought it would be awesome. Now, hasn't taken off yet, but like, you know, definitely worth a shot. Like, you can hire a creator on our platform for $1,000 a month, let's say, to make a post every single day on your own brand account. So if you don't do anything, if you do nothing else, but just give one Creator your your your profile, if you're especially if you're not posting it all at it anyways, might as well just give them your login, let them do it. We technically are doing it on join brands. If you go to our page like we have the same creator posting every day about joint brands and how creators and it's where we drive a lot of creator awareness and traffic. And then we use a tool called repurpose.io and that allows you to take that whatever she posts to TikTok goes automatically to Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, so the same content gets like distributed, so she she is all literally on autopilot, you know? And you could do that for $1,000 a day. Have content being posted everywhere. And not only do you have the content, but you can also start to take that content, repurpose it. You reuse it, however. So instead of, like, putting the onus on you to order the content, create the, you know, thing, like, let the Creator figure it out. And that means she's answering, she's got the TikTok shop app on your phone, on her phone, she's answering customer questions,

Speaker  542410:40
you know, engaging,

Speaker  542634:40
right? She's doing all this stuff. Maybe you're blasting some of the videos, but like, for literally $1,000 a month, you guys could have, like, basically better than a social media manager running your entire content strategy, and then you're just giving them ideas and sending them, like, in your Slack channel or WhatsApp, whatever like or on our platform. You know, hey, try this angle or use it. I saw this video. It's really good. Like, let the Creator be creative. Because I think that's where a lot of us struggle, in general, is, like, the creative side of things, because we're not, we're more business and, like, logic and numbers and whatever in general. And the creators are more like conceptual like, what do I need to do to set the stage? How can I come up with this stuff? So I've seen some really good stuff happen by some brands on the platform. I'm not saying it's gonna revolutionize your business or drive tons of sales, but, like, if you're a business sized business, $1,000 a month could be really valuable in the long term for the SEO and all that stuff. So just an idea. And,

Speaker  556250:40
yeah, I think that's a great idea. One of the things I've kind of seen, I think some of the joint brands, people, they really like, just repost pretty much the exact same stuff. They'll make, like slight edits and then just repost. Is there a way to because the problem is, I think once you get going, it's difficult to then, you know, have them change or whatever. So what are, what's a good way to kind of vet some of these creators for the recurring campaigns? Because that's been one of the things keeping me from doing, yeah, getting the exact same stuff every day.

Speaker  565056:00
I mean, I would, definitely like, do you know, some campaigns first to find the right creator. I mean, obviously you could see what they're they look like and stuff, and the recurring thing, you can cancel anytime. So, like, you can fire that creator and start with a new one. It's not like you're locked in for, you know, a month or whatever, because we pay the creators based on posts, but you're paying us based on the month or whatever. But anyway, the idea was like, hey, you've, you've now used joint brands. You got a couple creators that you like their content, right? They've done a good job for, you know, the $60 or the $100 or even a blast campaign. And then you say, Okay, I want to, you know, I'm going to invite you to my recurring campaign and have you do content for me autopilot. And then you can chat with them on there and, like, constantly, like, hey, you know, I love that last video. Can you do it next time this way? Here's a link to a video I think is going to go viral. Here's my research, right? You give you, feed them the data, right? But, like, you're not no longer having to manage the actual like, work. And then the idea for this came from that taps chocolate guy from, you know, two years ago, and got him to inspire, or whatever, like, he created a bunch of pages. So I thought, you know, why wouldn't every Amazon brand like, want to have, you know, 10 accounts on TikTok, all posting content for $1,000 a month. Well, I mean, I guess it became a little cheaper, Alex, you were doing it with, you know, through another party, doing like, $500 a month for like, you know, organic content from these, you know, creators. But it did a day. I think it all moves towards, like, a pay to play kind of way. So, you know, as you see now, like, yeah, yeah,

Speaker  588730:40
I was able to get guys to do the $500 a month because I already had, you know, 15,000 sales. So they knew they're gonna crush right? But if you're just starting and you need to find someone now join brands like, just, just go and hire. Still,

Speaker  592512:00
I have a quick question about the blast packs the full blast on joint brands. Does that fit into being able to push those posts with ads for our codes and or on Instagram? It would be, I guess, through white listing or whatever you have to negotiate. It, like separately, or

Speaker  598421:20
it's already it comes with everybody, including it.

Speaker  599205:20
It's built in. Most of them automatically add in the spark code, so you don't even have to copy and paste the spark codes. Add to videos and it, it's super, super easy. And you, if they don't, for some reason, upload their spark ad or spark code, you download an Excel spreadsheet for all of the posts that you have, and you have everything right there. It's super easy, and that's another reason

Speaker  605866:40
why I joined brands over even the like, let's say you had the best bot in the world and you had this crazy response rate. It's hard to get them to give you the spark codes join brands. It's included. It's like, required for them to give you the smart codes. Yeah, and

Speaker  609856:00
I don't want this to feel like an ad for joining brands, but we are, you know, Leo and I are paying attention to what's happening in the market. Like we're actually launching, we're trying to get lives up on our platform first, so the first platform where we can hire creators in mass to do lives for you. Alex helped me out the initial test, and now we have a new platform going out, but like, we're trying to, like, come up with the ways to make the stuff that we're all trying to do here in this group, like, easier, right? May not be as good as going to, you know, Creator Academy, but it's more efficient and more simple. And I think, like, Leo's always made it really good at, like, taking a complex process and just making it, like, you know, in a streamlined fashion, right? So next thing we're doing is, like, we want you to be able to basically host lives and then do, like, have 25 people go live at one time. Like, that's our goal, yeah, and integrated stats and data and like, we think lives is going to definitely be part of the future. The live selling is what they're really pushing so, you know. But the algorithm keeps changing, right? So it's hard to say. But like, I mean, we are building for a purpose to, like, get ahead of these things and working with the API's. But you know, it's like, it constantly changes. Yeah,

Speaker  628368:00
one thing, one thing, I wanted to, oh, sorry, just one last point I wanted to make for if you buy the 100 post blast packs, I would recommend doing the smaller quantities, because it can take a while, depending on many factors, to get enough creators to do the 100 blast pack, and then the quality of the creators can go down, because you're kind of scraping the bottom of the barrel. So just one recommendation is to do the slightly smaller ones, they fill up immediately. You can get some pretty good content, like I created, like, a blast pack, I can't remember is maybe, like, 25 or something, probably 10 or 15 of those videos were, like, quite good, and I've been able to run ads to them and, like, repurpose the content for Instagram. Yeah, yeah. There

Speaker  641600:00
you go, yeah. You keep using that content over and over and like, yeah, that you, if you're going to do the blast, like, you can go after, like, some of the better creators that are newer to platform, because they're, they're trying to build their portfolio, they'll get, from their perspective, trying to build their portfolio and get ratings and reviews on the platform. So, you know. But then once you start getting 100 reviews, 50 reviews, whatever, like, you only want to do jobs or pay $100 let's say, right. So do that. And then also, we do run, like, a lot of coupons to make, basically the 2010 25 packs the same price as 100 anyways, so you can wait for those promotions, or just, you know, DM me or something. I'll hook you up.

Speaker  650805:20
The other cool part about the smaller packs too, so, but you still want to keep an eye on it, because people will reapply, which could be good or bad. It could be good, because if someone did really well on your first one and you want them back, they can't do your 100 blast twice. But it could be bad, because someone who may have sucked will reapply. And if you're just approving everybody, you're gonna get two sheep. So still keep an eye on it.

Speaker  657952:00
How are you guys thinking of the blast packs and kind of the plan coming up with Prime Day, where everything's like going to shop, but then a lot of the brands seen really do well, start to shift the content strategy all around Prime Day. Like, how do you guys sort of manage that? Or do you even bring awareness on TikTok to it? Yeah,

Speaker  663605:20
absolutely. I mean, a lot of like, Mayor Ruth did that, like, you know, a year ago, when we kind of started this out like they were, they went heavy on TikTok to grow awareness all around, right? And then they went ran ads on Facebook. You might have seen us when we buy her on TikTok. They were, like, driving the traffic backwards and using that as like, social proof, even though, you know, they may have paid quite a few of those influencers and creators to talk about, like, oh my god, I'm so excited that this liquid vitamin just got, you know, you know, is on special for Prime Day or whatever. So, like, I do think that there's an opportunity for that. We also have one thing we launched, it hasn't really been taken up yet, is a green screen job. So, like, they don't need the product in hand. They can be, like, on Amazon, like, Dude, my favorite products, I think about, like, let's say you're doing a Lightning Deal. Maybe you can get like, 10 creators, like, do this thing, and then like, run ads on TikTok, saying, like, oh my god, I can't believe this product is, you know, you know, a lightning yields day. Grab it before it goes. So driving awareness and traffic to, like, your Amazon deal fines basically has, you know, was an idea that, you know, we have so many options, right? So people don't always know what they can do. That was, like, the theory behind green screen is expensive products. Or, you know, what's happening, like, this week. So, like, if you want to campaign this week, they're not gonna get the product and be able to do the video and all that stuff in, you know, three days, right? So green screen, you could try to do more on demand campaigns and be like, hey, this job requires you to make a video on this day, you know, which is like, tomorrow, or whatever, like, or the day after, I accept you, right? Or you can cue a bunch of creators and be like, hey, just want to make sure you know this, right?

Speaker  688170:40
Green Screen creators, too, are just, they're just more staff savvy. They're tech savvy. They can do really good edits and stuff, and they're most likely going to come up with good hooks where it's not even them, right? The hook is a green screen. So, yeah, green screen is great.

Speaker  691680:00
Yeah, you can also do like. We have like this. This campaign requires a product. This campaign does not require products, so you could just do that and then send them the link. Also, like, for some of the campaign types, if you want it for a different campaign type, that green screen doesn't exist, you can just say no product needed, right? You're not going for the purchase. You're going for the, you know, just on demand, you know, content. So that's a kind of a cool idea.

Speaker  697669:20
Love it. Didn't know that sweet. Yeah,

Speaker  698661:20
I may have learned something new yesterday. I'm not sure if I really learned it, because I'm not sure if it's true. So hopefully, maybe one of you has the answers. So every shop has five marketing accounts. When I first signed up and started doing TikTok last March, the first account that you linked, could start selling right away, zero followers. You can start tagging your products, but the remaining four accounts still needed followers to be affiliate approved yesterday, I think what was the name Jack said that all five accounts don't need any followers. Does anyone know if that's true? I guess we'll just have to find out. Start that start that second. So if that is, if that is true, like that's a freaking game changer. Now, if you hire one of recurring affiliate that's doing a post every single day for one account, you could repurpose all that on all other four accounts, and now you have 150 videos going out every single month on your brand that's paying zero commission, and you can just run ads to that Max GMB, turn it on and see what happens.

Speaker  721808:00
Are the different accounts? Is that brands? Are you going like women for Moringa, or kind of creating? Yeah, you could

Speaker  723856:00
do that. If you do that, then the content has to be different. But if it's just like, Could it be the, you know, I tabs was literally doing like, tabs, one, tabs to test three. Like, wow, but yeah, if you really want to get creative and you have a big enough team, then all five accounts can kind of tap attack different angles. But if you're just getting started, you need to get some sales, have all five accounts just posting the same thing every day. Oh, you have to change it a little bit, because TikTok will flag it for what do you call it, duplicate content, or whatever content. But yeah, that I'm going to try to find out that's true today. I'll just fire up a second account and see if I can start tagging products, because if that is then you have five accounts that can start selling right away, zero followers and ads. I mean, that's how I first went viral. That's how I first realized TikTok was the way to go, was was on my own account. Yeah,

Speaker  740848:00
that's how a lot of these companies are going viral with multiple accounts, you know, just stacking impressions, because every, every video gets at least four or 500 impressions, no matter what, right? And then every, every, you know, 50 or 100 goes viral of some sort. So they're just like, Okay, well, if I just have 10 of these accounts doing it, and I've seen these people talking about on Twitter and stuff, yeah,

Speaker  746293:20
I'm trying to, and then it's all, it's all one shop account. You're essentially going, like, FBT one shop account. It's just the accounts that are actually pushing out the content. Yeah, they're just

Speaker  748666:40
making new, you know, gotcha profiles, basically, like, as if they had, you know, tenant creators working for them, right? And that was kind of the idea. Was like, Okay, well, you could get one Creator doing $1,000 you know, a month for on the content. What happens if you have 10, 100 right? The other one I was, do you know about, like, Spanish content? Is that still really performing well? Because I think that's one people are sleeping on, in general, and, like, definitely Spanish creators pretty easily. Yeah,

Speaker  755712:00
Spanish is so, so when? So I do do I still pay attention to my affiliate center sample requests, and I'm super picky about who we approve, but if they speak Spanish, they're approved right away, because you just never freaking know, like those Mexicans love buying shit. I'm allowed to say that some Mexican what else? What were you just saying about Spanish creators or so someone was saying something. I lost my train of thought, but I

Speaker  764810:40
have a question. Does anybody anybody seen this TikTok one where it's like creator marketplace paired with ad spend? I had a rep reach out about it. It looks actually interesting, like what you guys have been talking about. We were just about to go on the hook for, you know, a 30 post $1,000 a month creator, and we got a bunch of garbage, but it was Yuka, who does, who's doing that now, setting them up. So, like, if you want to go direct to creators, Yuka will facilitate the protein payment, exactly. Yeah. And then we got, I got a direct contact from TikTok, something that reached out, and they pointed me over to TikTok one, and we're like, Well, this is basically, I haven't set up a campaign yet, but she was like, it's $24 $2,500 is the commitment for ad spend, but you'll get Creator content posted, and they're actually coaching these people now, is what she's saying. So like, these are supposed to be creators that are being coached to sell, because the idea is, it's like a creative platform behind TikTok ads. So like, if the content doesn't sell, it doesn't help anybody, right? So that's their so I don't know you guys check it out. It's under, yeah,

Speaker  783194:40
that sounds interesting. Ads.

Speaker  783578:40
Dot TikTok. I don't know how to find I mean, it's TikTok one, Google. It popped up. It pops up. You have to, like, register with it as well, though. Yeah, TikTok

Speaker  785744:00
one for advertisers. Yeah, interesting. Anyway, I

Speaker  786688:00
don't know. I mean, we're probably gonna David isn't

Speaker  787216:00
just like, a that's like, basically they provide the content. You just have to commit to the ad spend, right? We I did that the content was like, okay, like, I think I got, like, a couple pieces that we ended up promoting and then pushing pretty good, but, um, it's definitely above average. But I don't know that it's like that it's like that special,

Speaker  793461:20
yeah, yeah, no. I mean, I thanks, yeah, I don't know. Are we, certainly haven't launched it. Is it? Is it? As I described, like, where you're you're committing to the ad spend, and then you're approving the content, like, that's gonna go, Yeah,

Speaker  797706:40
they did. They choose the Creator. So you say, like, I'm gonna spend this much, and they give you this number of creators, and they choose that so you, like, you don't have any insight into who it is. And then they submit content to you for approval prior to actually being published, but then you have, like, full rights to it. And if I remember correctly, we did it, like, six months ago, it like, comes into your account. And so there are videos that actually fall under your account. So they posting out of your account, which is nice you have control over that, but, but outside of that, like, don't expect something like earth shattering if you're already spending money, it's just like something you can layer on top. Anyways, when you get some free content that you get full control over, gotcha,

Speaker  809221:20
it does look like they've split like campaigns now to where it posts on it's only an ad, or it posts on their account, or it posts on your account. So there's three options, I guess, is what I was saying. So we were like, Well, okay, which one do we choose there? But yeah, I mean, I guess that the part that we're looking at is the more of like the volume posting and layering on TikTok live as well, like with creators. So maybe this is not a good option from that point of view, like getting the volume posts, like, you know, a post a day approach. But yeah, I just wanted to call it out because, like, it was new to me, so if anybody else wants to check it out, but yeah, there's, yeah, I'm gonna

Speaker  819600:00
check it out because I'm really curious. So

Speaker  820256:00
there's super so there's something,

Speaker  820560:00
there's something on the API side that we're working on called TikTok one. Also, I don't know if it's the same thing, but it's basically like any creator that mentions your brand, tags your brand, does anything about your brand, you'll be able to you'll be able to boost that post so you don't have to get authorization from them anymore. It's called anchor links. Have you heard of that? Alex, it's coming out right now, and they're like trying to get people into the program. But it's part of this whole thing where basically, you no longer have to get like, permission, essentially, if they mention your brand, you can use it to promote within to TikTok shop. So they're just trying to basically use any content on the platform for your benefit, is what I understand.

Speaker  831818:40
Wow. They don't even have to be like an affiliate or correct,

Speaker  832528:00
and they don't have to have shop access either you can take you can tag your product.

Speaker  834560:00
It's

Speaker  834848:00
pretty big. I think that's pretty

Speaker  835488:00
cool. Yeah,

Speaker  835920:00
that's crazy, because there's some old content out there before a shot right that went viral, and people saw these boosts on Amazon, and now you can go back and grab

Speaker  838677:20
it. Yeah, so I think it's called, there's a thing called mentions API, which basically is the API that they use to basically track everything that people talk about on TikTok. So it's like using that API, and then also there's a TikTok one API, and there's some approval process. But like, if creators, like I have that turned on, they can automatically be tagged into it, so and then they can earn, you know, commissions, essentially. And they're also using, like, because first party data, or something like that. I don't know, I don't know enough about it yet. Leo knows more, but he's not on the call anymore. So could be, could be big coming up. Like, all the content that you have out there can be very like weaponized, essentially, to drive sales.

Speaker  850160:00
Yeah? So, yeah,

Speaker  850704:00
look into that. Google it, I don't know. Call, call, anchor links, is what one of the terms and and then also the mentions API,

Speaker  854005:20
looking at my PDF from the guys,

Speaker  855237:20
yeah, but I'll have more. We don't have the details yet, but it should be supposed to be pretty

Speaker  856693:20
big. Alex, I had a question right now. Is it mostly just inbound for your successful product, or are you still trying to hire, like, good affiliates, and how are you reaching out to them? And what does it take for them to get a response as a, you know, small retainer for like, couple videos, or like a monthly retainer for a lot videos? Yeah, I

Speaker  863882:40
do a combination of a few things, we're mostly still heavy on TikTok, what we call TikTok organic, right? So we're just going for reviews to spill over to Amazon, so that's slideshows, AI, green screens. And the reason why we're heavy on that still is because just the way my business was was built, we're very kind of limited on supply with organic materials. So the last thing you want to do is build this huge TikTok, TikTok shop team, and then run out of stock. You'll burn a lot of bridges doing that. So we're still leaning more on views, because it doesn't matter if you run out of stock, I still pay them based on how well they do on views. And we'll do, you know, 10, 20 million views a month with with that team, I still, I do do like, like, what could be considered affiliate, right? So, but I find these affiliates elsewhere in groups, and they don't post every single day about my product, but they'll post at least, like, four or five times a month about my product. And I just give them a higher commission. The group that I use is called wealth builders. I've been, like, a pretty big part of kind of helping train them a little bit, and they're open to more brands. I know they're kind of trying to, like, cool off a little bit on the supplements, but if you have a product that will do well in the 37 and up demographic, let me know, because there's about four or 500 of them that are ready to talk about your product for just 5% more than what your Open collab is.

Speaker  890693:20
Can you intro me into that group?

Speaker  891290:40
For sure, for sure, send me a DM, and then I'll put you in touch with with Randy.

Speaker  892842:40
Thanks. Actually, one, one question, Alex and I were trying to trouble troubleshoot this yesterday. Has anybody experienced issues with creators being able to request samples? So basically, what I'm seeing on my end I create a targeted collaboration, and then I invite a bunch of creators, and on their end they are unable to see request sample. Has anyone seen that before?

Speaker  900432:00
No, I would say for open collaboration. When they reach their max samples the limit, and they're like, Oh, can you send me a target collab so that I can request a sample? And then you that usually works,

Speaker  903653:20
yeah, through Target collab. Oh,

Speaker  904725:20
yeah. I was gonna say we, I mean, what? What Alex said at the beginning about samples? I mean, we get hundreds of sample requests a day. Now, it's a lot of creative there's a lot of creators that are just using it as a, I think, get free shit all day long. And we even see a lot of orders now that are getting like, Oh, it didn't get delivered. I mean, it seems to me like I saw a couple of mentions in this group, I believe, where people were like, question of, like, fraud type stuff now where it's just like, oh yeah, it gets delivered. But just, just ask for a refund and like it effectively, is like an automatic I don't know if anybody, anybody else, has that issue, but between sampling and then refund requests for delivered packages, it's like, we're getting a

Speaker  915344:00
lot, Yeah, Same.

Speaker  917200:00
Hey, Alex, I'm, a I'm wondering what, like a good route for the content side is for like me putting out my own content like I'm more I have a better understanding of the affiliate side, how to reach out and have affiliates post content on their accounts. But you start so you started mentioning that maybe we can have five of our own accounts. But even just with, like, my one account that I currently have, I've only posted one video on it so far. It was an AI video. And I'm just wondering, like, what a good route could be to posting more content, and like, what a good mix is like, should it be UGC content, like 50% and then the other 50% is like, what I'm creating, or what do you think is like I would try to

Speaker  931088:00
be, I would try to be as consistent with like a theme as possible. You don't want to bounce around too much, because TikTok is going to put your account into like a cluster, and it's going to take a while to figure out what your cluster is. So if you're jumping around from UGC, you know, even like different people all the time, or different angles, it'll take TikTok a while to figure out, like, what your cluster is, if, if ever so I would try to stick with like, you know, if it's like a brand owner theme or all AI, just try to stick with with one theme throughout, because you won't go viral in the first 20 posts. I can guarantee you that. And then so put together a plan of your content, like a content calendar. The best way to do is come up with all your hooks first. So download all your reviews, throw them into chatgpt and just start asking for hook ideas and come up with 50 hooks. Definitely use your brain to do it. Don't just depend on chatgpt. Come up with all 50 hooks first and then come up with your scripts. It's easier to do it that way than the other way around. Some people think come up with your script, like, what's your angle and what's your call to action, and then come up with a hook. That's really hard, but if you come with your hook first, then the content and the script and the call to action actually is a little bit easier. And then just put them in like a calendar and start doing a post every single day for every single hook that you want to test. And once someone hits, stop what you're doing and use that hook every single day until it fades away.

Speaker  957306:40
Okay, so for the next like 30 days, let's say, test out a different hook each day, see which one performs the best, and then repeat the one that performs the best.

Speaker  960880:00
Yeah, okay, right? And then I do have a hard stop, like, now, but let me just give you guys one more, one more point. Sometimes, like, a hook, will you'll it'll get like, 10,000 views, or something like, oh, wait, this might this, this might work, but it was just off by just a little bit. Sometimes it's just like the timing. Maybe you need to speed it up a little bit, or maybe you need to get rid of, like an empty space. Go to your back end of the video. You just there's three little dots at the bottom right so you can see the analytics. And you want 70% retention at two seconds, 60% reset retention at six seconds. So look at that retention. And if it's just barely off then, then maybe you're on to something. You just need to change it a little bit. Speed it up, slow it down, whatever it is. But you need to look at the if it the analytics are just way off. You know, you had like, 20% retention at second two. Then the hook, slap, move on and try something else. Thank you, man. You guys can keep, keep going, I think, and maybe Belen can, can, uh, can cut it off. But I have, I have a virtual doctor's appointment. Guys, sorry about that. This was a good one. Everything might be the best one we've had. And, wow, thanks, Alex.

Speaker  981733:20
Thanks. Alex,

Speaker  982453:20
amazing guys, thank you.

Speaker  983237:20
Hey, Ryan. I'm kind of in the same boat as you from the creating content for my own brand. So happy to connect, you know, offline, and kind of work through, maybe help each other out, put together some content blind, leading the blind type of situation, yeah,

Speaker  987514:40
yeah, I'll shoot you a DM man. I I'd love to just brainstorm stuff, because I haven't made my own content, but I think that's important. Like, that's the next step for me, is to just, like, figure out the brand content side.

Speaker  991418:40
Cool. Yeah? Is that? Yeah? that. All right, well, I guess that's it. Thanks, everyone.

Speaker  993885:20
Thank you guys. Yeah. Bye guys.
