Mogul Call 03192025
Date: March 26, 2025

Speaker  1040:00
All right, okay, so this is the app, so I reckon I recommend having it open on your desktop and having it on your home screen on your phone, so you can just go to the videos and you can actually just search for a topic. So for example, I've just searched for AI and so you can find enormous call here.

Speaker  7157:20
And, oh, look this. This is from

Speaker  8117:20
Ai masterminds that you can even do topics, yeah. So just, you can also, like, just do these. You can do these as like podcast style, so if you just got on your phone, you can listen to them in your car. So highly recommend that your slides and then we've also got a group at a mobile call. There's groups of trading crypto. So make sure you join all the chats you're interested in and just just check it every day. Turn the alerts on if you joined MBS recently,

Speaker  17296:00
you probably have

Speaker  17712:00
a ton of you probably have

Speaker  18928:00
included in your membership, so some really good MDS a longer time ago, you may not have them included in your membership, but you can do a 30 day trial, and you can add them on, if you like. So make sure you're getting the most out of your membership. Next up.

Speaker  24165:20
Yeah, value add challenge, so you still got time to do that, yeah, put a great post up. Hashtag it for the value add challenge, and you could win an Inspire ticket in a hotel room. Caesar Pallister, the event Hotel. Next up, I'm sure, if you've already bought a ticket, you would be able to get an event credit or something else instead. Yeah, I hope everyone that wants to go to inspire us in our book. But if you haven't booked, there is still time to book, and I think you can still get into the event Hotel. So, yeah, I would get that book now. Get your own, get your flight books. MBS summit in Milan. So beautiful city going to be amazing. I would always recommend to them what you can to get the MDS main event. They're always great fun. And the content is really well curated, the kind of content you're not going to see anywhere else. Okay? So, yeah, you can get the SMS reminders from if you are American, or anyone. Can get the WhatsApp reminders. It's just a broadcast daily group telling you about what's coming up. So scan that to book. There's a link in the chat in a second, so you can join there as well. Birthday, 924, 74

Speaker  43301:20
good so on mute, Daniella for me,

Speaker  44202:39
okay, partner spotlight, join brands. You might have seen a post recently they just given everyone $100 coupon, and you'll always get you'll always get taken care of and join brands as an MBS so make sure that your account is flagged as an MDS account, get 20% off. So definitely check that. I know we definitely use joint brands next up. All right, here we go. So welcome to the call Daniel. I hope some of you guys were at the main event last year. So there was a great, a great entry in a hat contest. What Daniel did is he took some MBS merch, took some photos of it, and then we could see photos of very realistic models wearing it. And he just, he knocked that up in like, 10 minutes or something. Is that right? How long does that take you to do?

Speaker  58133:20
Daniel? Listen, 30 minutes. Probably. Yeah,

Speaker  58853:19
it's awesome, man.

Speaker  59626:40
So Daniel's gonna, basically, he's, he's got some example products from MDS members that have been sent over. And so we've got some, some example photos to do. And are you telling me that you're now using a different what tools were you using before and what what tools you using now?

Speaker  64719:59
Yeah, um, I'm gonna show you that in the in the slides. I have that awesome the presentation, so we'll get get

Speaker  66400:00
to all right, Join us. Join us. Share Screen, and you can take over.

Speaker  67072:00
Okay, all right, if

Speaker  68176:00
anyone here, if you're not on a WhatsApp group, the link has just been put up there, so we'd love you to join that so you don't miss a call.

Speaker  70693:20
Okay, can everybody see my screen? Oh,

Speaker  71397:20
yeah. MDS also, can you make me a co host, please, and someone mute? Daniel there, please. Alright, next up, let's go.

Speaker  73285:20
All right. Is machine screen up? Is

Speaker  74389:20
this? Yeah, I can see it. Okay.

Speaker  74789:20
So, yeah.

Speaker  75642:40
So, yeah, that's what I'm talking about today. Ai images for E commerce.

Speaker  77082:40
The technology has gotten quite good,

Speaker  78042:40
even better than in September I did the hack contest. It's, you know, it just keeps getting better. And better. So it's quite interesting, especially with what we do, to be able to utilize these tools. And so first of all, photo shoots, you know, for my brand, I've spent quite a bit of money, you know, like 1000s of dollars, every time you want to do one, and that's just not, you know, when you want to launch a lot of products, or it's just not feasible to always do product photo shoots. It just gets really expensive. So like for for me, I've paid, you know, it could be like, anywhere between 15 $105,000 for photo shoot. And like, for me, if I get just a photographer, I think it's like $600 for the day, and then we had a model come it was like 400 to 600 for the model. So you're looking at anywhere from, you know, minimum 12 to $1,500 and if you want multiple models, you know, it gets real expensive. So this is going to kind of be interesting, you know, for those that spend a lot of money on photography, and, you know, so point I want to get across is, like, you know, we're in the era of professional sellers. You know, used to be, like, when I started Amazon, back in 2013 I mean, you could really just throw up a page, and it just had to be a little bit better than mediocre, like, you know, just a little bit better than what everyone else was doing. And you could rank and sell, but those days are gone, and so you you really need to have high quality images for, you know, everybody knows this. I mean, I'm kind of preaching to the choir here, but you have to have the highest quality images possible for your, you know, your listings and your marketing materials. And it also means that if you're a professional seller now, you're doing a B test for your main images for your, you know, inset images for your, you know, all your other copy and everything else. So you're constantly trying to improve. And so what that means is, if you want to be a professional seller, you're spending a lot of money and resources, you know, for those high quality visuals. And this point right here, this is where the AI can help, I think,

Speaker  114880:00
as far as like, what we're trying to do.

Speaker  115968:00
And so what if you could have a photographer, 24/7, anytime you want it to generate, you know, creatives and images, anytime. And that's kind of what, kind of what this is, what I'm gonna show you. So I'm just gonna make these few quick points. You know, it's AI is here. It's here to stay. It's, it's really progressing fast. In fact, you can't really keep up. I mean, anybody who's researched anything about AI tools, it's, every day there's something new or there's a tool that's adding, you know, tons of new features. So it's, it's almost impossible to keep up. You just got to, kind of like, you know, stand in front of the fire hose and try to see what you can get and use. So, you know, everyone that's in our doing what we do, everyone who's in E commerce should really be paying attention, because your competitors will. They're they are using this stuff, and they're going to start using it. And if you don't, kind of start learning about it, obviously, you know, it goes without saying, you can get left behind, because they'll be able to do things that you can't do if you're not kind of utilizing the technology. So to start off, you know, I'm not AI expert, I'm just say, brand owner, Amazon seller, but, uh, my kind of journey in AI started about a year ago when I went to this, conference. It was a Perry belcher's ai bot Summit, and I kind of opened my eyes, like they did a lot of presentations, and I was kind of amazed at where the technology was already at, and felt like I was kind of seeing the future of how things are going to work with E commerce and business and, you know, just all these tools were kind of amazing to see what they could do. And that was a year ago. So now it's like, you know, even better. So what I started doing after that conference is I got on uh, YouTube, started watching videos, and, um, on X, there's a lot of AI people posting a lot of good content. So if you're not on X or Twitter, you know, I recommend hopping on and trying to follow AI people, because they post a ton of stuff, and that's where I learn a lot. And also YouTube videos. I spend a lot of time just watching YouTube videos, trying to learn this stuff. But, you know, lately, I haven't put as much time into it as I would like, but you know, I was, I was trying to learn a lot for a while, and so it is like a standing in front of a fire hose. It's the best metaphor for it, because there's just so much information, and you're not going to be able to use everything or test everything, and there's just so many tools coming out. But anyway, I'm not an expert, but I'm gonna share what I. I kind of learn what I know. And so the question is, if I'm not an expert, what am I doing here, sharing this presentation? So it all started as Jamie said at the MDS Denver summit, I think it was in September. And so whenever we got to the hotel room, it's kind of cool if you've never been to these events, but they like to, kind of like, to kind of like, do a lot of, you know, perks. So when I got to the hotel room, there was a bag with this hoodie and this beanie and, man, they're like, really nice items. Man, they're real high quality. But anyway, I heard about the hack contest, and I just started using this AI tool that can make models of products and and so anyway, I decided to enter the contest with these items. I just took pictures. So this is kind of what the the models look like. I just put the hoodie on the bed the hotel. This is the actual images I use. And I just took these images. And same thing with the beanie. I just took a bunch of photos in the hotel room and put it in the tool, and then this was the output. So not too bad, you know, just for taking a few images, like I told Jamie at the beginning of the call, it took me like, 30 minutes to do minutes to do this, and I feel like it, it gives a pretty good, you know, pretty good output. Definitely, these images, if this was a product, would be usable.

Speaker  186693:20
And these, these are all AI generated.

Speaker  188122:40
So for those who were not there, I lost the contest. I didn't win. But, you know, maybe we could say I came in second. It was funny, because I had a ton of people come up to me during the conference, you know, after the hack contest, they said, Man, you should have won. You should have won. So some people thought it was good, but I didn't the the format

Speaker  193456:00
didn't work very well for you, because it's kind of knockout format, because you were so early, yeah, put you at a disadvantage. The format made it more exciting, but it was, but maybe a bit unfair on the people that went early.

Speaker  196816:00
Yeah? A lot of people said, I should have won, but anyway, I don't know, but anyway, it was fun. Anyway. So okay, so for the presentation, I had some volunteers give me products. So this is all MDS members. You know Betsy. A lot of people know her. I think she was like on Shark Tank or whatever. And then, think Kyle owns this company, pickleball paddles. And then, actually, he got this from Morris. I don't know he's on the call, but, and then, of course, this is Jamie's products. And so anyway, these are the ones we're going to go over. This was what I was able to make with AI This is the bathing suit, boys bathing suit.

Speaker  210064:00
This is all AI generated,

Speaker  210928:00
yeah, if you got kids to that, then arranging models and photo shoots is even more of a pain, right?

Speaker  212256:00
Yeah, yeah. She has so many different color, color styles, you know, like it would take her so much money to do this, and she could probably just sit with this tool and do all the different colors, all the suits that she has. So that's kind of some of the output we got for that one. We got pickleball. Now, I will say, kind of the Achilles heel, if you will, for AI generation is, it's not that good with text yet, but with the way we solve that, because we have skin care products with a lot of text on the labels, is we Photoshop after, you know, after it, obviously it adds a step that you can't use AI for, but it does save a ton of Time, and you can't get some really high quality images quickly, even though you might have to Photoshop. But you can see the larger text. His brand is CRB, that comes out pretty good, but when you get into like these smaller texts, it's just not that great yet. And I'm pretty sure this year, maybe in a few months, as fast as this technology is going, we'll probably see that improve you. So, so when

Speaker  230805:20
it, so when you do it, when you do it, well, the text will come out one key, and then you just overwrite it, and then you just Photoshop it out and put that, yeah, you can

Speaker  232645:20
photoshop it like what we use is we just shoot all of our bottles with white labels, and my graphic designer just superimposes our label on it. You can't tell, really, that, you know, she photoshopped it, so that would be a solution for that. But, I mean, yeah, it's, it's not bad. I think that's amazing.

Speaker  238266:40
This was Morris' shoe cleaner, and

Speaker  239738:40
again, you can see the. Text the bottom, the gold standard logo came out good on some of these, but the text right here is, it's not that great. You can kind of see that it doesn't supposed to say a shoe protector or something like that right here. But again, that's easily photoshopped if you have someone a graphic designer. But I did a lot of just hero shots of the products and just lifestyle images, is mainly what I was doing. Jamie, you might recognize this product. I don't know. Daniel, what image Did you feed to it to get the those results? Yeah, I'm gonna show you exactly what I did. I'm gonna even do a live demo of everything. So, yeah.

Speaker  251189:20
So I think the rest of us all sent samples for Daniel, which he then, yeah,

Speaker  252186:40
photographs.

Speaker  253050:40
So the question you just asked, how was I able to do this with AI? So whenever we were at the conference, I did the hack contest. I was using a tool called ever art AI, and it's it's really good. I still have a subscription to it. I kind of sometimes go back and forth, but there's a new tool that, for me is better. I like it a lot better. And that's the one I'm gonna kind of demo today, is called Korea AI, and I'm super impressed with with what this one can do. So the technology that it uses is, I don't want to get in the weeds with this, because it's not what the call is about. But if you want to, if you want to get in the weeds and go research, it, so uses two different things. Flux is an open source image generation tool that's kind of like mid journey or open AI's Dolly, but it's open source. It's similar, generates images, and then Laura is just a training technique that lets you fine tune models with just a handful of images. So it's using the open source, you know, tool, plus a technology or technique that allows you to not have, like, huge data sets of images to create a model.

Speaker  271610:40
So the flux is from a black forest labs. And you

Speaker  273136:00
can go to their website, check them out. But a lot of if you go to YouTube, or if you're in AI, a lot of people are talking about flux. It's like one of the main image generation tools now and then, you can find out stuff about Laura, like on hugging face or, you know, different places. It tells you what it is. It's just a lightweight training technique. Reduces the number of trainable parameters. It works by inserting a small number of anyway, all this jargon. You can go look it up, and then YouTube is a is a great resource for me. If you again, if you want to get in the weeds, you just go type into YouTube, flux, Laura, and there's just a ton of information about it. There's a lot of different tools besides the ones I'm using. Comfy UI is kind of like not too user friendly. It's very complex. But there's a ton of different things you can do to make these models besides this tool I'm going to show you. Okay, so I'm gonna make a model. This is me. I'm gonna make a model of myself. Well, I did make a model myself. And kind of want to show you the output. So just as you can do products and images, you can do people and so I just want to kind of show you that. So

Speaker  293248:00
it's kind of fun. You know,

Speaker  293973:20
a kid pretending you're, you know, movie star or something. You can make all these different images of yourself, you know, even superhero, Star Wars, matrix.

Speaker  296949:19
Oh, this would be wild to do for our kids, right as well, right? Yeah. So,

Speaker  298213:19
you know, you can do all kind of stuff. You know, this is my profile image. Obviously, I don't look like that, but exactly, Little Hipster tattoo guy right here, little selfie with a bear, you know?

Speaker  302586:40
So you can do a lot of cool stuff with the models. So

Speaker  304266:40
this is a meme I made for one of my employees. We have employees. We have a little joke about Steve Jobs. So fake Steve Jobs, real Steve so

Speaker  306112:00
it's kind of funny.

Speaker  307151:59
So to answer your question, Morris, this is kind of what it looks like the training data, just photos that I had of myself on my computer. But one little hack that I'll show is that after you create some decent AI renders, get some output that are pretty good. When you build a new model, you can add those AI versions into the model to make it even better. So this picture is AI, this picture is AI, this picture is AI, this one, and then all the rest are like real photos. So it's like a combination. And so I found that if you basically feed back into the models your AI outputs, you can get even better quality generations. You know, when you when you do models like that.

Speaker  318906:40
So, and I'll show you more.

Speaker  319658:40
This is what I did for the. Swimsuit. It was just a bunch of pictures laying flat. You know, at our warehouse, just found a little place to take pictures, and then once I had some decent AI generations, I added that to the model to make it look better.

Speaker  324736:00
Same thing with pickleball paddle. I just took

Speaker  325631:59
a bunch of photos I had. This was some that Kyle had on his website. Kind of just borrowed those. And then these were, these were AI right here. Same thing with the handbag, just a bunch of shots we did at the warehouse and then.

Speaker  330469:20
And so for the for the shoe cleaner,

Speaker  331578:40
same thing. This

Speaker  331898:39
is all in flux, right? Well,

Speaker  332474:39
it's a tool called Korea that uses flux, and I'll show you that live demo.

Speaker  335914:40
I Oh, yeah. So you can actually mix models. So I took myself, I have a model of myself on Korea, and have a model of the paddle. So I was able to actually put myself in an ad. So if you have a spokesperson for your brand, or if you're the face of your brand and you don't want to do much of photos of yourself, you can actually do stuff like this. Or if you just want to have a consistent character where it's the same person always pitching your product, you can actually put that person in your in your models. So it's kind of interesting. And then I didn't want to make it one of me in the bathing suit, because it felt kind of ridiculous, so I had Steve Jobs get in the in the bathing suit for Steve. So yeah,

Speaker  350426:39
so I'm gonna do a live demo.

Speaker  351626:39
So korea.ai, is the site, and I'll

Speaker  352607:59
just kind of show you around real

Speaker  352928:00
quick. So is you on a pay plan for this? Yes,

Speaker  354031:59
it's not really that expensive either. I think I'm paying like $35 a month for it. And you can buy extra credits too if you run out, which I haven't ran out yet. So it's kind of weird, because I use it a lot. So if you go to this tab right here, where it says train, this is where you make the models. And

Speaker  360085:19
so this is kind of what it looks like in there.

Speaker  361733:20
So let me just go back one second.

Speaker  363397:20
So all you do is just start uploading images. See, you see right here, you just have all the images on your computer, and you kind of like, just dump them into this box. That's it. And that's really it. And then, um, I'll show you what it looks like. So after you put the images in, it shows you kind of a screen like this. And

Speaker  368576:00
at the bottom there's some settings.

Speaker  369312:00
So obviously, we're going to use flux, is the tool that we're going to use. So you select that, and then there's, there's some settings here. I would say you have two different things you could do for a product. Is you could either do default or object, and then if you want a person, you can select character, and they have default settings for whatever you select. So you can see, whenever I change the the option here, that this this changes. So I would start with just the default settings, and if you don't get the result you want, you're gonna have to start playing around with it. Now, one thing that I will say about, not only Korea AI, but also ever art AI, is there's, like, very little documentation out there on how to use this and what the best practices. I even went to YouTube and I started searching. I guess it's so new, there's just not a lot of stuff. I even went to YouTube and I started searching, like Korea AI. And I was trying to see if there was anybody that was showing how to do these settings to make them better. And I went to chat GPT, deep research, perplexity, deep research, like, I looked everywhere to try to figure out, like, what kind of settings to get the output that I want. And really, there's not much out there. I did get some output from from those tools, and I tried what they said, but there's just not a ton of information. So it's it's really trial and error, but I do understand one thing is that you can over train a model, meaning, if you over train it, you see how they have this background right here that'll start showing up in your output, also the faces of the kids that'll start showing up in your outputs, because you can over train, and the model is going to think, you know, you want the pictures of these, these faces here. So the so if you under train, if you don't put enough training steps in it, what's going to happen is it's not going to look like your product, or it's not going to look like your character. It's. So you're trying to find the sweet spot between under training and over training, because you don't want all of your background images and everything to show up, and you don't want it to be, you know, not look like your product. So you're gonna have to, like, play around with these steps and and just see what works best. So for the pickleball paddle, I was trying to improve the text. I think I made, like, 13 models, and I just wasn't able to, like, get it any better than what it is. So, so, yeah, you just play around with it, use the defaults at first, and then kind of go back, make new models and try the batches. If you do too big of batches, you need more training steps, and the bigger the batch and more training steps, the more closely can match your product, but then you can also over train, and you'll get too many things in the images that you don't want there. So, and kind of, part of the reason that I want to do this call is like, hopefully everyone in the community can start using this, and maybe we could share information as we learn, because it's really, it's really kind of the early stages. And I think, you know, I don't really know how best to utilize these tools. I'm sure somebody will figure it out

Speaker  418031:59
anyway. So that's that. And

Speaker  418528:00
then if we get enough MDS is using it, then within two or three weeks,

Speaker  420095:59
we'll have some good out there. I can Yeah.

Speaker  421536:00
So there's a lot of stuff you can do with this tool. I'm only going to show you a couple things. So obviously, I haven't even really used a lot of this stuff, like the upscale and the they have a real time thing. I've messed around with it, but I'm going to show you this because we don't have a lot of time. So this is where you can generate images. You can generate any type of image you want, just like with mid journey or dolly, you could just type in whatever. And in the corner right here, they have all these different tools

Speaker  429274:39
you can use. There's like three different versions of flux.

Speaker  430682:39
And then they have audiogram, which is also a really good tool. Audiogram, by the way, is very good at text, but you can't do the models with ideogram. You can only do the models that you train with this one flux right here, all the ones in red. You can't, you can't generate the images of your products with them. It's only this one.

Speaker  436287:59
So let's go ahead and

Speaker  437343:59
I'll do like, live demo of how it works. So I

Speaker  439173:20
got some prompts. Well, first of all, yeah, let me, let me show you this.

Speaker  441989:20
So here you can add images and you can add styles. A style is what they call the model. The model is what I just showed you. So if I add style, and I pick myself, I don't even have a prompt in there, just, I just click Generate. And so I have this image here. It's the Joker. And I just want to kind of show you, because this is kind of tool Cool. Cool. It's like a thing. Is a good way to kind of show you how this tool works. So you see, I have the Joker here as an image, and I have my style. And so I'm just, you have these, like, what I would call levers. You see how that the box gets dark and light as I scroll up and down. And I can do the same here. So you have, like, a lever up and a lever down. And so if I come all the way down with this, and go all the way up with mine, and I try to generate then it's just a picture of me. But if I go further up with the Joker, then you're going to kind of start seeing it's half the Joker, half me.

Speaker  458501:20
If I go even higher up. So

Speaker  459866:40
to me, it's, it's kind of magical, the way you can do this. Because, I mean, it's like you can do it in real time. You can try to get the exact image that you want just based on an example that you feed it. And so if I pull the lever down, and I want less of my model, and I want the the further down you go, you're allowing the AI to become more creative and go away from your actual model. Same thing with the image. The more you go down, you're allowing the AI to kind of get away from, from the from the image you gave it. So it's kind of looking more like the Joker and less like me. As I pull down, I

Speaker  470293:19
and so

Speaker  471301:20
I'll give you one more quick example. So this is a an iconic image, Shay, I'm not communist, but I don't follow this guy. But anyway, it's an iconic image,

Speaker  474597:20
so I put him in there, same type of thing.

Speaker  477818:39
And that's a, what a 5050? Is

Speaker  478266:40
it kind of, yeah, you can, you can get it. I.

Speaker  480000:00
And I go all the way up with them,

Speaker  481407:59
and then if I go up too high, then I take myself down. I put that one down too much. It's gonna stop looking like me at some point. So it's kind of neat, you know? And you can do this with products, as I'll show you, hopefully. Yeah, I think about good amount of time, but to me, I've never seen a tool do this, and that's why I create. AI for me is you can't do this type of stuff in ever art. And anyway, so

Speaker  488725:20
we can go ahead and I'll start with some of the products. This

Speaker  491349:19
should be legit for my kids birthday party invitations. You can have them looking like Superman or something, or, yeah, totally.

Speaker  493674:39
So really you can, you can put in any prompt you want, um,

Speaker  495354:39
you know, see, you can do like

Speaker  496640:00
boy in swimsuit at pool.

Speaker  498528:00
Now you see the colors are not right, so there's a problem there. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to add the colors results I can show that if you ask again from your iPhone, boy in neon green

Speaker  502837:20
and yellow swimsuit

Speaker  503925:20
with orange accent. So

Speaker  505397:20
once you kind of tell the AI a little bit more what what you want, now it looks exactly like the the swimsuit. And then I mean, I'll just try something random,

Speaker  510234:40
eating dinner

Speaker  510922:40
at a table. I don't know if it'll do this, but just try and look how fast it makes the generations too. That's whenever you start,

Speaker  513695:59
like, if you've used mid journey,

Speaker  514543:59
or any tool, it takes kind of forever for those images to upload. But this is like, almost as fast as you can type you can get. So what I do a lot of times, too, is like, you can make the prompt as simple as you want, or you can make it complex. Sometimes I find if you try to add too many things, it messes up the AI, like, like, the more you the more complex you make it. Sometimes, the worse the output is. Sometimes a simple prompt is better, but you just got to try a lot of different things to see if you can get the output that you want. I use Claude and chat GPT, and I tell, I tell the AI, I tell them what I'm doing. I say, I'm working in a app that generates AI images, and I'm trying to create lifestyle images for this product. Could you help me and give me some prompt ideas, and then the chat GPT or Claude will give you prompts that you can kind of paste in here. So I have a few here that I had got from Ai. So this one is just, you know, it says setting Sunny, crowded beach, children playing in the background, the child model, age three to five, is laughing while building sand castles near the shore, you know, so on.

Speaker  535077:19
So, yeah, definitely lean on AI to try to get unique and creative prompts like use chat GPT.

Speaker  537093:19
So if you want to make a small adjustment, like, say, can you make it slightly sunnier? Do you have to rewrite the whole prompt? Or can you just say, can you make a can you ask for an adjustment based on just that image?

Speaker  540250:40
Yeah. So what I do is, sometimes, if I have a prompt that I say, I get a prompt from chat GPT, and I put it in, and it's kind of what I want, but not quite. I'll put it like in a text editor app, and I'll read through it and see what parts I need to change, and then I'll change a couple things, and then I'll try again. And so you can keep doing that. You can just keep tweaking. It and things like that.

Speaker  546880:00
So here's another one, mom with her kid. So, so, yeah, so that's a swimsuit. I'll just kind of go through each product, just to kind of show you how It works.

Speaker  551365:19
So this is the pickleball paddle.

Speaker  555061:20
So if I go all the way up with the lever, it might look too much like the images I used to create it. So watch, let's try that. I go all the way up. You see this one right here? This is almost like it took a photo from my photo shoot and just kind of pasted it in there. I. And then if you go like almost all the way down, it's not held like your paddle anymore. It

Speaker  561600:00
kind of still does, to a certain extent,

Speaker  562912:00
go down even further.

Speaker  564928:00
So yeah, it's it gets away from the actual model. As you go further down, you're allowing the the AI to kind of like, have a little bit more creativity in it.

Speaker  567733:20
So I'll show one more like,

Speaker  571413:20
a key. Hero shot.

Speaker  573338:40
Yes, it's actually pretty good, all right. So, yeah, let me do another I kind of just wanted to do a little bit with each product. I If

Speaker  578784:00
you don't really get the output that you want, you just keep kind of playing with this, and you keep playing with the prompts. And then if you're really not getting the result you want, you make a new model.

Speaker  581440:00
And like I said, you can stop from scratch.

Speaker  582149:20
Yeah, you can use some of the AI renderings you got that were halfway decent and put those back in the model like I shared earlier. So these are, so that's kind of a long prompt, but just to show you, like you don't always in the like, a really long prompt, you can kind of be basic. This is one that I had that the last time I got a decent output with you see, sometimes AI just add stuff like you don't have a handle on the bag, you know. So don't know why I did that, but you know that happens. So that's just a small prompt that I have here. It's small, black handbag on display in a high end store kind of gives you this little hero shot.

Speaker  593968:00
I'll do one more for that.

Speaker  595263:59
Can you put video as input?

Speaker  596175:59
Video? No,

Speaker  596832:00
not. You can have videos out. You can have videos output, but you can't have videos input. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  599013:20
So, yeah. So, that's the handbag I'll do the shoe product. I

Speaker  605274:40
So, yeah, this is just a prop that I had got from chat, G, P, T, and it gave me all this straight on product shot of the gold standard spray position on the floating, clear, medium height acrylic pedestal against the soft, cream textured background. The White can with gold and black typography is perfectly centered with directional lighting from underneath, creating a neon white glow. So, you know. So that's something I didn't come up with. That's the I gave me that so and but as you can see, the colors are off on this one, so not all the outputs are good, and you can't really see the text that good at the bottom. It kind of, again, that's gonna have to be Photoshop. But I mean, your graphic designers, like, two thirds of the way there, just, she's gotta do a little bit of editing for you. And like, if you another use case of this is, like, let's say you wanted to see your product, like, in a different color, or, or, like you just wanted to do ideas of packaging, like you can get it to give you weird packaging, good ideas. I don't know, it might not be the best use case, but like, the further you go down, the more it's gonna, like, go off.

Speaker  623002:40
You know, like I can do, let me try one. I

Speaker  625263:59
i put gold standard shoe protector in black, and gold can, I don't know,

Speaker  627424:00
see it really went off the

Speaker  628656:00
so you can kind of see, okay, well, my can look like if it was black, maybe do a PickFu or intellivier or whatever, test or sell a metric. So one of those, and just see if you know, there's other use cases, maybe not the biggest one. So

Speaker  633573:20
I'll do one more prompt for this one. I

Speaker  635562:40
so this is just, you know, sneaker enthusiasts around 25 spraying the product on a collection of limited edition sneakers.

Speaker  637674:40
So that's kind of what you got there.

Speaker  639034:40
So yeah, another kind of tip. Um. It's like for the for the paddle, I'll put in there, like the text, crbn is his brand name. I'll put in the prompt display CRB on the right side of the paddle in large text. Because what's sometimes, what the AI was doing was just giving me garbage text right there. And I find that if you tell the in the prompt what to put on the paddle, you can get some of the text straightened out that way. But for the smaller text, it just rarely ever works. You can have to Photoshop. So again, I think the technology is just going to keep getting better. So we got some time left. Let me show you some other some other stuff that's kind of kind of interesting here. So I had showed Kyle the I wanted some feedback on the images that I was making, and a couple of the things he said was like, for one, the paddle handle was too long. And then he said that he didn't think that some of the user images I showed him that he would ever use, because it looked a little bit too AI generated, especially when you had have people in it. Sometimes it does look a little, you know, it's aI so, you know, you can detect it, but you know, it's really all subjective as to what you're what you find acceptable for your brand or not. But, um, but anyway, he did give me some example photos, and if you give the AI examples, you can get a little bit better output, and I'll show you that. So he did critique. He says, the pan, the the paddle handle, look too long. And I would think that maybe that that was my fault, because in these images, the angle that I'm at might have made the paddle handle look too long. So maybe, you know, with that feedback, I could go back in and maybe take the paddle at some different angles that perhaps maybe won't make the handle look quite as long. But anyway, let me kind of show you this. So he gave me some images as examples of stuff that he had done.

Speaker  671370:40
And so I'll show you. I

Speaker  673472:00
So this is a photo shoot that he did for his brand, and he sent me the images from the photo shoot. So let me take this image and let me add that with the model and see if I can get something similar. So obviously, it would be stupid for you to have to go and do a photo shoot, just so that you can generate AI. But what you could do is your competitors already have photos. You could take a competitor's photo of them holding pickleball paddle, and you say, Hey, that's a really good image. You take it into this tool, you drop it in here with your model, and then you can kind of get a similar image,

Speaker  682197:19
yeah. Or if you're launching a new color, and you've already got a good image you like, then you could quite easily make an image with the same model, but just with a different color or a different

Speaker  684826:40
design, yeah, yeah. And so and I find it, whether it's an LLM like chat, GPT, or even these image generation models, when you give it examples, you can get a really good output once it sees the example. So this was the original picture, and this is what the output is giving me now that I kind of fed it that picture you see. Would you say that that's kind of similar a guy with a white shirt, white hat, sunglasses, holding the paddle. I

Speaker  694485:20
So and then the more you go up, the closer you can get to the image. Because the first image is he didn't even have the sunglasses on or the hat right here. But as I kind of pulled that lever up, I got it a bit closer to the image. Let me try another one. So we have this girl with a paddle from his photo shoot.

Speaker  702154:40
So she's not wearing red. She's wearing like a dark shirt. So let me go up higher see if she ends up wearing red. Yeah. So you just mess with these levers. I mean, that's why I like this tool. It's just, to me, it's, it's just really cool how you can do that. You can kind of manipulate it, get the exact thing that you want see. So now I went up really high, it's starting to look like, Well, yeah, that's actually pretty good, honestly. So let me show you the original again. Oh, and this is what I forgot to show. This is really important. You see right here, you can change what kind of image it is. So if you want a bigger image, like you want to a wide ratio type image, or whatever horizontal you can make the images any size you want, for social media, whatever application you have, you can do kind of like the, you know,

Speaker  715882:40
vertical and horizontal.

Speaker  717082:40
So that's another really cool feature, is that you don't have to be stuck with just one size of image. So, yeah, so that's any image you give it, it'll try to make. One similar to what you give it. You know, it'll try to replicate it. So I think that's pretty good. Maybe just try one more for the example.

Speaker  722896:00
Oh, actually, we got to look at the video. Can we do the videos?

Speaker  723616:00
Yeah, yeah. So let me see how much time we got left. Jamie,

Speaker  725119:59
we've got 16 minutes. Okay,

Speaker  726325:19
all right, so once you have an image, so whenever you go to this tab up here, it's called assets, all of your outputs can be found here. And so what you can do is, let's just say you find an image you like, you have these options down here. So number one, you can, you can upscale it and enhance it, but I will say, I've tried this a little bit, and sometimes it messes up your images when it upscales. But you know, that is an option. You can, you can test out, but then also you can pretty much turn any image into a video. And I tried this about a month ago, and it wasn't that great. And then last night, as I was preparing for this presentation, I decided to try a few more. And I was, I was kind of impressed with they really improved the video part. So I did make a few of them to show you.

Speaker  739840:00
Let me see. So this is one.

Speaker  741008:00
This came from an image. It's just like a little five second clip, but you can expand it to make it longer. So for me, if this was my product, this would be great for some B roll, like a social media video, like on Tiktok, or something, you know, you can have, like, a influencer talking about your product, and you can cut to this B roll of A, and you can make multiple, multiple images like this. And so then for the paddle, there's a little five second clip of one of the hero shots.

Speaker  748890:40
And then

Speaker  749434:40
this was a swimsuit. I thought this one came out really good. You could definitely tell it's AI. But like for B roll, it's going to be quick. I'm sure it's just going to keep getting better. It'd be better to learn how to do this now and then. When the technology gets really good, you know, you'll be able to really use it. I thought this one was cool, too. I didn't I didn't give it any prompt, really, other than initial prompt for the image. And you see how the text didn't change. That's what really impressed me the most. Like it just stayed. I and we kind of lit up the back like that. I didn't even tell it to do that. That was kind of neat. So, so yeah, like, I could just turn this into a video if I want, and then all you got to do is, I don't even know if you have to give it a prompt. Maybe you do. I and

Speaker  764698:40
then it takes a little while, and, you know, takes like, a minute or so to make the clip. Well, what I kind of noticed yesterday is, um, so this is the one I made yesterday. You can actually extend it if you want it to go even longer. And then you just, you just say, extend. And then you make a second clip. So you can make some longer videos in five seconds, you know, test all that out. Another thing I want to show, too, if we have a little bit of time, Jamie, can I show one more thing?

Speaker  773621:20
Yeah, sure, let's do it, yeah, this would be amazing once you could do video input as well. So, you know, I could just film, like, maybe just like, a quick, a quick video of somebody opening up the handbag and demonstrating it, the one take and then, and then it could just do a better one,

Speaker  778229:20
right? Yeah, I mean,

Speaker  779013:20
there are, I think there are. I don't know if there are any tools that take video as the input, but you could definitely do a screenshot of the video as your starting frame. And so some of these tools allow you to do a starting frame and an end frame. So you can write a screenshot of the video for your starting frame, and then where the video ends, you make that your closing frame. And then the AI tries to fill in the gap between the start, the start and the finish. So and there are a bunch of different video tools in this app too. So you see they have all these different ones. They have these are, if anybody knows AI, you've probably heard of some of these names. Pika is really hot right now. This Wan two is the one that I use, which I'm really impressed with. VO two is a Google's video app, which is really good. So with the C with Korea AI, you don't need to get a subscription to all these video tools. All you need to do is get Korea, and then you can have it generate from any of these tools, which is another really cool thing about this app, because those subscriptions for those tools gets quite expensive if you have multiple ones, because some of them do things a little bit better than the others. So it's better if you can have multiple subscriptions or multiple access to all the tools that create these these videos. Let me just show you this real quick. Did it generate

Speaker  798266:40
that the paddle image? What's that the paddle video? Is that ready now? Is that loaded or not? I.

Speaker  800319:59
Paddle. Let's see this one. Yeah, let's see yeah. No finalizing, okay, all right, let me show you this real quick, because I think this is kind of important.

Speaker  804880:00
So let me just take, like, say, the shoe cleaner.

Speaker  806245:20
I found an image. I couldn't find shoe cleaner ads.

Speaker  807493:20
There's not that many on the internet, but I did find, like an ad for a cleaner. So I found this. So it's another really cool use case is you can take ads from competitors and you can kind of pop them in here with your models, and you don't even really need a prompt. You just need the ad. And you can add a prompt and it'll consider both of them, but you can actually make ads, but you see how it's kind of like, just generic text or like, you know,

Speaker  816570:40
it's not jumping out. This is not great. Let me

Speaker  817088:00
see if I can get a better output. Here you see

Speaker  818128:00
mouse starting to look like that other bottle because I went too high. But

Speaker  820800:00
you can actually make ads in here, which to me, blows my mind that. Think about it. This is the worst this technology is ever going to get. It's only going to get better from here, like you're going to be able to make some really, really good ads. You may, you may be able to run a business like this without a graphic designer at some point, you know, just using AI. And I'll just show you this real quick so the text can be changed. Let me download this image, and then I've got a Canva. If you've ever used Canva, you come in here and you can put this this image. This is not the greatest ad, but I just want to use it for the sake of example. You click Edit, and then you just click grab text, alt text if you can read all of it. So that's kind of one hack for the fact that AI is not good at text. You can actually come into Canva and just

Speaker  837040:00
change it to

Speaker  838032:00
whatever. You want,

Speaker  840053:19
you see, so can play around with it. I mean, what I like to do, too is I've used this, these tools, and I've made things that are similar to what I want, and just played around with it. So I got something similar, and I gave it to my graphic designer, and I said, I want something similar to this, so she was able to kind of have more to go on than just me saying what I wanted or what I was interested in. So that's some other use cases for this. This video is still not ready. It looks like it's finalized. Yeah, it takes a few minutes. Oh, that's the, I

Speaker  850144:00
don't know what happened to the yeah, there it is. We

Speaker  851040:00
want to deal with the paddle.

Speaker  852047:59
But anyway, yeah, so I think, I think that was I showed you most of the features I wanted to kind of get across in the presentation.

Speaker  854469:20
Great. So there's a couple of questions from the chat. How much use do you get out of your $35 a month subscription?

Speaker  856341:20
What is it? What was the question

Speaker  857301:20
for your $35 a month subscription on prayer, like, how much does that? Does Do you ever run out of credit? Or is it quite

Speaker  859882:40
well, I don't know if it's because it's so new that they're just letting people like, like, last night, I bought some credits because I was scared that when I did this presentation it would just stop in the middle. But I didn't really need to, because I'm like, 141% past my my subscription, it'll let me just keep going. But I never had. I never had. It never stopped me from producing, generating AI output because I ran out of credits. But if you do, they have these compute packs. They're kind of cheap. So for like, 10, $10 you can get a bunch more credits. This one, you know, just $5 but I've, I only did it last night because I was paranoid about, like, Man, I don't want to be in the middle of this call and, like, I can't generate anything. So I just bought some because it showed I was, like, 144%

Speaker  874437:20
beyond my usage limits. So,

Speaker  875450:40
yeah, look, I did 141% of my plan here, and I did 104% with the with the images.

Speaker  877370:40
So way past Chad was asking, there's a picture where you had the paddle ball logo, the paddle logo on your shirt. You. Is that like a prompt,

Speaker  880608:00
or did it just automatically do that based on the images,

Speaker  881312:00
the one, the one where I was in it? Yeah, let's see that

Speaker  883791:59
would have been in my slides, I guess.

Speaker  885232:00
Oh no, that wasn't a prompt that just as they I just did that. That's pretty incredible. Yeah, they are just the prop, yeah.

Speaker  888133:20
So, okay, so for packaging, will it generally just, it'll just, it'll just generate that garbage text that you don't have to switch out in Canva normally, right?

Speaker  891029:20
Well, I don't know if you'll be able to edit the actual like bottle, but any text that would be associated like in your, you know, this could all be edited in a Canva, I believe. But like, as far as like this, you know, the the, you know, let me find one that was like a decent output, like this. Text here, you probably get your graphic designer, or hire someone on Fiverr or Upwork, hire a design, someone who does Photoshop, and you could probably clean this up, really, really good, make it look exactly like the product.

Speaker  901375:59
Yeah. How good is it at having people hold stuff? In general?

Speaker  903045:20
It's pretty good. Again. You can have you just have to keep doing the prompts until you get what you want.

Speaker  905205:20
I can just do an example real quick. I

Speaker  909482:40
just while that's loading. Another question is, have you tried using 3d render images as training?

Speaker  911386:39
Yeah, so as

Speaker  912490:40
to create the models, yeah, yeah. So I think if you had a bunch of 3d renders and along with some of the output from Ai, you could probably get a really, really good model. Um,

Speaker  916400:00
yeah, I think it would work. Well, honestly,

Speaker  917375:59
one of the things I was kind of messing with yesterday, which I didn't get too deep into it, but I took the swimsuit, and I took all of the images, you know, the images where I took it in my warehouse, where I laid it flat. I took pretty much almost all of those out, and I was trying to make a model with just the AI output. I think I wasn't able to actually definitively prove that I was getting a better result. Getting a better result. But now my model is only, only stuff I've created with AI and I just, I just included, like, two of the way flat, you know, things I took in the warehouse. So, yeah, the if this was all 3d models of an image, you probably get a really good, really good result, really, I think,

Speaker  927578:40
or I guess, if you, if you didn't want to use your own kid in the photos, you could just upload photos of your kid wearing it, and then you could just get it to generate a different kid.

Speaker  930256:00
Yeah, and because and because. Sometimes, yeah, it should work. Sometimes it does. Over train the includes the faces in there. One thing that I had tried successfully, let me see if I can show you,

Speaker  935205:20
is I blurred out the faces

Speaker  936197:19
so that it wouldn't copy the faces from my output. Okay, and that actually worked, but sometimes it would if I didn't bur the hair out. It'll show the hair with a different face. So, so yeah, it's, it's kind of easy to over train these models, and it'll want to, it'll want to make your output the same kids like you can see, a lot of these kids look alike because of that,

Speaker  942154:40
if you kind of notice. Okay, so we've got another question about how you could go about this with supplements. So you would just that you just that you just take photos of your bottles and you just put a white label over the top. Can you just talk a little bit about the process for supplement or some kind of consumable?

Speaker  946368:00
So because it's not good with text, what we decided to start doing is we just take photos of the of our bottle with a white label. And she my graphic designer, she's able to, she knows how to put labels on in Photoshop. So you'd have to have someone you know that has decent graphic design skills to help you do that. I'm not able to do that because I don't know how to use Photoshop that well. She can, and that's another cool thing too. I started playing around with these tools, and my graphic designer had never used almost anything AI, not even chat GPT. And I just started showing her this, and she took to it pretty easily. And she, like, loves it. Like her whole workflow now is all using Korea and then starting on her, you know, whatever images she has to create. She goes to the AI first, and then she goes into Photoshop with everything. So don't be scared to, like, show your. Team these tools and get them to start using it. You know, if they're, you know, it's very simple. They don't have to, like, be extremely tech savvy with, like, complicated software. They just got to be able to upload the images and and learn how to prompt and kind of fine tune it and get the result that they want. Right.

Speaker  964816:00
Next question, when a product has the same packaging with different colors. Is it better to create a model for each one? Or could you put them all in the same one?

Speaker  967349:20
Yeah, you need, you need a model for each one?

Speaker  968213:20
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker  969413:20
I can do a quick experiment, if you want. I had tried something other day. Ask me the next question while I look this up. Is

Speaker  971962:40
there any other questions?

Speaker  972602:40
Yeah, someone says, Use the Canva, grab text,

Speaker  973546:40
competitor ads, copying competitor ads. Can it do logo designs?

Speaker  976282:40
Logo? Yeah, I'm sure you could do logos. I don't know what you can use this, just like any other tool is the same. Can it create a logo from scratch or add your logo to the Yeah? Because there's a bit

Speaker  979072:00
where you just you, there's a bit where you can just prompt it from scratch for stuff, isn't there? Yeah, you can

Speaker  980384:00
do that too, without having any models or any

Speaker  981488:00
are you talking about a logo that you already have?

Speaker  982357:20
No could it divide devise? Could it just design logo? Could you say, you know, design a logo for my yoga studio?

Speaker  985029:20
Great. A logo for a

Speaker  986725:19
I don't know what it would give you. I know ideogram is pretty good with stuff like that.

Speaker  989098:40
I'm out of compute. Actually, that's what I was scared

Speaker  991754:40
of. Oh no, I can't change it now.

Speaker  993344:00
Have you tried putting an AI image up on your main image for Amazon yet, just like playing white backgrounds, that's

Speaker  995263:59
what we use? Yeah,

Speaker  996672:00
wow, they made it through the whole call. Now it's asking me to upgrade. I

Speaker  998165:20
So anyway,

Speaker  999141:20
yeah, a lot of people speculating that, you know, graphic designers better get pretty good at this, yeah, because this is probably potentially the way things are going to be going, right? You know, get have your marketing team get used to this, and then, you know, the graphic designers can be just making final changes from from these as good, good way of creating, like a first copy. So, yeah, it's cool. Well, you can unshare. We could finish up. Thanks. Thanks guys for coming on. Great questions. So yeah, let's everyone sign up and start posting fun photos on MDs, and let's all give it a try and experiment with it and see what we can do. Because, yeah, let's experiment with settings. I'm sure it's going to be great fun.

Speaker  1013216:00
Thanks, Daniel, awesome.

Speaker  1013925:19
See you guys. See you guys next week. Okay, bye, bye.
