MDS TikTok Channel Call
Date: June 26, 2025

Speaker  880:00
Here. Oh, I'm gonna remind Belen that she should be there. I'm

Speaker  10469:20
Oh, he's here away. Great. Hey, Brynne, thank you for joining. Please be on the lookout for anything that Alex needs in case.

Speaker  14602:40
Yeah, no problem. No. Thank you. Yeah, of course. All right, go ahead.

Speaker  18080:00
Okay, bye, guys, enjoy and don't forget to record this, because people always want to check this out afterwards too.

Speaker  20112:00
Okay, Brynne, you're you're on that. Right?

Speaker  20752:00
Yep, yep. I

Speaker  20944:00
got cool. Thank you. I was like, it

Speaker  22117:20
wasn't, no, it's just a matter of starting the

Speaker  22661:20
recording. No worries. Yeah.

Speaker  23621:20
Okay, perfect. Enjoy. Bye. Awesome.

Speaker  27498:40
All right, let's see we are at 1001. One minute after a lot of you guys are on time. Good to see you. Good to see some familiar faces. I think I know everyone here so far right on. How are we doing today? How is TikTok treating everybody? I know it's a beast. I know there are some not fun parts about it, but hopefully everyone's still as excited about it as I am. I still feel like I haven't even scratched the surface due to inventory issues and whatnot, but I'm excited to hear from you guys see how the last month has gone. I know we covered a lot last month, so if, if anyone was here last month and wants to give us an update, or, you know, feel free to shoot off any questions. Let's just, let's just get this going. Fedor, how's it going? Brother,

Speaker  41829:20
personally, pretty well. TikTok, not so great. Yeah, it's been quite slow, so I ran into an issue where I ended up having a negative balance on the account unbeknownst to me. So what ended up happening because I was using shipping by TikTok for a while, and we sent out just a ton of samples, and weren't getting enough sales to cover the balance, and then, long story short, they cut off all of my ability to run promotions, so I can't run promotions, and it's basically kind of slow going now to get the sales coming in, to get the account balance back to normal. So that's one area of struggle I've had. But

Speaker  54613:20
yeah, was that? Was that the reason for that issue you're having to with, like not being able to create private collabs?

Speaker  56389:20
What? Well, not private collabs, it's the sample request. But

Speaker  57525:20
you had the collab set up, but you couldn't do that. Sam, yeah, so

Speaker  58645:19
I've had to manually send them out. And I also think that as a result there, there seems to be some sort of like shadow block or something like that. Yes, I'm just not, I'm not seeing sales come through, but yeah, I'm gonna still working on getting it resolved, and still hoping to make some progress.

Speaker  65040:00
Because is this because, like, your score, your shop score, is kind of low right now, or they just like, well, the

Speaker  66656:00
weird thing is, shop score is not that bad, but, yeah, the negative balance still hasn't, and I don't want to just, like, place an order for, you know, like, 50 units or whatever at once, because it's going to look super shady. So anyway, yeah, fun times.

Speaker  72213:20
Gotcha. So you need some sales to cover that bat, that balance, and until you have so, yeah, Max

Speaker  74133:20
isn't working. Oh. So one thing actually, I found out, and I I kind of had a suspicion about this before, but now it's 100% confirmed. I had my MDS squad group members buy several things from my shop at the same like over the course of a couple days, and I had no other sales. So every single order that came through ended up being attributed to GMV Max, despite each of the sales going directly to the shop link for the product. Whoa, and every single sale was attributed to my GMV Max campaign.

Speaker  84464:00
Weird. Yeah,

Speaker  84800:00
that that GMV Max is a total, I guess, just look at it as a total ACOs or total ROI metric. So you need, when you set that GMV Max row as goal, you need to look at that row as as your total row as not just like what we're used to with sponsored ads. It's not the same,

Speaker  90309:20
yeah? So you're basically, it's tacos. You said your tacos, right?

Speaker  91178:40
Tacos? Yeah,

Speaker  92122:39
the reciprocal of tacos, which would be the net ROAs, yeah, right.

Speaker  93082:40
So, yeah, be careful with that. If you guys don't know that already, yeah, don't think that the only thing that won't show up in GME Max are live sales. So, so that if your numbers aren't adding up and you're doing lives, that's why. But for the most part, GMV Max will show every single cell you get on the entire account, and then factor in ad spend to calculate your your ROAs,

Speaker  100112:00
yeah, good to know. It's a little quite misleading if you ask me, tell

Speaker  101344:00
you slacks, they, I mean, they, they need to split those metrics up, man, just

Speaker  102389:19
so we had crazy, yeah, because my ROAs is, it looks insanely good, you know, despite the fact that they're not even like, actual sales. So anyway,

Speaker  106005:19
um, so you need sales when you think of ways get you some sales. Have, have Have you tried? I don't know if you have anyone doing lives for you yet, but our flat live flash sales nipped in the butt. I've in the past. I was like band, we were able to sneak those through.

Speaker  110762:40
Oh, live flash else. No, I haven't tried those yet. I guess maybe I could talk to a few creators, like on wealth builders or something, to see if they'd be willing to run. Yeah, it's not a

Speaker  114607:59
bad idea.

Speaker  115680:00
Yeah, when I was basically taking off of the affiliate center because people were sabotaging my reviews, we so I couldn't run. We couldn't like people, couldn't even tag our product and shoppable videos, which is terrible. All existing videos were fine, but if you wanted to post a new video, you couldn't tag us. But if you ran alive with the flash sale, it would work,

Speaker  123450:40
incredible. Yeah, it's good idea.

Speaker  125690:39
How negative. How negative are you right now? Is that you're trying to

Speaker  126538:39
make? Yeah, I'm pretty close at this point. I just need, I don't know, like a few more, it's really, really not a whole lot.

Speaker  128688:00
Yeah, maybe just run and run, like, whoever is down to do this live, just run an aggressive flash sale. If it works, do like 50% off. Try to fire off a few, like, 20 sales real quick.

Speaker  131504:00
I mean, I know this one dude, his name is Alex Bonilla, who's pretty good at live, so I'm hitting him up.

Speaker  133920:00
Yeah,

Speaker  134645:20
let's see anyone else, anyone else got any updates for us or questions?

Speaker  136629:20
Hey, just quick question. Alex, seems like everything's being pushed into, like they're trying to push, obviously, everyone into GMV max for any time it's a shop ad. I assume most of the people in this group have ama enabled on their account. Are you going in and excluding or removing a lot of at least the shop ads from your from your GMV Max campaigns? Or I'm just trying to figure out, because, like, given that attribution issue where they're just throwing everything in there, and it seems like across both of our accounts, we're seeing compression on on ROAs as a result, and it's because they're forcing everyone into it. And basically anyone can opt in to GMV Max Now, therefore, like, it's pay to play. But like, like, are a lot of people pulling out your, at least your shoppable videos from your GMV Max ads, or are you just opting in on all of them? Or are you just not even running GMV Max?

Speaker  153029:20
Yeah. Well, if anything, for me, there's that new feature where you can boost creatives. So if anything I'm I haven't taken only time I took something out was because we had, like, a slight label change. And one video that was crushing showed a different label than what people were getting, and that was causing some bad reviews. So I had to take that out. But other than that, like anything that's performing pretty bad should be taken out automatically by Max gene, gnV, Max, if anything, I'm worried about some videos that have potential not getting enough. So you'll see some set some videos that have, like a cell after 700 views, and you're just like, Well, why isn't this getting more, you know, like it could be anything, you know,

Speaker  166197:20
my ad rep told me that they, once they get a certain number to cycle in, they don't cycle any more videos in for like, 30 days, and then it's every 30 day, or something along those lines. They don't, they aren't actually all those samples going out, aren't actually going in and being rotated through your GMV Max ads when new videos come on, which is, notice that too, they take credit in your GMV max if they get sales, but they don't cycle them on that.

Speaker  173450:40
Yeah, I've noticed that too. And when I was running GME or running ads a little bit more heavy, I'm kind of dialing down right now because I can't, it sounds weird, but I can't risk going viral right now. But I was basically just running Jamie max for like a week and then or two, and then pausing it and then restarting the exact same campaign, like recreating the exact same campaign. So yeah, so it goes. It picks those new videos that dropped in the last two weeks. It was a theory of mine. I have no proof, but sounds like what you're saying.

Speaker  182949:20
Yeah, I'm kind of thinking about that. And just restarting, versus like pausing restarting. The same ad is just create a create a new one. Yeah,

Speaker  184805:20
I would just pause it and restart it, or not restart. Pause it, recreate it,

Speaker  186613:20
duplicate it, all, right? I'll put them on my calendar and rotate them for every two weeks or something, and see what. I'll try that.

Speaker  188522:40
Yeah.

Speaker  190346:40
See how's everyone else doing with anyone? Anyone still on that cold start phase and trying to, like, you know, still get to those first 1000 sales. How's that going for you? If so, and like, what strategies are using try to get there? So we,

Speaker  195152:00
we launched TikTok, like two months ago. An agency is managing it for us, and we actually went viral pretty quickly. We went viral like four or five times. So we definitely saw the lift on Amazon, but we didn't see it as quick on TikTok, because we didn't have the sales. Then we started ramping up, then we put the reviews from judge me on it, and that kind of ticked it off more. And so basically it was like just trying to figure out the formula for people watching till the end, and what the agency is doing is like just doing the same thing over and over and over again. And that kind of seemed to work pretty well, at least for a month now we are shut down right now for the last three weeks because of some suspicious activity, I think, I mean, we were not doing any giveaway. This is all organic virality. So we appealed twice. It got rejected, and then now we have an escalation going on. But I don't they're asking and saying, like, oh, the tax returns, returns are a little blurry, so we had to resend that. Then they're asking, like, the passport had, like, a finger on it, so now they're saying, like, send me new ones. I don't know if it's this is like the Seller Support game where they're just, like, saying whatever, or is like actually going to go anywhere but appeal anymore. But we just asked them to submit it for us, so the escalation Chad would submit the appeal now, and that seems from the agency that we work with. It seems like that's the process. He's not super worried about it. I'm kind of like, if about it, I don't know that's is, is okay, normal. So that's where we are.

Speaker  228928:00
Damn that's crazy. So you're picking up some steam, and then now, all sudden, you're having issues with your account due to some, like, verification stuff that should have been, yeah, flagged a long time ago. It's coming out of nowhere. That is, we started

Speaker  232405:20
kicking off competitors, like, not competitors, sorry. I mean, like copycats, yeah. And that's the only thing that kind of was a little different in the few weeks leading of a week leading up to that, and that's kind of what we think triggered more verification, and that's the only differentiator in that Time.

Speaker  239610:40
So dang Yeah, yeah. But so you're just kind of and

Speaker  241232:00
just yeah, just waiting for the last three weeks.

Speaker  242384:00
What's your what's your agency doing for you in regards to managing your account? What that? What does that entail? So

Speaker  244256:00
we work with the same one that Hassan hasn't worked with. So

Speaker  245216:00
they pretty

Speaker  245536:00
much do everything. We don't look at it at all. This is kind of almost, you know, we are in Home Improvement categories, so this is kind of like a throwaway. Let's try it six months. We are fine losing the money if we have to, but without doing any affiliate, it's catching steam. So that was a little reassuring. So when we come back, I'm pretty sure it's going to be an interesting inventory management problem.

Speaker  255002:40
Yeah, sounds like it, yeah. Sounds like Yeah. Start preparing for that. Now you I think you will get back up. I keep hearing all this nonsense about TikTok, you know, closing accounts or spending accounts for just the weirdest, you know, thumb, a finger and a photo of a passport. It's so freaking annoying, but it always ends up getting resolved. It's just, it's annoying, how much time it takes and how ridiculous it was in the first place. But yeah, so I would definitely, I mean, if you're already, I'm glad to hear that your agency has been able to help you out without giving out so many samples. I feel like a lot of agencies kind of lean on that, like that's still what works. You know, a year and a half later doesn't work anymore, so that's good to know. So they're creating content for you as well.

Speaker  268778:40
Yeah, they're creating content for us too. I would say, like, when we had, like, the 300 sales mark is when you, like, really see, okay, and the reviews, like, I mean, if I was a customer, that's where I will convert to, but that's kind of the number that is changing.

Speaker  273664:00
Yeah, everything. Yeah,

Speaker  274592:00
yeah. That's good to know. The 300 mark is what Sneha has saying. I just know, for me, it's like you don't even, you haven't even done anything until you're at 100 and then once you had 1000 everything just gets easier. But yeah, 300 definitely has to feel pretty good. Yeah,

Speaker  279173:20
it's definitely fun. I would say TikTok is kind of fun, too. It is

Speaker  280501:20
fun. Yeah, it's a lot of fun.

Speaker  281141:20
For sure, quick question, you said you were kicking kicking people off in terms of, like, were they copycat products? Like, they were like, your listing, basically, or,

Speaker  284218:40
yeah.

Speaker  284570:40
And how do you handle that? Like, we go in the we go in like results, and it's just, like, especially in the shop tab, and it's just tons of our product. And like, we don't wholesale So, and they're selling it sometimes even under what we are. So we don't, we know it's not our product or they're doing something shady. But how do you, how do you handle that in terms of, like, do you just open a ton of cases, or your agency open a ton of cases? And like, we worry that that's kind of what's also hammering our performance on stuff, is that there's just so many of the exact same product listings across, like, both of our brands, it's crazy.

Speaker  294117:20
Yes, they do, but I would not recommend it based on what happened to us once it's resolved. Like, I don't know I did, they do submit cases, a bunch of cases, but it they had to contact like, 25 times to actually get to an actual person for this escalation, and otherwise it was just like automated responses. So to get anything serious done, you have to get like a live agent. The actual live agent,

Speaker  302698:40
got it, got it. Is anyone else like deal with that on their on their products? Alex, you see that very often, like, where there's basically your same listing out there.

Speaker  305552:00
Yeah, I've dealt with it a little bit. It's not anything too crazy. But in supplement space, this is pretty, pretty normal. I haven't really messed around too much with with it. I do notice, like, none of them have sales, so that's probably why I'm, like, kind of over it,

Speaker  310389:20
but

Speaker  311173:20
I know there is an avenue to do it, just as Sneha explained, with your trademark and all that stuff. But, you know, that is that is pretty interesting that now she's dealing with all that. It's almost like, you know, maybe some competitors came back and and are trying to report her, so they're making her have to prove who she is, who she is, which is super annoying. I'm not sure if it's it's worth it if you have competitors, you know, because you can see the units sold, if you have competitors that are crushing it, then yeah, it would probably be worth looking into. I know Jason Pratt is dealing with that a lot, and he found a service that helps with it, so maybe reach out to him to see how that's going. But yeah, he was dealing with that a lot, and I think the service handles Amazon and TikTok and even like Alibaba, when people are trying to sell, say they're selling your stuff on Alibaba, they'll handle all that. It's automated too, from what I understand,

Speaker  326085:20
got it? Okay, yeah, I'll hit him up. Hit

Speaker  326677:20
him up. Yeah, hit him up. The other thing, too, I see a lot of stuff go viral when people are like, that is their hook, you know, or that's the body of their videos. Is like, don't get duped by these fakes. This is the fake. This is the real and I feel like some people should make that shit that like no one's even baking it. But if you do, yeah, it's a good hook. It's a good hook. So, you know, while you're dealing with it, start running some content like that. Done. Good idea. So I have a question. Well, what's up with the or, hold on, Mike, go ahead, real quick, and Chad, I'll come back

Speaker  336912:00
to you. So I have a question for Alex and possibly others, that's kind of less about the nuts and bolts and more sort of higher level. And that is, if you have a product that has multiple benefits, like this, is not just true of supplements, but So Alex, for your product, arthritis is one of many benefits of your product, but it's the one that you're focusing on. Did you choose that based on experimenting, or did you just make the choice at the beginning that that's what you were going to focus on? Yeah,

Speaker  345589:20
no, I did. I didn't make any I didn't choose that at all that, you know, I just found someone who was already talking about that, and got him to talk about my stuff instead of whoever he was talking about, right? I also found someone who loves to talk about prostate enlargement, and she I just told her, Hey, Marina helps with that. Now that's what she talks about. I found someone who talks about breast milk production, you know. So it's like these are things that, you know, I probably would have never thought of, you know, but there's already people out there talking about this stuff. So just reach out to them, let them know if that your product helps with it. I have a we found this one on levanta. It was kind of random, but like a back pain Instagram account reached out to us. They're like, hey, let's, let's collaborate. And they're, they're crushing it.

Speaker  359781:20
And so these are people who already have, these are influencers, not creators, people who have a following,

Speaker  361285:20
yeah, influencers, yeah. But you can basically apply this logic to your own, whatever it is that you're going to build, right? So on my slideshow discord, I do have clusters of people working on different angles, right? So I have the pregnancy angle, the new mom angle for breastfeeding. I have the prostate enlargement. I have the arthritis. You have the the viral stuff about just, you know, stupid stuff on that goes viral on TikTok, you can kind of do whatever you want, yeah, just, just hammer all those angles.

Speaker  370416:00
Okay, so, so it's not like you need to choose just one and stay focused on

Speaker  371856:00
that. I mean, you, you will find, you will find that some angles don't work that well. And then maybe he's not worth continuing it, and then just double down on the ones that are working. But yeah, I would, especially for your product. You know, I'm very, very familiar with your product, so I would just take the same exact approach as I'm doing, just go after all those angles.

Speaker  376933:20
Okay, all right, cool. Yeah.

Speaker  378805:20
Chad, so what's your How's your cold start looking

Speaker  379978:40
it's getting there. I did sell a CO and didn't get didn't get in trouble for it, so that's good. But, yeah, I mean, I still it's, it's my own fault for for the most part, I'm right now. I'm in the process of building a an automation to create content and images and then putting them into a Google Drive folder and giving it to a VA graphic designer who's just going to make slideshows like constantly, all day long, and then I'm doing that for it's like a fake brand Ambassador, like I'm just, you know, it's like a someone, it's like a girl, Gen Z, girl. And then I'm going to do the same thing for my brand, just posting, like, not posting ads or, you know, product stuff on my page, on my brand page, just posting information about drinks and drink recipes and, you know, different hacks and things like that. And then I just want to get some stockpiled, so I'm probably going to launch that like, that'll start ramping up, like, July 1. So, you know, hopefully we'll just see how that goes. I mean, I'm, I don't know, giving away free samples, it seems like has not worked at all for me. And so I'm just going to create the content on my own site, on my own brand, pay, you know, account, and then I'm going to create another influencer, you know, and see how that goes. And then, you know, maybe it's on a much smaller scale, what some other people are doing, you know, where they're creating 1000s of accounts, you know, I have like, 10 accounts, you know, and I'll just try to at least start to get them to talk to each other, you know, see how that goes. So,

Speaker  415674:40
what did you use Celico for, well, actually, I know he used it for, but why?

Speaker  417360:00
Just to try to get more sales. So the unit

Speaker  418512:00
sold number to go up, yeah,

Speaker  419200:00
and I also, I mean, my products 10 bucks, right? It cost me $1 so I didn't mind, you know, giving away, or, you know, whatever. And then I was that, how much did they charge? I think it was like $4 per sale. But then you have to give them the cost of your product too, because they reimburse the seller. So, I mean, it's it's it, it's a lot of money up front, but then you have to realize that you're gonna get whatever percentage back. So it ends up like I said, my product was 10 bucks. So, like, it probably cost me, like, $7 all told to get a sale, you know, because I got the money back from from the original sale, and then I but I had to pay for shipping.

Speaker  434928:00
And do they do reviews that they don't know?

Speaker  435968:00
Yeah, I think the on TikTok, they do. They did. I didn't ask them to or anything. It's funny. I did get two one star reviews from the from them, I sell a flask. I sell a flask that looks like a sunscreen bottle, so it's an empty bottle. And the like negative review was, this is just an empty bottle, like that

Speaker  442277:20
empty sunscreen.

Speaker  442629:20
That's exactly what it is, like, you got it right. And so that was a little bit frustrating, and I reached out to them, and I was just like, I've gotten one star reviews on Amazon before because, you know, the cap was broken or something, but I've never gotten one that just said, this is an empty bottle. So I was like, Can we do something about that? And they wouldn't do anything about it, which is fine, like, I don't give a shit, but it was, it's,

Speaker  450128:00
they don't even know they're buying, probably, yeah, so how many they're like, whatever.

Speaker  451392:00
I don't know what the buyer side of selico looks like, but it's, I imagine, they weren't really clear on what they were getting, right? So, right, yeah, they didn't know what they're buying. They get it, and they're like, What the hell is, you know, probably getting shit like crazy, right? Like, a bunch of stuff. Yeah, they get this and, like, What the hell is this? And, you know, they never really put much thought into what this product is going to be. What am I, you know, buying, or whatever, getting a rebate for? So let's say you, you know you're in $7 per you run a campaign with salco. You want to rattle off like 100 sales, just so you have a decent looking number next to your product. Like the reason why we want units sold next to your product isn't necessarily for the customer as much as it is for it is don't be wrong, but it's also for other affiliates, other affiliates to see that. Oh, people are selling this, right, right? So if someone were to look into your product, especially if you're running bot to send out samples. And this is why samples aren't working for you. And they see zero sales, they're not going to take your product, right? Because they don't want to be the first ones to prove that this is sellable. If they see 100 sales, they're going to go look for the videos, and they're not going to find any, because you just bought them all right? So it's pretty much pointless, right? Buying, buying sales from cell code. Now, there was a point to this in the past when people were trying to unlock access to more messages using the bot, but that was back when sending out 200 samples works or 500 samples that was back when that worked, and that just doesn't work anymore, because there's too many brands now and there's too many creators, and the good creators aren't even checking those messages. So anyone who wants to take a free product from someone with zero sales, either a doesn't know what they're doing, or B doesn't know what they're doing and they just want your free shit.

Speaker  486085:20
Yeah,

Speaker  486357:20
yeah, yeah. That's you. That's what you had said in the past that that really resonated with me. And it's, it's kind of it. I mean, you know, I guess when you buy a ring light on Amazon, you get a certificate that says you're an influencer, because that seems like that's all it takes for anyone to say they're an influencer and they're just, it was, like, comically bad. The like, I almost, I almost think you could go viral with a TikTok account of terrible affiliate videos, like terrible influencer videos, you

Speaker  496010:40
know, open it up with a good hook. Check out how terrible this video, yeah, you know, viral. Would you

Speaker  497456:00
ever buy this shit? Would you ever buy this product based on this, you know, yeah, and then just, you know, I mean, it's, you know, I actually, I actually got into it a little bit. I was trying to be polite, as polite as I could. I even ran it through Chad, but I was part of this Facebook group that I'm now not a part of anymore. They banned me, but it was all influencers and and this one woman posted in her living room. She had like 30 boxes of shit, and she's like, look at all this free stuff I got, and my response was, I'm a brand owner, and you know, just maybe food for thought, my two cents, you're not getting free stuff. There's an expect. There's an expectation that a brand owner sends that you have to live up to like you are earning that product, and when you say free stuff, you're diluting the influencer pool, because you're getting people signing up that just want free stuff. And then everyone got mad at me, but

Speaker  516528:00
now you're banned.

Speaker  516768:00
Yeah, now I got kicked out. But like, that's, they could just dawned on me, like that's the problem is free samples, they're not free. Like, you have to earn it by making a video, and nobody

Speaker  521397:20
the good try. Yeah,

Speaker  522533:20
yeah. Like, yeah, just put some effort into it. Like, put a graphic on there, do subtitles. Like, don't use this Kat, yeah. Like, don't just, you know, the bare minimum is just, it's, it's ruining it for the people who you know, if I sent out 500 samples, which I probably have. If I got 10 decent videos, I'd be, I'd be okay with that. That's not, that's not great, but that's 10 videos that, you know, I could continue to run ads to, and I literally, in 500 samples, probably have under 10 sales. Yeah, off those. And the thing is, the thing that even cracks me up is, how do you not ask your friend to buy it?

Speaker  534741:20
Yeah, at least,

Speaker  535077:20
like, if you have, like, literally, every video should have affiliate. Video should have at least one sale. Like, it's insane, but they like, I don't know it, just it. It kind of gets irritating on that. And so that's why I'm trying to do it myself, build it up, you know, organically and, you know, see what happens that way, and then get those good influencers that want the product, that will, that will do it well and actually move inventory

Speaker  543194:40
Exactly, yeah, yes. But in order to get the good influence, you need units sold, right? So I feel like the cold start that everyone's trying to figure out. Let's say I think that number is 1000 right? Because once you get to 1000 you had a little k next to that says 1k 1.5 k1, that K helps a lot. I still think, and I'm like testing it again, just to prove to myself and maybe more of you, that the way to go is to buy 100 joint brands videos, because there's a feature now where the joint brands, people can buy your product, get the sale, and then you get a video, and then you get a spark code. Everyone's sleeping on their their own brand accounts. You get five of them, and the better you do, the more you sell, the more of those brand accounts will unlock to where you can sell products with, not without any followers. So you get the right so join brands, you get the sale. Boom, already it's doing what Celico is doing. Two, you get a video. Three, you get a spark. Codes, you don't have to chase those down. Four, you own the video so you can do whatever you want with it. You could post it, repost it on your own account, obviously, edit it, invert it, slow it down, speed it up, whatever. So you're already like, 4x ing, like, what you get with, I know it's more expensive as 20 bucks or 25 bucks, as opposed to four, but you're getting way more right. Now. You have 100 videos, the 100 spark codes within hopefully a month. It does take a little time to get everything going. And now you're running Max GMV to 100 actual videos, right? And you can vet these people, you can choose everyone's gonna apply. You choose the ones you like that you think are gonna do well, right? And then, if you have, you know, just run your numbers. And you know your numbers, you should be able to know what that row as, what kind of row as you're able to afford. Until you get to 1000 you should first start running Max GMV on, let's say 200 videos. I say 200 because you're gonna have 100 from join brands creators, and then your 100 because you repurposed all of them. 200 videos, GMB, Max running. You set that at $100 a day. I'd be surprised if you're not getting five sales a day.

Speaker  580991:59
Yeah, that's, yeah, that's really smart. So when you say five brand accounts, like I have, I have, like, three or four accounts on three different phones, but they're just, like random accounts, like I just did, like a mom and, you know, a girl and a guy, and should I make those brand accounts? Or is that?

Speaker  587370:39
Yeah, so you can link them to your shop. Okay, definitely want to link one of them if you haven't already, because that account can start tagging products right away. Every shot gets one brand account that can tag products on day one. You need zero followers. That's free money, right? Because there's no commission on that. So you can basically just start making content, start tagging products, test your own shit. Maybe you want, I don't know, maybe you have a someone on your team that can do this for you, or maybe you want to do it right? And that's how I first went viral. Was on my own brand account. We went viral on the 52nd post. It took me a month and a half to finally, almost three months to finally go virals on my own account, rattled off like 3000 sells. And it's just that was that. Was it? That's what triggered everything. Then, then you get creators coming to you, requesting samples, and you can be picky about which ones you approve,

Speaker  602165:19
yeah, so

Speaker  603061:20
go ahead. Yeah, I wanted to answer the previous thing you were talking about on like, just all these videos, and nobody driving sales. And, like, that's actually the reality. Like, on TikTok side, like 10% of the videos drive 90% of the revenue. That's just how it is, yeah. So, like, you're not gonna find anybody who's like, Oh, I just crush viral videos all day. The best people that crush videos are the ones that copy the videos that are working. That's it. That's purely, that's That's it. Like, that's your best chance of going viral is mimicking a video that's already working. So like, go to callada, scrape the top videos in your niche, download that script, make it into your own and give that to the creators to use. That's the SOP that, like the top agencies are using the top like trainings. Like, as simple as it gets, of course, I love what Alex saying about, like, join brands and, you know, hacking the start, like they don't care about that stuff at this point, like force purchases and asking for reviews. They just want to see revenue in that channel, because that's what they're trying to prove to their investors, essentially, is that they are a marketplace.

Speaker  621866:40
So yeah,

Speaker  622170:39
definitely recommend that. But you know, the odds going viral probably slim to none. You know, unless you get really lucky, we do have videos that do go viral, and funny enough, actually went viral doing a test for brands. But I make a video of just me in my chair talking, but my sound was broken, so it didn't record my sound. So I basically posted this video with no sound, with me talking straight into the camera, literally like this, and I have like 350,000 views now and like hundreds of comments. So if you want to try to mimic that one, just post a video of you promoting your product without talking, but, I mean, without, without the words coming out of your mouth, but you're talking, and everybody is commenting. Like, loud and clear, bro, I hear you. That's a bold statement. Like, like, Dude, you can't stop you can't say those kinds of things on here, you know, like, they're just being funny. So like, yeah, just kind of, kind of, it wasn't unintentional, but like, it just shows you, like, there's a lot of crazy, weird people on this platform just looking to connect in some way or or make say their part, right? And you can even say anything as a link. It's so stupid. I have like five videos on my page. But anyways, I didn't do anything for that. Didn't sell anything. It didn't like, add me, like, hundreds of followers, like, you know, but the video got lots of views, you know. So it's more like a brand awareness. So I guess that's my that's my two cents on those things,

Speaker  648661:20
yeah.

Speaker  649045:20
And, and also, the other thing that we're seeing is that a lot of the old videos on your pages are picking up traction continuously. So you're kind of, it's kind of like YouTube. So like, over time, old videos can pick up more views, more likes and more sales. So definitely, like, you just need to be consistent with it. And over time, you'll get to where you need to be. And like, on joint brands, if you go to join brands, is to TikTok. We're not crushing anything necessarily. But I have this one girl that we hired from join brands to post every single day about UGC creators. We have 40,000 followers. You know, we get couple 1000 views on every video, and some go viral when we talk about current events, you know, if you guys can plug into news stories and trends, that's a good thing to do. And then we take this company called repurpose.io and I syndicate that same video to Instagram and Twitter and Facebook. Then Facebook, facebook and twitter don't do much, but Instagram gets as much or more views than TikTok right now for those same videos. So if you're not syndicating the videos, you're getting from joining brands to other platforms or asking the creators to post there, or even taking their video and posting on your page like you're missing out on easy, no cost added views and visibility.

Speaker  672618:40
So that's my two sons.

Speaker  673072:00
Yeah, no, it's, that's really smart. It's, yeah, I was thinking about they actually, I don't even know what cruise line was. I think it might be carnival where they basically banned an influencer for life because she was using sunscreen flasks to smuggle them, to smuggle alcohol on board. And it's not my product which is good, and I was thinking about doing something with that.

Speaker  681269:20
Yeah, no, that's a good one like, and

Speaker  681861:20
again, it's me, it's I have the it's a great excuse. But ultimately, it's just me being lazy, where I'm like, if too many people know about my product, know about my product, it won't work anymore. It's like, that's an excuse, but, yeah, but it's a good one. It's kept me lazy for Yeah.

Speaker  687946:40
Who's that? Was that? Alex, Dave, David, here, I'm driving my car. But I was, I was only wondering, and you have to answer right now. But can anybody, like, clarify whether you're running GMV, Max, like, against, obviously, all the Creator videos. But then, when you want to spark code something, are you just because my thought was that spark, those were kind of going away. But it sounds like, still, like, if we have a video that pops we take, we need to go get that smart code and then push intentional dollars behind that one. Anybody have any like, Am I missing something?

Speaker  696549:19
Yeah. So

Speaker  697301:20
the method that some people were using where they would turn off GMB Max, you can't do both at the same time. So turn GMV Max off. Run your manual campaigns for a week. Try to give some of these spark codes some extra boost or juice. But now GMV Max has a feature called creative boost, where you can go in and tell GMV Max like, hey, this video needs to spend $100 a day. It's not rolled out for everybody yet, but check your accounts to see if you guys have that enabled. So that pretty much for me, just I don't use manual ads anymore, and it is going manual ads are going away. That's going to be a thing in the past soon.

Speaker  708272:00
Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, actually, one more follow up. I know I heard a product issue or an account issue earlier, we have, you know, we're like, food. We had an issue where somebody basically submitted a claim against our product. It was expired, moldy, or there was an object in it. That's, that's the actual like statement that we got in our account. And then it was like, Oh, yeah. It was like, well, a we have a plastic scoop inside of a pouch. So, like, there are some people that have told us, like, Oh, what is this thing inside the bag? But they don't open the bag. They literally just feel it and they say there's something wrong. They think there's something wrong, but that that froze our listing, our primary listing, which had 1000s of sales, and we're just dead in the water. We can't get a human to respond. We're working with a couple account managers, but I just want to input if anybody else has had an issue with the frozen product list thing. Product Listing. And it's nuts, because I'm like, I see it as a big risk because we have an extra listing that also has hundreds of sales. But it's like, I don't know. I mean, unless you maybe have, like, a real account manager, I'm not sure if anybody else has, you know, figured this out, because it seems like a huge risk, right? We invested like $10,000 minimum, and then the listing went down anyway. So I don't know if anybody else has any, has any other thoughts there, but that's a big, big risk on our side. We've already

Speaker  729845:20
Yeah, so when you say it's frozen, like people can't even buy it

Speaker  731018:40
today. Hey, David, I've had that a few times, not on the supplement side, actually, but on our skincare side, where, like, I think White in accidentally was like in a in a listing, and that's like an automatic you get flagged and they freeze your listing. We went back and forth with support forever. They couldn't do anything. Like, only an account manager is basically going to get a product on frozen. Like, as far as we can tell. Um, so, like, without an account manager, I think it's really hard to get any kind of products on frozen. We still have, like, three that are frozen from, like, over a year ago, and you just have to recreate it. But if you have an existing one, Have you, have you already submitted two appeals or just one?

Speaker  743221:19
Well, that, that's the crazy thing. The appeal we submitted, like, product, you know, like, we have test reports, everything, right? So, like, so we submitted, and they said, the the reason why it was frozen, actually, is they said the second appeal, the documents were blurry, so they didn't actually freeze it, because they were, like, confirmed that there was anything wrong with the pod. They froze it because the documents were blurry, that's what I said. And so it's, it's nuts, because, like, yeah, it's like a, it's like a, you know, it's like a caution flag at first, like, hey, we think there's an issue. Submit some documentation. We submit the documentation. And on the second one they said. The first one, they said the documents are blurry. We we checked everything submitted again. They said they were blurry. So that's actually why it's frozen, is because they said the documents are blurry. It's a like crazy. And yeah, we've got two humans at TikTok now that have tried to submit to, I guess, like the product team. But we're going on two months now, on a month and a half so, and, yeah, I mean, it's like, Wait, so our second listing is basically a bundle of the first listing. And, you know, so now we've, we've basically added the product back to the second listing. But I'm like, shit, we might want to go ahead and start opening more listings.

Speaker  762149:19
Yeah, it is always smart, because I have duplicate

Speaker  762725:19
listings.

Speaker  763146:40
Yeah, and that, there is a trick. While manual ads are working, and you want to, like, make some money, you can run manual ads to the you can run manual ads to those videos and tag the second listing. It'll work. So you can have these but, but so do you not have a account manager?

Speaker  770240:00
We've had a new person reach out, but I think they're ads people, so they they're, like, pretending to be account managers, but I think they're really just pushing ads.

Speaker  772703:59
Some of the account managers are actually a lot more effective on the ad side than they are on, like, the regular account management, at least that's what, that's what I've seen. Kind of depends on your account manager.

Speaker  775605:20
Yeah. So we're gonna, I'm pushing hard. I even connected with a guy on LinkedIn who's, like, the food and beverage like growth team, trying to get new food and beverage brands that it because some food beverage beverage brands have done really well. And so they're, they're like, trying to figure out how to expand that. And so I'm working on that one just do, like, a LinkedIn contact. But, yeah, I don't, I haven't had what I think is a legit account manager actually, to talk to yet. I think it's just an ADS person who's like, saying, well, we can kind of help

Speaker  784730:39
you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, it definitely does help to have it. I mean, not that the managers are the best, it's still lags, and sometimes they take forever to get back to you. But I feel like, Yeah, I think Jonathan's Right. Like, without account manager, yeah, you're pretty, pretty screwed, not screwed, but it's tough. It's tough with an account manager. So without one, that's not a good situation. Yeah, I

Speaker  792693:19
mean, we're gonna keep, obviously, trying to push it, but we're, we've just registered all of our effort back to the other listing, and then our plan is actually open a new listing as well, but a new bundle just in case. But, yeah, so, well, yeah. Thanks for the feedback. Everybody.

Speaker  796522:40
Yeah, yeah. Try running on manual ads. While you can to to those new listings, all TikTok will check for really with their AI is, like, is the product you're promoting in the video, and if they see it then, then it'll run.

Speaker  802447:59
Anyone else seeing other questions, anything that's working for anyone or

Speaker  804240:00
I got a quick question on on syndicating reviews from like your DTC side, Has everyone done that or not done that? And like, what's the what's the best method to do it, or service to get that listed? Like we're on stamped.io on our on our GTC sites, but we have like, 10,000 plus reviews across our, across our products, on our, on our DTC side, and like we syndicate monthly to Walmart and all of that. But trying to figure out how to do that into TikTok, because I think we probably have a lot of kind of mid body and tail lit tail products that would pick up some pick up some juice with more reviews.

Speaker  815738:40
Anyone got anything on that? I

Speaker  816272:00
yeah, I mean, Yotpo was the go to and Yotpo is super tricky, though. Like, I was just talking about our frozen listing. When you go into Yotpo, or if you have, like, a Shopify site, you can put basically, what's a product tag on the specific products, and then Yotpo will bundle the reviews to that tag. So it doesn't have to be like an individual product listing. You can actually have, like, multiple listing. You can actually have, like, multiple product listings that are all effectively liking the same reviews on yacht. When you when you sync those products, you need to have matching. Everything's got to match. Like the skews got a match, the UPC is going to match. Anything that you're using is like an identifier needs to match. And then it still doesn't work all the time, like, some of them come over and some of them don't, and that's just yapo. You wasting a fortune using it because they're just really expensive for collecting reviews. Yeah, I've heard judge me works now, and we're gonna switch, yeah, we're gonna switch to judge me and move all of our reviews over, because yapo has seemed to, like, basically stop sinking, from what we can tell. And I know Jennifer Adam just, she just posted this in either this group or the other one, or she said that she had to get them manually added. And so maybe that's worth trying. I was gonna ask her what she actually meant by manually added. But, yeah, that that, I think Judge me, is the other they can do it now, but I don't think, I don't know if stamps can Yeah,

Speaker  838021:19
I don't know, like, usually there's some kind of, like, manual processor or something. I'll dig into this, and if I find something, I'll post on it.

Speaker  842437:19
Yeah, I don't know about, I don't really worry too much about reviews, to be honest. Never asked for one, never faked one. Don't care about spending a day trying to figure out how to transfer them over. Just, just, yeah. I feel like the review is the is the video?

Speaker  848784:00
Yeah. I

Speaker  849056:00
mean, don't be wrong. Like, I look at my reviews and I see that they're doing well, and that that feels good, but like I don't really stress over it, like we used to when it was Amazon, we're talking about.

Speaker  852672:00
And to that point, somebody posted in the Facebook TikTok channel. I think it was yesterday. Product that's like this sun hat with some solar powered fans. It is a complete pile of shit. The and the reviews are exactly that, right? It's like, I think the rating was 3.1 and had a ton of reviews, like, just all one star like, this product is a piece of shit, and they've sold, like 30,000 of them. So I think, you know, good reviews are not necessary. If, if you know that video leads, or that product is, you know anyway,

Speaker  864944:00
makes makes sense? Yeah,

Speaker  865472:00
yeah,

Speaker  866112:00
I have another high level question, and that is, are we about to see the end of human creators? And so for if anyone hasn't seen it, so I guess Alex's big competitor, Rosabella, if you look at so I'm looking on fast moss right now at their last seven days. And one of their products sold 150k in the last seven days, 100% from videos of these podcasts, clips of people talking to a microphone, and they're not real people. They're AI generated. We think it's from a site called Arc ads.ai, but I'm just wondering if they're able to do this, does does that mean the end of human creators?

Speaker  880250:40
Shall see. One thing I have noticed with Roosevelt is there's just, they're always ready to pivot once something gets banned. So it could be a matter of time before this method gets caught on to and then, you know, they just, they just pivot really quick. So just like their fourth or fifth thing that they jumped on, but they're good. They're really good. You know, I think they just launched a beetroot powder a month ago, or something like that. And they're just absolutely sold, like a 200,000 units in the first month with with ai ai, they do, like aI TED Talk type things. So they're like, standing on a stage talking, and then, yeah, the podcast as well. Yeah, it's interesting point. I mean, I think, I think we're all dead eventually, thanks to AI, not just creators.

Speaker  895306:40
I love that podcast idea, yeah. I mean,

Speaker  896090:40
I'm looking at that one that one that where the woman standing on stage that Alex is talking about, like that, talk about, like, authority, like, yeah,

Speaker  898240:00
yeah. I think there's something about that angle. The way it's like shot from lower up, is tricking TikTok into not noticing that it's, it's, it's big.

Speaker  901680:00
Oh, does TikTok have a policy against using AI generated? Oh, oh,

Speaker  904005:20
yeah. It's just all about tricking them so they don't know. I

Speaker  904805:20
thought it just had to, like, even if you say it is AI, like that little tick box, whatever.

Speaker  906517:20
Good question. I'm not sure. Maybe if you do take that, I don't know if you take that, are you not allowed to tag products? I haven't tried that. Yeah, but yeah. I mean, AI is definitely something that everyone should be playing around with. Definitely on the slideshow side, for sure, because you're allowed to do that on slideshow. You're not tagging products. It's all for views. So you're trying to get people to go to Amazon search for your product. That's another thing that I'm seeing. Is Instagram views on big accounts running slideshow style content with link in bio, affiliate links, maybe attribution links, I'm not sure, are absolutely crushing it right now.

Speaker  920885:20
Let's see we got a few more minutes. Anyone else need to squeeze anything in question wise, or anything that's working for you guys.

Speaker  924586:39
I'm excited to see how this, this, this new feature on GMB Max works with the boosting thing. I was able to test it out for a couple of days, and it looked like it was taking a while to kind of start working, and then when it did work, it didn't work very well, and then it kind of started to work well, and then I ran into some inventory issues, so I had turned it off. So I'm excited for that Max, that that can definitely be a game changer in regards to the whole situation we're in now with, you can't run manual ads and Jamie max at the same time, but you know, you have this one video that needs a little bit more love. You can, you can basically force it now. So that's that's huge. I think when

Speaker  935493:19
you guys launched GMV Max, how long does it take for it to like, to learn the creatives in there and to actually start pumping out results? Because Alex, I met with you last week, right? And you told me to go ahead and start doing that. So I turned it on right away. And oddly enough, like every creator that we've had make videos, even though, even if they didn't give us spark codes, those were thrown into the GMV Max. But I had like, 400 plus videos like that. It was like learning all at one time, and it was just going super slow. I mean, so for like, two or three days we had no sales. It was in this constant like, learning or cute phase for a bunch of the for a bunch of the videos, and, like, bunch of our own videos on our own account, like, it would say it was not able to run them, even though we were running them on the manual accounts. And so I was like, I'm just gonna turn this off. Because, like, I'm not, it's not doing anything. It's taking forever. And all the creators that are in there that aren't spark codes, it's like trying to learn those. And I'm like, confused, is like, is this actually going to work or not? So I'm just wondering how much experience you guys have with that. So never saying is the future or, like, that's manual ads are going to go away. So I was like, do you pick and choose the creatives you want in there or,

Speaker  953765:19
or what? Yeah, did you what'd you set your target row as is? I think

Speaker  954645:20
it was like 1.3 or something, 1.4 Yeah. So

Speaker  955642:39
it's pretty aggressive. You could try again and set it at one. I know that's pretty low, but just kind of, you kind of just need to give it a nice little force start. Yeah, set it at one, couple 100 bucks. See what happens. Um, it spends your budget and you're not happy with the ROAs. Obviously you're not be happy at one, but just start raising it point one every day until, you know, kind of just give it a nice little nudge. And then from there you'll have enough data to see, you know, which videos are doing better. And then you can boost those. Okay, I would try, yeah, don't turn it the same one back on. Create a brand new one, yeah, with a one. ROAs,

Speaker  965375:59
okay, all right,

Speaker  966533:20
sweet man, these calls are getting better and better. Everyone's just like getting like, way more deep into this. And the level of the sophistication of the questions and concerns and what we're all trying is pretty impressive. So I'm excited to be here, excited to be with you guys on your journeys with TikTok. Man, because, yeah, I still think we're barely scratching the surface. Man, we're still, we're still in the phase where Amazon was only selling books. Yes, me the top 100 products on TikTok right now daily sell at least 900 units a day. So, I mean, there's opportunity there, man, and then that's just TikTok. The spill over to Amazon is where it's at. Yeah?

Speaker  979744:00
Well, we really, really appreciate you, Alex, because without you, this would not be happening. So

Speaker  981424:00
yeah, our

Speaker  981925:19
fake hats off too.

Speaker  983077:20
Thanks, man. I appreciate that, sure, man. All right. Guys, good, good, good. Chat today. Reach out to me if you guys need anything. Fedor, let's talk about trying to maybe fire off some flash sales for you on live see if that works. All right. Guys,

Speaker  986469:20
sounds good. Good. Good. See everyone. Bye, take care, guys.

Speaker  987306:40
Thanks. Bye, you.
