Mogul Call with Rafay Hussain
Date: January 23, 2025

Speaker  160:00
Perfect, awesome, awesome, cool, everyone. Thanks for joining. I'm stepping in for Jamie today. Perfect timing, because this is our my wheelhouse. I host the channel for Tiktok, for MDS, so I was super excited when Jamie asked me if I could fill in for him, seeing who the guest was. If you guys haven't met Rafael yet, but he's a Tiktok marketing specialist. He's had eight years in the e Commerce Industry. He's built and exited his own brands. Built out external marketing systems for a number of aggregators and Tiktok, and has been in the Tiktok space for four years now, which is kind of wild, like it feels like an attorney for me, and hasn't been a year yet. He's spoken at Innovate two years running now, maybe some of you saw that, that talk. I heard good things about it. Unfortunately, I missed it. He's been on stages in Dubai, Singapore, Australia, and he works for implicit as their head tick tock strategist in this MDS session. I'm super excited, because he's going to be diving in about cold starting. It's probably the number one question I get in the Tick Tock channel or in DMS or emails, is how to get started, and it's going to be super exciting stuff. I try to get the best advice I can based on my experience from March, but that was an eternity ago. So much has changed. So I'm just as pumped about this conversation as you all are. And let me introduce you to Rafael Hussain. Take it away. Thank you

Speaker  25493:20
so much, man. Thanks for having me, guys. I'm super pumped. My goal is to make this as valuable for you guys as possible, and hopefully give you at least one aha moment before jumping off on this call. So I've got slides, I've got resources, so I'm going to share my screen, if you guys are cool with it, and then we can kind of get the ball rolling. Sweet, let's do it amazing. Oh, sorry, fireworks. Didn't realize that happens on my Zoom. I need to figure out how to turn that off. Okay, here we go. So let me share it with the audio. Thank you, Brian. Share with audio. Let's go desktop here. Okay, so hopefully you can see the screen. If you guys have any burning questions and they're at the top of your mind. I want to make sure that if you do have to jump off early or you really want them answered, can you please make sure you put in the chat? I'll make sure that I address that even if you're not on the call at the end during our Q and A session. So you may already have that. So please put it in the chat, and then maybe I may already answer it as we go through this session here together. So in this session, we're going to be talking about the cold start problem, which is essentially just a slow start. And we're going to talk about how to consistently capture and convert attention. The way I usually like building out my sessions is I like having a context bucket. This is what's working and why, so that we're on the same page, then the majority of our time is going to be spent on practical how tos. These are exact steps that you can start today. And of course, if time permits, I'll make sure that we keep some time set aside for Q and A's, because I'm hopefully, hoping that there's going to be some audience participation. And you're going to play with me here a little bit and and share your questions and participate. So we'll do the Q and A stuff, so just so I can get a temp check of who I'm talking to on the call. So what I share was going to be kind of dictated with who I'm speaking to, how many of you has have used Tiktok in some capacity in your business on this call? Awesome. Go Alex. We have Brian, awesome, if you can put a number in the chat or uh, Shelby. Awesome. Shelby. Is this the Shelby that I have met before from cheers the store Shelby. Maybe not. It's the only Shelby I've met before. Yes, it is. No way that's amazing. Hopefully your son's older now, still joining your meeting, so it's great to see you on here. Fantastic. Okay, so a handful of you, I'd say maybe 30, 35% okay, so the goal of this session is for you to understand the value and the power of leveraging Tiktok for your brand, whether your primary conversion vehicle is Amazon or you've branched off and your primary conversion vehicle is Shopify. This will be useful for you, even if you already start on Tiktok shop and driving a Tiktok I'm hoping this will be as useful for you, too. That's how I designed it. So let's quickly address the elephant in the room, which is the Tiktok band, which is a crazy weekend. So there's a few things that I'd like to address before we get into it. So we're all on the same page. So this was the roller coaster we woke up to this. You can't have access to Tiktok, and literally, 12 hours later, we got Hey, welcome back. Thanks for your patience. We're all back. And you know, it's fun times, dances and staring secrets on this platform once again, which is great, but I say this all the time because a lot of people were waiting on the fence to see what happened with the band before moving forward, and they decided to stick on the sidelines. And I say this often, that the best race to run is where the vast majority of your competition is glued. On the sidelines, and we've seen that time and time again with brands that are starting and scaling and absolutely ripping on Tiktok shop and creating revenue an order of magnitude higher on their Amazon just by having their presence on Tiktok and those people have continued to eat and they will now that it's back again. So I just want you to keep that in mind, the explosion of Tiktok and bytedance specifically has just been faster than any other social media platform at all. Now, of course, we're talking about e commerce, but what our goal is to is to make money and to get in front of our customers, of course, and there hasn't been a social platform to this degree with this level of explosive growth literally ever before, because we're at third generation social media, and so the adoption rate is so much faster, and the aging up of this platform is so much faster than ever before. And so the numbers don't lie there. They're there, and it's growing super duper fast. But the boat that we're riding is obviously Tiktok and Tiktok shop as ecommerce sellers, but what we're really riding is a much larger wave of social commerce. The genie is out of the bottle, the toothpaste is out of the proverbial tube. There's no way that's going back in, because customers have put their hands up and decided three things. One, that they prefer to consume content in a short form format. Two, that they prefer to get content from people that aren't celebrity endorsements, but people that look like you and me. And thirdly, that they prefer to buy in the moment of impulse, whether it is a $20 product or even sometimes a $250 product in that same format. And so it is a paradigm shift that we are in the early adopter phase. So hopefully, the stuff I'm going to share with you today, you don't just listen to it and sit on the sidelines, you'll be able to apply it. And if you have it on the fence up until this point or you haven't fully gone in this is the permission, or kind of the wind in your sails, so that you're like, Okay, social commerce is coming. Whether Tiktok is banned or not. It is really irrelevant, because the social, common way, commerce way is here. So a few things that literally nobody is talking about at the moment. Only 6% of Amazon sellers are selling on Tiktok. That's insane, and about 50% was more like 48% of Amazon sellers had planned, and this is specifically, specifically us numbers. Obviously, other GEOS might be a bit different. They'd plan to start on Tiktok shop in 2025 this is prior to the ban. I have a sneaky suspicion that the vast majority of those Amazon sellers that have planned to start are now frightened and sticking on the sidelines, which is a fantastic opportunity, but that's not just hypothetical. What if I told you you could start on Tiktok shop at the start of 2024 that's actually what's happening right now when it comes to exact numbers on the platform. And Alex and I were having a chat about this regarding his GMB Max campaign and how profitable it is when it's coming come back. And it kind of maintained that profitability towards the end as well before the ban. And the reason for that is ad posts or CPMs have dropped 20% because, you know that money's like, Oh, they're they're afraid of spending and not as much. Thoughtful videos are being created by those affiliates who have decided to go elsewhere or aren't as prolific as creating and so right now, not only are you getting cheaper distribution, you're getting cheaper CPMs. You're also in a bluer ocean than you were prior to the band. So this opportunity obviously won't last, as this the memory of this band starts disappearing. More. Brands are going to be like, okay, jumping in, but this is your opportunity to take advantage and gain that ground. So like a little bit of context bucket so that we're on the same page. My promise to you by the end of the session is, of course, just your practical how tos, how to convert, capture and convert attention repeatedly. That's really the goal, repeatedly. And we're going to discuss the cold start problem. We're going to dive into that. And hopefully, if you're on the fence that this gives you the kind of kick in the ass to like, let's do this thing because, you know, we're e commerce sellers. We want to make money. We want to build amazing brands. This is an amazing lever to do it. Cool,

Speaker  140746:39
sweet, awesome, brilliant. All right, rapid fire, context bucket. Some of you may have heard this before, and it'd be a great reminder for you. For those that haven't, I think this is important for you guys to get this last bit of context bucket. So Amazon, and I've shared this slide in the past before, it fulfills demand. You know, it's great, but it comes with competition. It's a solution, aware buyer the bottom of funnel. And there's also a social barrier proof in the form of reviews. It's great because you can increase certain percentages and then get you know, on a certain page, or increase your revenue in a very reliable manner. But it fulfills existing demand. People are already searching for your product. What that does for your business revenue is it means that you only have, most likely a single, single acquisition channel, or you have your primary acquisition channel that has 90 or 95% of your revenue, which means your business revenue has a single point of failure, which you want to avoid. And what Tiktok allows us to do is bolster that, and it does that in a way from creating demand. And so people think, okay, Tiktok is great. I can drive on Tiktok, and then I can also make money on Amazon through the halo effect. That is true, but it's actually way, way more than that, because Tiktok is the ultimate top of funnel aware. In this machine, you can drive that traffic to Shopify to literal, physical retail stores. And of course, your your main, primary acquisition channel, which is Amazon. Not only that, but it reduces your cost per acquisition across every platform that you're paying for eyeballs for. And so it is the you know, Gary Keller, in his book, says, What's the one thing that you could do that would make everything else irrelevant or or better, Tiktok is that for E commerce because of the social commerce wave. So simply put, Tiktok helps your business become anti fragile. That's really what it does. So let's get started. That's all the pre stuff. Let's get into some of the practical stuff. So I wasn't actually going to include this part in the presentation, but I realized a lot of the brands that I've been working with, they come up with the exact same problem. And the problem that they come up with is that they either have almost exclusively been on Amazon or they have a Shopify store, but they don't really know how to consistently drive traffic and sales from there, and they don't know what type of content works. What they haven't achieved is product, Content Market Fit. So I'm going to help insert a content model in your brain that will hopefully serve you well for your entire sign that you spend on either creating or commissioning content on Tiktok for your brand. We're going to learn how to consistently capture and convert attention on this platform. So earlier I spoke about funnels, obviously, we have a top of funnel and we have a bottom of the funnel. Top funnel are people, your potential customers, that aren't even problem aware. They don't even know that they have that problem to solve. And the bottom of funnel people are usually customers that are typing that product search term on Amazon. They really want that reusable water bottle, so they're going to type that in, and they're going to compare with their kind. Compare with their competitors, and with Tiktok, we're putting eyeballs through that funnel, trying to pull them all the way down to the bottom of the funnel. But this concept, I know you understand, but what people don't understand, or the bridge that they haven't made yet, is that each of these levels in the funnel require different type of content frameworks and content approaches to help slide those customers down from top of funnel to the bottom of funnel on a consistent and repeatable manner. And so there's a different goal at each stage. And so I'm going to be sharing with you, not only examples of what each of these goals are, so that you can hopefully put it in your brain, but also a resource so that you can start creating this type creating this type of content yourself. So firstly, we have awareness content, and that's the purpose of awareness. Content is purely just to expand the problem in the buyer's mind. You are not going to be trying to sell anything at all. You're not making an ask. It is literally like, Hey, here's a problem you weren't even aware of, and that is the end of the entire content. And so it's cold that I tell you, but let me show you a couple examples here. So this is awareness. This is expanding the problem slash solution in the customer's mind. No, ask. Hey

Speaker  206650:40
guys, just your daily reminder to not use one of these nasty ass metal bristle grill brushes. Or you could literally get a bristle caught in your throat and then you die. Just, please, just use barbecue, daddy. It's bristle free. You won't die from it. Look, I can do this with it. If this was a metal bristle brush, my hand would be destroyed. That's it.

Speaker  213232:00
It's just expanding the problem. Please don't die. That is it. There's no real hard CTA at all. They aren't doing like a, you know, it's a 50% off thing. That's awareness. Alex, I feel like you're about to say something

Speaker  217349:19
there. Man, would, would would someone still link to shop in that even though there is no CTA. Okay, no

Speaker  219210:39
linking. And I'll explain why in a second, this will all connect. There's no linking. There's no CTA whatsoever. So that's awareness content. That's top of funnel. Awareness content, and then you have the next level of the funnel, which is consideration content. This is showing the product in use, but it with an exact use case. So let's say the example for the exact same product for consideration content, here we go. When I noticed my brother in law was using a wire brush to clean off his dirty grill grates, I immediately knew what I had to do. I ran to Home Depot and got him his very own barbecue. Daddy. Not only does it have an adjustable handle, so you can use the one side to easily scrape, but then you heat up your grill, flip the handle back over and dunk it in some ice cold water and start scrubbing. The power of the scrubbing and the steam melt away, the grease and grime build up, and because there's no dangerous metal bristles, the only thing the barbecue daddy is going to leave behind is a nice, clean grill. That's a product in use. There's a transformation, a before and after. That's it. No linking. You're not pushing a CT towards anything at all. The reason for this and the reason why you want to create awareness and consideration content, and the biggest mistake that I see brand owners make when they're jumping on a top of funnel awareness entertainment platform like Tiktok is that they're trying to make ads. They're trying to just get a. Out the buyer to make a sale, but you haven't even found the right audience to show those conversion pieces of content to. We have awareness and consideration. I'll talk about conversion in a second, but those two pieces are the type of content brand owners don't make at all. And I'll tell you at the end of this explanation of the four why it's so important and how it actually impacts positively the affiliates you're going to be working with the ads that with, the ads that you're going to be running, the shuffle videos you create on your own, but without this type of content we like, the funnel is not lubricated enough for your customers to slide down to buy. That you're going straight for the kill with the conversion, which is right here, which is towards the bottom. And you have to remember that a lot of these customers are problem unaware. And so if the vast majority of your content is conversion content, you're making your job so much harder to get these buyers that you're trying to get in front of to make the decision to buy. And so this is the type of content that most people are comfortable with and aware of. It's conversion conversion content, and it's really just making the ask. So I want to share an example of this with you guys. Now,

Speaker  256720:00
Dad, what are you doing? Why are you using this little cheap brush? Use this. It's the barbecue grill brush by scrub. Daddy, Here, try it. All you to do is dip it in cold water.

Speaker  259408:00
Now, scrub and you're good to go.

Speaker  260368:00
Wow. This thing works like magic. Look how effortlessly making it look like new. I could never look this good. Look how dirty the water looks. Wow. Grease just coming right off of there guys make sure you get this in the Tick Tock shop. They're going absolutely viral right now. Get them while you can, because they did sell out for one month.

Speaker  266981:19
There you go. Clearly, CTA Tik Tok shop. There's a FOMO. Hey, this thing sold out. We all know that's the tactic, making sure that the that's in the brief that you give to the creators. Hey, you know, this thing was sold out. Or, I don't know how long it's going to last for. Or, you know, I bought mine for $18 I wonder how much you bought yours for, even if yours, it's like a 26 $27 product. So there's, like, this feeling of maybe that there's going to be a sale. So those are all type examples of like making the ask and conversion type of content, and then the last type of content, and this is the one that you want to use, not from you can use your creators for this, but most often, you want to use this type of content specifically for retargeting when you're doing ads, because you get the the best ROAs for this, and you have as like as much quality data to leverage when you start running ads using retargeting and sweetening the offer. And this is an example of sweetening

Speaker  283141:20
the offer. Now the person who's going to see this content has seen awareness consideration as well as conversion content and this so instead of just going for the conversion house, which the vast majority of brands are doing, if you have a mix of content that hits all those four parts of the funnel, your conversions are going to go through the roof, and you have a much better mix. But why do I care about this type of content? How does it help the Tiktok and the Tiktok affiliates and all the efforts you're doing on Tiktok shop, if you create more awareness and consideration content as a brand, you will drive repeated sales down that funnel, and that's how you consistently capture attention. And the reason that works is because when you're creating awareness and consideration content, what you're doing is creating a look alike audience that Tiktok uses as its primary or its kind of foundation or launch pad whenever affiliate pieces of content are being posted on the platform. Even though the algorithm is really smart, there's also 100 and 70 million people with interest, graphs all over the place, and you're a brand new product and a brand, a brand new angle, and brand on that platform. So the more we can help the algorithm find your right people, the more effective any of your marketing efforts are going to be. And awareness and consideration content, the reason you want to create that is it gets way more distribution, because you are providing value to the platform, as opposed to extracting it from it. You have to remember, even though there's 170 million plus monthly active users in the US, there's a much, much smaller proportion of those users that are actually Tiktok shop buyers, and that creates an asymmetrical view of value from Tiktok perspective. Those ecommerce buyers are one of the first ways they've actually been able to monetize this platform. And so for that reason, they're very careful with who they give that COVID traffic to. And so if you're not providing value to the platform and creating awareness and consideration content, which, of course, will help your buyers make the buying decision, they're not going to give you oodles and oodles and oodles of traffic. You want to make sure that you as a brand, when you're commissioning your own content, posting it on your own account, or you hire a bunch of internal creators and create like 10 different accounts, it's all awareness and consideration, because your affiliates are going to be hitting that middle part, which is just the conversion content. You're taking care of that already because of all the affiliates you're activating. And then you can run retargeting ads, whether it's through spark ads. The affiliate content or your own different variations that you want to test during sale events like, hey, you know it's Father's Day, or, you know, it's barbecue Sunday, or whatever the case may be. Does that make sense? Guys?

Speaker  323040:00
Amazing. 100% Yep.

Speaker  323744:00
Cool. So the most common question I get after talking about all this is, yeah, the monkeys have the ball. See 100% the question that I get asked most after this is, how do I create awareness and consideration content like I'm not a content creator? Where do I even start? So I put together a quick resource to answer those questions. I'm just going to share my screen on I'll stop my shared here, and then share that resource real quick so I can walk you through it a little bit. Let's share. And so full transparency, I am not a content creator. It is not my skill set. It is not something that I don't think I want to get good at, you know, but that doesn't mean you can't hire someone. That doesn't mean you can't them in the right direction. And so what you've what you'll see over here is templates that aren't just hope templates, but create the content container for awareness and consideration content for your product around or inside the problem space that your product lives in, right? Snow. Teeth Whitening does this in amazing way. So they sell, obviously, teeth whitening products, but they create top funnel awareness content around oral health, a much bigger problem, right? Supernell com, they do the exact same thing. The Big Bad that they've created is cortisol. And I don't know if you've read like the downstream effects of high cortisol, but it's damn near everything, right? And so this, this massive thing that I'm super afraid of and I'm worried and now you have the panacea, the the one size cure all thing, which is your product that fixes all the problems that they're unaware of. But if I was just going with conversion content, I couldn't have taken the customer through the journey of expanding the problem in their mind and then deciding, hey, I actually need to move to take action to this. And the number that I want you to remember, and this number comes directly from Tiktok, is that it takes a customer 5.4 times on Tiktok, seeing your product, to make a buying decision. That's 5.4 times. And so if you have not reached that point, it's going to be very, very difficult for you to get conversion. And if they've seen your product in a light, or you've or they've seen the problem space that your product lives in a light where they're not getting sold to, the engagement is higher. And so it's a lot easier to get them to make that buying decision. So couple things real quick, and then I've got a bunch to share with you guys about the cold start. But the way I want you to look at these examples, and you can get a VA to do this, or team member, but I think if the owner of the brand can do this particular part, you'll understand a lot more of the type of content that's going to work. Because once you create your hooks, it's literally like, Hey, I had the best 23 years of my life in this weird location that most people avoid or think is negative, negative. So this is great. Mike Tyson, once that says I had the best three years of my life in prison, for example. It's an amazing cook, but it creates like intrigue, and you can take that anywhere that you like. And so what I would challenge you to do, there's about 37 or I think maybe 34 in here, I would challenge you to really be creative, you within this template, within these examples, and decide, okay, and I create a hook that makes sense for the problem space, at the very least, that our product lives in. And if I want to make it a consideration, content about the product, showing the product in use, what would that actually look like? And then from there, you write out your hook. Then you can choose the format that you want. Obviously, there's slideshows, same thing, or videos, and you could and then once you get and this is the final part, and I probably should have written this in here, it's probably the most important part. Once you've written your hook, I want you to copy paste your exact text, and I want you to paste that into Tiktok search bar and see what content comes up organically, because that's going to give you reference video ideas and examples that either people already creating content around the space or nobody is, and you can automatically start ranking for that sort of stuff. But yeah, that's that's crafting hooks that's making sure that you can create awareness and consideration content. Yes, of course, yeah, you can definitely make a copy of this. Let me one second, guys. I in

Speaker  384154:40
the chat right here.

Speaker  386400:00
Awesome. Please make a copy. Do not request access, because I don't look at those emails at all. So please definitely just go to File, make a copy, and then you got it all right, if you guys are comfortable, if you there's no other burning questions around this, or if we can leave it till the end, I'd really like to jump into the cold start stuff, because I want to make sure there's some space left for Q and A. Is that cool? Yeah,

Speaker  392133:20
let's leave it to the end. I mean, I have a few questions myself, but let's, let's get through the cold start, because that's the exciting stuff. Not that everything you've talked about isn't exciting already. Oh,

Speaker  394661:20
man, I got I gotta earn your excitement. Man, that's all good. Here we go. I'll make sure I share it with sound, just in case. Alrighty, I'm gonna quit playing. Okay, so the cold start is just another way of saying it's a slow start. You may have already launched a Tiktok shop, you've put your entire product catalog on there, and you've maybe sent. About a few samples, and like nothing's happening, or it's very slow or it's irregular. And so the goal of this session is to give you a step by step strategy to get out of the cold start and what's working right now. So before I do that, there's a bit of context that I want to share with you. A lot of people think Tiktok performance is luck. It's not luck at all. It is a reoccurring equation, and it's the same every single time. And so revenue on this platform is views times CTR, which is click through rate times conversion. And everything is downstream of views. So if you don't have click through rate, you obviously won't get any conversions. And if you don't have any views, you just know, click through rate. So everything is downstream of views. This equation is important because the entire strategy is built on top of this, this equation. I wanted to create this slide because I wanted to give people a visual representation of what it's actually like launching on a platform like Tiktok in the very beginning, when you launch, you are launching to Tumbleweed like nobody's paying attention to you. You are non existent as far as your customers are concerned. And the reason for that is you aren't launching on a platform that fulfills demand like Amazon. People aren't searching for your product. They aren't solution aware. They're the 97% of people that aren't problem aware, right? And so that's why the cold start is the problem that every single brand has, because they haven't got in the habit of generating or creating demand on a platform like Tiktok. And so the trajectory really does go like this, where it's going to be a cold start, and then there's that boosting phase, where you start getting traction, and then there's this rapid growth phase. And every single brand owner that I've spoken to has gone through this exact same J curve. And there's particular actions that need to happen in each of these phases. In today's session, I'm going to be focusing specifically on the cold start phase. So a few quick common mistakes that I want to point out, and as long as you are aware of these things, then the strategy I'm about to share is going to make sense. So a lot of brand owners, what they'll do is they'll post their entire catalog. And you know earlier I mentioned that it takes a customer 5.4 times to make a buying decision. If you push your put your entire catalog on there and push numerous products, it's just going to take so much longer for your buyer to see you enough times to make the decision to buy. And so you kind of like playing the game with your hand tied behind your back, or at least one hand tied behind your back. So I always recommend finding one product that you're going to focus on on your launch, on Tiktok, because then you can always introduce subsequent products. Because not only do you have a look like audience from your awareness and consideration content, you also have converting audience that are going to be the first ones that are going to be served that product, two or three or four. If you're unsure about your product catalog and what product to launch, you need to make sure that if you have 20 products that you choose, the product that has is demonstratable, has a clear before and after, and that your passionate audience, there's a passionate audience talking about the problem space that that product was in. If it doesn't have those three things, it's an uphill battle. So make sure that your product that you choose is that the next common mistake that I come across quite often is slow burning on the launch. So people are, like, a bit tentative, you know, like when you go to the beach, even though it's warm, the water's super cold. So you dip your toe and you splash the water on yourself a little bit, because you don't want to jump in all the way. That's kind of what they do on Tiktok shop. And so they'll provide low commission. We'll see how it goes. They'll do a low activation of creators, and it's going to be a lot of wasted ad spend. And so if you're going to be launching, going to be launching on that platform, we want to go hard and with a a dedicated strategy where all your efforts and your marketing initiatives and all your action vectors are pointing in the one direction with the one goal. Another mistake that I see to talk shop people who are brands are launched on Tiktok shop make is that they're not they don't leverage all three traffic levers. So there's borrowed traffic, obviously working with affiliates influencers, there's paid traffic, which is ads, and then there's own track traffic. They don't create their own content. So using all three is a way to avoid this mistake. And a little bit of context here is a lot of people aren't aggressive enough on their launch on Tiktok shop, and that leads to zero or very minimal sales. To give you a bit of context, the first sale on that platform, the platform starts suggesting your product to people. It shouldn't say more. It should just say two people. At that point, it's not suggesting it to anyone. And so onwards, the platform starts driving more traffic, as they see this as a potentially good traffic, good product. Remember, the E commerce audience is much smaller than the total amount of audience on Tiktok. So they're careful. Tiktok is careful with their ecommerce buyer traffic. And then between the 30th to 50th sale, that's when your product starts showing up in search, your affiliate videos and your own content starts getting a bit of traction. This is just when the game starts after your 50th sale, anything before that is just literally getting the ball rolling, getting you moving through. So what I'm going to be walking you through now is a Tiktok shop cold start accelerator. I've broken it up into five sections, and I'm going to spend a little bit more time in some of these things. And a little bit less time in others. But of course, the resource will be there, so in your own time, you can read and double click on the things that that make the most sense. Because I know that this goes for an hour and I am close, so let me share my screen here, and we can go to, okay, perfect. So again, I broke it down into those five pieces, and the first and most important thing for any brand launching on Tiktok shop is to be aware of what their competition is doing on the platform. Now, you might be in a situation it's much more rare now because a lot more brands are jumping on the platform, but you may be in a situation where your particular product or your niche, there's like nobody there doing your exact thing, and you're thinking, Okay, how do I do this competition analysis? Look at adjacent brands that are selling similar products, or, even better, look at brands that are serving your exact avatar. Because if they're serving your exact avatar, you can then create a baseline to see what their growth strategy was, and at the very least benchmark yourself against that that brand or that competitor, to know what's required and what's necessary. So you can use tools like kilo data. I'm saying it quickly because I assume most people are aware of the tools that are. Are there? If you want to double click on that, please let me know. But there's, there's tons, there's fast Moss, there's, there's shop, plus there's there's more coming out every single day, but a tool like Kayla data allows you to fill out the details that I'm going to speak about below. So the metrics that we need is the affiliates and, of course, the sales. What the average trend was? We're trying to get a trend line for our closest competitors, or direct competitors, and then we're also trying to get month on month from the time that your direct competitor or closest competitor, launched. And so we've got our trends, which is cool, but then we have our competitor baseline, and this, this table is probably more important than the trend. You can see the trend. You can see if they're dropping and slowing down over time, and that's cool, but what really matters is when they launched. And so go back to when they launched in their first month, and look at how many units were sold, how many shoppable videos were posted, how many shoppable how much rev each of those shuffle videos did? How many lives were activated? How much revenue did those lives generate? How many creators were activated? How many products were pushed? And you'll probably find it's usually just one or two, especially with the competitors that are actually doing well and what was their average price. The reason I put the average price there is because a lot of these brands are pulling different levers. Some are like doing deep discounts, and others are are doing super high commissions. There's all these different pieces that you can pull, but without checking on your competitors and finding the space line, you're running a race without knowing you know the gear the other person is taking to run that race with you, so it's important for you to be aware. And so yes, it is data entry, but this is crucial. You wouldn't like look for a treasure without a treasure map. And this is you building your own treasure map. So once you have this, it'll do a couple things. One, it might be exactly what you expected. That's rare, but that could be the case, but most likely, what it will allow you to see is the sheer amount of volume that these brands that are absolutely crushing it have done on this platform, not just from the amount of units sold, which is impressive revenue, that's impressive. But more importantly, how many creators were activated, how many samples were given away, and how many shopper videos were posted. Because that should hopefully reset the new it'll give you a new waterline of what's required for you as a brand going on Tiktok shop. So once you fill out this competitor analysis, you have a baseline. Then you and your team can be like, Okay, listen, you know, so and so brand did this month. We're going to do the exact same, or that's going to be the benchmark that we're going to be hitting towards. Now, this is a fluid platform. Things are changing all the time, but we need a source of truth to be able to work from. So that's step number one. Step number two is our 3p mix. And there's a number of levers to pull, but there are only certain levers that make sense when you are launching on Tiktok as a brand new brand and you have no presence on Tiktok at all, pricing is a super easy lever to pull. And the way I like thinking about this is that, you know,

Speaker  545856:00
a lot of brand owners are really willing to give samples out, but they won't reduce their price at all. The way I want, hopefully to reframe it for you guys, is that whatever your cost of goods are for that sample, if you're going to reduce the price there for the for what your cost of goods were on your sale price, for example, it's essentially like giving out samples. Instead of activating it, you're just getting more sales, which means the flywheel ends up going faster. So I just want you to just like, reframe that. Okay, I'm cool to give out 1000 samples, but I'll never reduce my price. You probably be wiser to reduce your samples by 500 and only send out 500 samples, and then reduce your price, especially when you're cold starting, so you can get that ball rolling. Now that's just one letter to pull. There's a couple others I'm going to share with you in a second, but I just wanted to keep that in mind for you the next piece, and this is kind of a sidebar. I couldn't fit it into my 3p mix, so this is more of a commission. Just didn't make sense with the acronym. But be aggressive on the commission up front. The cool thing now is Tiktok shop has allowed you to be able to apply super aggressive commission. But when you're running ad spend behind it, you can have an ad commission that you give. So you could give a creator 30% commission to start posting this thing. Second it starts getting traction and absolutely pushing it for you. Then ask for the spark code. You actually kind of don't need that anymore, but ask for their permission, get them to accept the AD, AD AD commission, and then they're only going to be paid that updated ad commission that might be 5% or 10% and now you're eating on the way up with the organic traction that they generated with for you, with that affiliate content that's on pricing. Next is product listing. And I see this all the time, especially from Amazon sellers, like they'll just copy paste their exact Amazon listing onto Tiktok. You have to remember, on Amazon, you're fulfilling existing demand, and that creates a few interesting things. As a seller, you are automatically not looking at the obvious, and you're looking at the comparison. And so all your wording, all your images, are about somebody who already solution aware, and getting that narrow band of buyers that are solution aware to choose your product versus product B, C and D. And so step one is to D, Amazon, your title. It's super duper simple. It is not about keyword C word stuffing here. And so what I've done here is just given you a title structure that you can use, that tick tock recommends, and I just created a graphic to help you understand, like, what that looks like. That's one which is the title. Next is your image stack. Think about sharing the most obvious things that wouldn't make sense to share for a solution aware buyer, like, for example, let's see if it allows me to zoom in here. Grooms does an amazing job of this, where they're selling a supplement, but they're time lining out what's required for you to get the results they've been seeing all those affiliates talk about. So you know, they're all these affiliates are gonna be like, Oh, I feel amazing. You know, they'll sell you the world, right? But they are expectation managing on literally, their second image, where it's like, hey, after three days, this is what to expect. So you have satisfied taste buds, cool when I eat it, and day one, and have satisfied taste buds, wow, I'm, you know, I have the proof of, you know, all the reviews and sales, there's a promise, and then I actually get to feel the result. You know, I'm happy with that. You know, you get lower shared cravings. You'll feel that within a three day period, and then you have elevated mood, awesome. But what happens after 30 days? That's probably the reason that they bought and this type of infographic type works really well, especially on a platform like Tiktok, and especially with skincare and supplements, other things. And I really like Bruin, so I straight up screenshot it. A lot of their listing here for examples, but they talk about the obvious, like, hey, in this patch, there's a lot of mini patches. There's 28 snack packs. Okay, cool. And they also take the gummies out to literally show you what's in there. So if you're selling sachets, for a thing, literally images of your sachets there. This is all going to help with conversion. If you're selling pills, for example, literally have 100 pills on there. Be like, Hey, this is what comes in here. Because we're terrible at visualizing how much a thing is, and so we see something that's $30 for, you know, 100 pills. It's like it but it's in one box. It's like 30 bucks for one thing. No, it's 30 bucks for 100 of these things. I know what I'm saying. Probably sounds quite obvious, but being a previous Amazon seller, it wasn't obvious to me until I was like, oh, right, I need to actually share the obvious for problem, unaware buyers like it is so necessary, and this thing is and now more brands are doing this. You'll notice that the brands that started scaling and crushing on to talk shop earlier don't do this because they don't need to. They've just reached this kind of escape velocity. They just won't need to do this so their listings aren't optimized like this. But brands that are launching doing this is super helpful, because your brand that exists elsewhere, you have reviews that you can use, create an infographic of those reviews and put it in your description, literally have a panel of reviews. There's nothing against TOS from putting this in and Tiktok is definitely not enforcing that. It's just an easy gimme and a source of social proof that you can quickly put ahead. Hopefully, that makes sense. Last thing here is, when you're creating a listing, there's an amazing keyword expansion tool that you can find keywords that are relevant in your niche that will actually help you get organic ranking for your listing within the shop. There's also creator insights, which you may have heard if you didn't, if you don't, just go into Tiktok search bar, type in creator insights, and you can look for broad keywords in your niche to see what keywords are trending, get your creators to make that, your internal careers, to make that and update your listing with that, because Tiktok is telling you there's a gap in the market for this type of content and these keywords, and so if you enter that in, that helps the traffic process. But we'll get into how to actually drive traffic. This is just about creating the conversion container and then the promotion mix, of course, make it a sweet deal. Nobody's going to buy from you if you have zero views and zero sales. So we want to run flash sales. We want to do promos. Obviously, there's co funding for free shipping. I think that's still around at the moment. You know, sometimes still sometimes not, offer a free gift above a certain threshold to increase your AOV and then create a coupons. Have created coup. US for lives where, if a creator wants to jump on they can do a giveaway and just have all this stuff set up.

Speaker  641632:00
So that's in our 3p mix. That's second piece. I'm gonna have to speed up a little bit here, guys, the social proof part. This is probably the most important piece. So on on Amazon, obviously social proof. Are reviews on Tiktok, social proof and the sales and reviews, of course, but it's also views of content. You we're going to talk about how to create content, but I'm going to talk about the more traditional type of social proof, which is sales coming through the door. And the reason this is important is because you're trying to do two things. You're not just convincing customers to buy from you, obviously, but you're convincing affiliates to work with you. What these affiliates are doing when they decide to work with you is deciding not to work with somebody else, because the supply demand curve at the moment is completely out of whack. There are a pool of creators that are amazing, and there's a bunch of brands that are wanting to fight for them, and so for them to decide to work with you, you want to make that deal as sexy as possible for them to want to work with you, and one of the ways is to show proof in the pudding that there are some sales coming through. Now, the easiest way of doing this is to literally buy those first few sales. I mean, you have your own marketing budgets across the board, literally pay for your sales. I would highly recommend that for your first 1500 to 2000 you're just paying yourself, minus the 8% commission that the platform takes away from you, and this will allow you a couple things. It will allow you to have a higher threshold for outreach, which is obvious, but more than that, it will start to get the ball rolling. So when your product starts showing up in your shop tab in the search results, and your affiliate content starts getting posted when the customer lands on the listing, they much higher likelihood of converting because they've seen the thing that actually works right. Easiest way to do this is friends and family. That can be difficult. Sometimes, using services like Celico, super easy. You can get them to buy 50 sales a week. They're changing that all the time. So I found another way around this. Instead of using silicon, use tools like incense Pro or like join brands and get creators to create content for you, and they literally just reimburse them and get them to buy it, not from Amazon, but from Tiktok. And then what that allows you to do is just, you know, for a percentage of them, get more reviews, and you can move that way, way faster. This social proof is is essential. Like, without this, it's going to be very difficult to get out of the cold start, and then after that point, once you start getting these sales. This is the last part. Most people, and this is about a few months ago, were only doing this piece and like, Okay, why isn't this working? You need to couple this with this last piece here, which is, start approaching those 1% creators, I like thinking about launching on Tiktok shop as coordinating a market app. You are nowhere, and then you're everywhere at once. And one of the easiest ways of doing that is working with top 1% creators. And you know how I mentioned before that? You know it is an opportunity cost. So how can you make the deal as sweet as possible? Obviously, give them a retainer, a really nice retainer, and a very specific commission to work with you. Now you're probably thinking, dude, why do I want to spend, like, a ton of money on retainers, on these 1% hot igmv, driving creators, and I'm going to make the case for it right now, and hopefully it takes you over the edge. You know how there's a saying that says, you know, the elephants don't start running until the mice do. And that's true for most places. But on Tiktok, it's the exact opposite. The mice don't start paying attention until elephants start doing stuff. And these elephants are the top 1% creators, because unlike any other platform, Tiktok benefits from a parallel like, like nothing else. I don't know how your high school was, but in my high school, when people would yell, fight, I want to be like, oh shit, there's a fight, and I want to be running the fight. And more and more people would come, and everyone would be surrounding it. That's exactly what an affiliate opportunity is like on Tiktok. And so until you get those elephants coming, until you get somebody like, hey in the creative discord groups, this is an opportunity. It's going to be very difficult for you to get out of that cold start phase and get into the boosting phase. The boosting phase, out of that that graph that I showed you, that's social proof seating. Then we have affiliate outreach. Couple things here. So you have the manual approach, obviously, from going through the affiliate center. I've broken this down in SOP. This is probably pretty common knowledge for you guys, but if it isn't, please take the time to read it. I'm skating past it, not because it's not important, but because I want to focus on a little bit more of the nuanced tactics and strategies in this resource. So from this point onwards, you can obviously do affiliate match messages, initial messages. I've given you templates as well as follow up message templates, if you'd like to use them by all means, please go ahead. Highly recommend coupling all your outreach with email and LinkedIn. And the reason for this is I have an A creator affiliate account, and I'm getting messages, and I'm not posting any content, by the way, like I just bought bought it, and I'm getting target invites 30 a day, getting messages every single day. I don't even look at them. I can't even look at all. Them every single day. And so your target affiliates, same thing. And so you want to reach them in a place where they're not getting hundreds, maybe they're getting 10s. And be creative about this. You know, how many people are reaching out to creators on LinkedIn? How many brands are reaching out to peers on LinkedIn? Probably zero, probably none, right? So be a little bit stalkery in the beginning. And you know, respectfully for your affiliates to, like, get their details and get in front of them. And so I always send all my outreach with a living video of myself being like, Hey, I'm the owner of this brand. This is what we're looking to do. We have this community. We've also got all this training. Highly recommend that, because people respond to people, it's a video first platform. If you're working with an affiliate that shows their face and you're showing your face is a sense of vulnerability and oh, you're a real person. And so I've been able to get people to, firstly, response rate went through the roof, but also jump on calls with me to, like, come up with custom deals, and then they introduced me to their Creator friends, because the birds of a feather flock together. I know it sounds like a lot of work up front, but setting this up right will mean that the cold start will be a distant memory in your rear view mirror. And right now it's like the only thing in front of you, your your road right now, and I want it to be want it to be gone, so there's that piece, and then automate that stuff. You know? I mean, there's bots like uptick IO or yucca.ai, begin mass outreach. Build lists based on your direct and adjacent competitors. Build lists on from brands that are serving your exact same target avatar, but in a completely different category and a completely different niche, but the same avatar is is a completely blue ocean, and then optimize. You want your response rate to be between five to 8% if you're not at five to 8% your message is not good enough if you've done all these things. So it's like, okay, well, that is the that is the constraint. So if I can remove that constraint, then the whole like pipe will flow, and then from there, and this is, if you have the budget, and if you really want to push, is there a bunch of multi creator networks, and so these people already train a bunch of creators. There's creators corner Media Labs, so social army, BMC, there's, there's tons, but you can go ahead and contact them to find out what their fees are. Allocate your marketing budget and get a ton of creators, not just creating one or two pieces of content, but 30 pieces of content for you per day, per week, sorry, per month, which is the whole point, because everything is downstream of this, which is views, CTR and conversion. I know we go to the Q and A as we quickly want to say one last thing, because I feel like this is important. The reason why people are wasting money on ads is because they haven't achieved product Content Market Fit. The reason why product GM V max campaigns don't work if you've tried that is because you don't have enough shop full videos for Tiktok to pull from to serve to a specific audience that you want to get in front of. So you need at least 50 shuffle videos posted before even touching GMV. Max ads. What I recommend from day one is to run product shopping ads. This is what shows up in search for relevant search terms. In shop ads, you'll be able to get some really cheap sales through that. And it's basically like Amazon, PPC, but not as cool, not as good, I guess, but it is cheaper sales, yeah. Deal. There's a bunch of other stuff in this that I won't share right now because I know that I'm going a bit over. Let me share this resource with you guys in chat before I continue, real quick. Here awesome. Let me just share Awesome, cool, a couple other things. I think that was basically it. So listen, if you want to learn more, obviously, I'm building out the Tiktok strategy with implicit but or you can just connect with me on LinkedIn. I am becoming more responsive on that platform, so you can have a chat with me over there as well. But if we could spend the last little part on Q and A, I think that would be valuable for everyone. What do

Speaker  782010:40
you guys reckon? Yeah, yeah, let's do it. That was awesome, man. That was great. You covered a lot. I know I went really fast, yeah? Tight hour. No, that was good. I mean, I feel like we could go on forever with the Q and A but we do have seven minutes. I obviously have a bunch of questions, but if there's anyone that wants to get a question in, we do have a couple in the chat that were probably kind of already answered. But ROS van asked, like, what's the time frame for the three phases, the phases of, I think you had a chart there was that look like, is that, like, a month per a week per

Speaker  791781:20
the time frame is dependent on the action you take based on the equation. So it could be as quick as two weeks, or it could be as long as six months. It is really just, it's all downstream of the lead measures right of like doing those actions to get there, so the longer it takes for you to get your friends and family to buy and all that stuff activating creators, all that stuff seems like longer

Speaker  797178:40
cool. Hey,

Speaker  797642:40
jumping in on that. Alex, like my advice would be, at least from my perspective on supplements, like just leaving. Up out there for a long time doesn't work like buying your own stuff or your friends and family. That is the number one thing you should do right out of the gate, because it just puts legitimacy behind it for creators, but also for potential customers out there. People don't want to buy something that shows that no one else has bought as soon as we did that, like threw down a few $1,000 and it was almost immediate, like started seeing sales. Yeah, 100%

Speaker  807701:20
rough. I What would you say that number is like, back in March, early last year, I was telling people, get your first 100 sales right away. Now I'm hearing that number is 1000 you need to see that k next to your sales number, what would you say it is? I don't think

Speaker  811962:40
so. I mean, it is, of course, niche dependent. I think supplements, and specifically beauty, is a little bit more difficult, and it's probably closer to the K. I also don't think you should burn just like trying to buy 1000 units of your product. I don't think that's the best use. I'd say anything above, like 200 300 you're at least getting the ball rolling, because that's when you can start activating the other pieces. Will there be a step change when you have that 1k most likely, just like in reviews, when you get your first 100, it's more than, like, less than 100 but, yeah, I won't make that the primary goal. Got it.

Speaker  821136:00
Yeah, I really, I really like your logic behind reducing your price is the same thing as giving out samples. The samples, especially when it's even better, actually, if you ask me, because the samples, when you have zero sales, you're giving out samples to a bunch of creators who just want free shit. No good creator is going to take a product with zero sales, because they're going to be like a good creator, like these one percenters you're talking about. They're going to look at your product with zero sales and be like, yeah, no, thank you. Just like you said, and they're not just choosing you, but they're choosing they're not choosing someone else. So anyone who's taking that sample is just taking it for free shit. They're a newbie. They're excited that they even got offered a free sample, and they're taking it so you're giving away the product, right? They're not buying it off. You're giving away the product, and then you're not even getting any sales. So at least if you if you just lower your price, you get the sale. So that counts as a sale. And sure, you might not get any content, but some of the content you get from a creator, anyways, garbage so

Speaker  837973:20
or affiliate, plus you're, you're, you're improving on one of the most important metrics that to talk cares about, which is converting e commerce traffic, right? And so that has like compounding benefits just doing that, yeah. Alberto.

Speaker  841685:20
Alberto asked, How is the average price for the product that makes sense for influencers, for commission, his best sellers are low price point.

Speaker  844474:40
Well, you know, there are brands like ecovision, there are brands like, like, a lot of the makeup brands are fairly cheap as well. It's really if your best seller is a low price but a high volume item, that's totally fine for these creators. But if it's a low price and a low volume item, like it's a very niche thing that you that's going to be hard dude. So I wouldn't really think about it from a price perspective, like that, from a commission perspective, okay, let's say you're only providing a 15 or 20% commission of a $10 product, that's $2 right off $100 product that's that's $20 and so you need to decide, Okay, does, if, does my product have enough margin for me to basically give 30% to make this worthwhile for this creator at volume, so then I can get out of this cold start and then launch subsequent products as well, and then dial up the profitability over time, because eventually all this effort that you putting into outreach will become inbound, and that's what we obviously would cover in like the boosting phase and definitely the rapid scaling phase. Then you have the enviable choice of choosing, okay, you know what? I'm only going to work with these amazing creators, not these amazing creators that want to work with me, because there's too much, too many people that want to want to work with my brand.

Speaker  863626:40
Yeah, yeah. No. I've definitely seen

Speaker  864528:00
really inexpensive products take off and sell hundreds of 1000s a month, and the affiliates are loving it, because it's just an easier sell. So their conversion rates higher ends up being about the same thing. Another thing you could consider Albert. Alberto is making, like, a three pack, or making the offer be like, hey, add three to your car and get an extra discount, so that'll raise your cart value, and then the commission for the Creator. Yeah. And another thing that you

Speaker  872533:20
could potentially do, and this is like, for bigger brands that have three pills if you're able to do your custom forgotten, the word is escaping me now, but custom kidding of your product, you can add particular things that are specific to specific to a Tiktok exclusive offer, and then that can be shared to all the briefs that you're working with the creators. That's part of your marketing, that's part of your infographics, like you literally cannot buy this, literally anywhere else. And then people then go ahead and buy from there. So there's like so many. Growth hack strategies that we could go over. But, yeah, that's like one, real quick one that you could use.

Speaker  881616:00
Yeah. So we're down, like our last minute. Jill is asking, if you work with brands, you know, what do you guys do over there? At, for

Speaker  883824:00
sure. So at implicit, implicit, a done for you service. And then I'm part of the uptick, which is my own thing, where I don't do a done for you service. I help implement these systems within the brands themselves. So we've got a done for you option, which is implicit team. You can, you'll jump on a call with what he'd there, and obviously I've crafted out the entire Tiktok shop arm there, and the strategies for the brands that I'm jumping on. And then the done with you is you implement it internally within your own brand, the bar traffic, paid traffic and own traffic stuff. So, yeah, I mean, hit me up on LinkedIn, or obviously reach out to implicit. I think the most important thing, whether you work with me or not, that's not the point. I just want every e commerce brand on it to know, like, this is it like? Everyone's like, I wish I could launch, you know, Amazon, 2014 or something, right? This is that right now? Yeah, crush it, you know, right? I wish Jonathan Jesper was

Speaker  896944:00
on the call, because he's given a couple presentations in the past about this, and he always leads the presentation off with, if you can get in a time machine, go back to 2010, Amazon, what would you do differently? And then number one, there's two common responses, is launch more products and buy more reviews. And we're kind of like in a phase right here with Tiktok where we can manipulate that so, like, why not do this? This is the same thing. Like, go back to the days where you thought about where you were literally buying rebate key, right? Or even before that Viral Launch, like we were spending a ton of money on that stuff, and we were able to get away with it. If that was still existing with Amazon, everyone would still be doing it. Well, here we are now with Tiktok. And this is not just, you know, something to start all over and do on Tiktok, because this spills over your Amazon should be overall part of your Amazon strategy as well.

Speaker  912170:40
Guys. Thank you so much for your attention and your time. I'm gonna go to sleep now. It's 10pm

Speaker  913200:00
here. Yeah, really, one quick or a higher level question before we go ahead. Otherwise, I'm just gonna ping you on the side. What do you mean? We don't need smart codes anymore.

Speaker  915488:00
So they're

Speaker  915872:00
phasing that out because Tiktok realized that it is a barrier to brands spending more on the platform, and they're still pre profit, and so they're trying to reduce that at all costs. And so what creators can do now in the back end, in their settings, is literally just be like, approve. Auto approve if it's linked to the brand. And that's why, over time, product Max GMV campaigns will get better, because now the pool is so much larger, you don't have to manually get a code go back and forth and things like that. Love

Speaker  923754:40
it. I was waiting for that. Man, yeah, awesome. Awesome. Man. Rafael, thank you so much. That was amazing. This was recorded. So, I mean, there's a pretty good turnout today, but a lot more people will be watching this. So yeah, get your get ready for your DMS to blow up,

Speaker  928608:00
yes, thank you so much. Take care. Everyone. All

Speaker  929216:00
right, guys, have a good one. Thank you. Guys. Have a great day. Bye, bye.
