MDS Mogul Call with Michael Esposito
Date: April 09, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Your message, yeah, it's a different Leo. Oh,

Speaker  400:00
Leo. Yeah. Okay, cool, cool. Yeah, just when you join if you can put your surname on as well, because then the MDS team make sure that, like, yeah, we'll do, oh, hey, Mike, how's it going? Hey, there, alright, yeah, I'm so sorry about that email, man. I'm normally pretty good. I'm normally pretty strong on email, and my assistant is normally helping me if I've forgotten to reply something. But yeah, sorry about that, but

Speaker  7749:20
all's well that ends well, no worries. Should be

Speaker  8405:20
a fun should be a fun topic.

Speaker  9461:20
Yeah, I luckily I got this 95% done back in January. So no, no, unfortunately, so we're good.

Speaker  12106:40
How long have you been doing Jiu Jitsu? For

Speaker  13002:40
two years I missed. I missed seven months when my knee exploded. Oh, ouch. You know, I like to consider myself an extremely tenured white belt.

Speaker  16234:40
Welcome Welcome to the jujitsu world. A lot of injuries. Yeah,

Speaker  17216:00
it was funny, because I've had a couple minor injuries that, as I'm sure you're aware, if you're alluding to the fact that you do Jiu Jitsu, you know, ego injuries, me being stupid, like being out of control. This was not that I had a pre existing meniscus tear. I didn't really realize I had and I was actually in a winning position. I had someone in a triangle, and I rolled over into Mount, and my knee just popped. So that one wasn't even my fault. It was just going to happen at some point, but got it repaired. I'm back. I've been back a couple months now, slowly working my way back in

Speaker  26789:20
Yeah, you live and learn. I've been doing jiu jitsu for over 20 years. Yeah,

Speaker  27962:40
yeah. They say. They say, 90% of the injuries happen when you're a white belt. I don't know if that, if you found that

Speaker  30298:40
all the injuries that I get are from white belts. Yeah,

Speaker  31018:40
yeah. No, I got a little mark. New guy, trial guy came in the class the other day, just elbow dropped me in the face.

Speaker  32560:00
Wait, where do you go? Which

Speaker  33216:00
I'm at, Atos in San Diego.

Speaker  34800:00
Nice, yeah. Just keep, keep going. Don't give up.

Speaker  35568:00
Oh, yeah. I mean, I figure if I can come back from a seven month knee surgery, I'll, I'll probably come back from anything.

Speaker  38112:00
I thing you get, you get smarter as you age to not get injured. You know what to avoid. You know what to avoid. So,

Speaker  40485:20
yeah, I've kind of, I mean, I'm sure there's many, many versions of this, but I reached a tipping point where I just stopped trying to win and started just kind of focusing on technique and, like, you know, just staying within myself, and I could, like, I could feel the cardio difference too. I'm not, like, tired after rounds as much, because I'm just using my energy to do things instead of just flailing around. So, you know, I imagine that happens, like, hundreds of times over the years, where you just had these little breakthroughs. Yeah,

Speaker  49072:00
good for you. Good to you. Yeah,

Speaker  49840:00
I did a little bit of jiu jitsu 14 years ago. And then while I was doing Thai boxing, because I had a job where I can do Thai boxing was quite cool. I like Jiu Jitsu, but I prefer Thai boxing at the time. And then, yeah, after I quit Ty boxing, had a massive Kat not doing any more slots. And I thought, actually, I've been doing CrossFit about six, seven years. I've got pretty fit now, but it'd be quite good to actually sort of learn something, do something with it. And all my friends doing jiu jitsu seem to be having more fun than me. So now I do CrossFit and jiu jitsu working out pretty well, very good

Speaker  58133:20
boxing. But every time I would go behind my computer and try to work, I would have this pounding ringing in my head, so I'm getting punched in the head all the time. And I said, I need something that doesn't injure my head. I don't care about anything else,

Speaker  61322:40
yeah, with Thai box, I just had niggles all over my body as well. And it's a very weird type of fitness that you develop with Thai boxing, which is to be able to, like, super exert yourself for like, three minutes and then recover really quickly, which is cool, but I don't think it's the kind of fitness that makes you feel good, like the kind of fitness that I get from like cycling and running, means I actually feel good day to day. Whereas I don't know what tie boxing, I've actually felt like I just felt tired or tired and injured all the time. But I love the actual Thai boxing. I love that the people and stuff

Speaker  70581:20
was It was fun. Hey guys, hey Matt, Hey Aaron, hey NAS. So we'll probably get a couple of times to get a couple of tariff questions in there,

Speaker  75386:40
probably, probably, yeah, I have a couple notes on tariffs. I mean,

Speaker  76490:40
yeah, there's definitely, there were being similar, some requests. Because I, you know, you're just seeing on Twitter, people saying, well, this shipment has been hit with tariffs, but I pre agreed the price with the retailer, and now it's no longer I'm going to take a loss. Yeah, it's lots of unusual situations. It's

Speaker  82384:00
not easy to deal with. I have some notes on that later on. It's really about your relationship. So if you've you know, if you put in the work early to build the collaborative relationship with the buyer, you're gonna have a lot more latitude

Speaker  86469:20
than if you don't. And you know, I'll talk about that a little bit, but yeah, there's no easy answer. I don't have the like, push this button and all your problems are gone. But you know, it's like anything in life, if you, if you build it the right way, you'll have a little more resiliency in times like this. Had

Speaker  90970:40
a conversation with a supplier, actually, this morning, and they said we're afraid every time they go to sleep and they wake up, China is going to put additional tariffs, and it's just never going to stop. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, people

Speaker  94378:40
keep on sharing, like, screenshots and MDs, and it's like, mate, I'm checking the news every 10 minutes. I already know.

Speaker  96378:40
Yeah, I think the only thing we can count on right now is volatility.

Speaker  98176:00
And some was, you know, hopefully China,

Speaker  100288:00
there's probably, like, people somewhere who, like, have been paying extra to make in America. And like thinking, Oh, my business isn't going to work. All of a sudden they're going to absolutely crush

Speaker  104021:20
quick question on just the process today is, do you guys generally do these kind of, like presentation then Q and A, or is it more like collaborative kind of stop and ask questions.

Speaker  107434:40
So if you did, if you did your slides with no interruptions, how long do you think they would

Speaker  108954:40
take? 2530, I mean, depends on how much I ramble on any given topic, but probably about 30. We

Speaker  110554:40
can. We can do either. Generally, what I'll do is if questions come in the chat that relate to what you're actually saying at that time. And it's like a good and it's like a good question that may you may not answer later on, then I'll ask it otherwise related stuff like leave till the end. But what you can always do is you can always sort of ask questions and stuff. Yeah, the best way to get people to reply the chat is to just to give them, like, a single letter, single number, to think so, just so like, okay, so I might say something like, if you're already selling in at least one retailer in America, press one, and if you're not selling in any retailers in America, press two, or something like that, that gets that gets good engagement. And then also, if you know, if someone's got a couple of questions or it's a good question, then they can unmute and ask you questions themselves. But if you've got, if your presentation is is 30 minutes max, and it means we've got a bit more leeway. What do you prefer? Mike, I

Speaker  126058:40
tried to leave some time. I would say just, you know, I'm probably not gonna watch the chat as much while I'm talking. Just, it's too many. Yeah, I'll

Speaker  128128:00
keep it

Speaker  128384:00
shout like just me. If there's, do

Speaker  129360:00
you want to put your surname on your zoom name, you can put your company name as well if you want as part of your zoom

Speaker  133216:00
name. Yeah, I made this, you know, pretty broad, because I know we have a wide audience of like I have no idea how to do retail, all the way to some people that are probably pretty confident at it. So we can really drill down. That's why I left a lot of time. We can really drill down into the topics that whatever, whatever the audience feels they want to learn more about. So I how I approach this.

Speaker  139978:40
How was your time at frat? You did? What? Five years at fracio?

Speaker  140762:40
Yeah, yeah. It was interesting,

Speaker  141754:39
you know, interesting times. You know, you kind of have a limited capital for a couple years in this crazy boom cycle of Amazon. But I was over there in the corner, just taking brands into into retail. So, you know, I probably evaluated over 60 brands for retail potential. We probably tried to take 25 into retail, succeeded with 12, and probably knocked it out of the park with like five or six of those, depending on how you measure it. So we went from nothing to 50 million in sales. And my four and a half years there just retail. And I would say thrasio was not supportive of retail. So I honestly thought if they gave me a sales team and like, let us go, we would, we would have had 200 million. But, you know, that's where I kind of learned the formula like, learn how to do this over and over again in a really repeatable way. So that's why I, you know, when I left thrasio, I started my own consulting business a

Speaker  157226:40
pretty Yeah, it was a pretty good opportunity to get a lot of reps in, right? Yeah, because I

Speaker  158426:40
had done it once. I took a digital brand called love pop greeting cards. I took them to retail, and I did just that brand for four years, and then I came in to thrazzio, and I did, like, dozens of brands. So it was like, can you really make it a process, versus just kind of feeling it out with one, one product or brand? Okay, so

Speaker  163376:00
what I'll do is I'll just share a couple of MDS slides now, and then we'll start recording and kick things off. So then, can you give me the MDS slides? So I'm hoping you guys are all coming to Milan. I'm about I realized I haven't actually booked my tickets yet, so

Speaker  168853:20
I will definitely be at Milan, which is cool, right? I'm going to plug the app, because I know you guys are listening to podcasts, you're watching YouTube, but you should be making use of this exclusive content you've got, you know, conversations like this, member only conversations. You know, it's the best content out there. So make sure you've got the app on your phone and on your computer, and you know you're working your way through the videos, making the best use of it.

Speaker  175978:40
Next slide.

Speaker  176496:00
Okay, Milan, so I hope to see you guys all there. It's a beautiful city. MDS events are always awesome fun. We're really good at dialing the content in. They seem to get better and better. So yeah, it's going to be awesome if you're traveling a long way or if you're free, I suggest staying a few extra days before and after. Gives you a bit of extra time to hang out. It's always fun. Next up, Oh, um, oh, yeah. So join the WhatsApp reminders. So just an easy way so you can always see, like, you know, Monday, I'll post what the call is, I'll try and post a bit more about what the upcoming calls are, and then you get a couple of reminders. So join that Whatsapp group. We'll put a link in the chat after this as well. You can do SMS if your US number as well. So obviously, Mike's company crossover is an MDS partner. So one hour free, is that like a consult? Basically? Yeah,

Speaker  191738:40
yeah. I say an hour free. I mean, honestly, if an MDS member wants to talk and needs advice, like, I'm always going to give them my time, I just on, like, my, my kind of market assessment project where I'll, I'll go find your product market fit, go in the stores and kind of model out projections for you. I do. I do half off for members on that project

Speaker  197520:00
well, so you, you can, you think you're pretty good at telling whether retail is going to be a good, a good idea for a brand or not? Yeah,

Speaker  199317:20
I have a whole, I have a whole process to evaluate it. I mean, I can eyeball and say, maybe, but then I go out in the stores and I do like price comparisons and quality and, you know, margin calculations and stuff, you'd

Speaker  202549:20
be able to tell if it was a definite note, right? Yeah,

Speaker  203178:40
I definitely tell people not to do it if, if they shouldn't, because I don't want to waste their time or my time.

Speaker  205050:40
All right, next up. Okay, so what we do is, so we'll unshare this one now, and can we turn the recording on?

Speaker  210032:00
It's Tom okay. So hey guys, welcome to the Mogul call. Really pleased to have Mike Esposito from crossover strategies. We're going to be talking about getting into US retail. Mike did five years at fracio Getting brands into retail there, and since started his his own gig. So his real expertise is helping people like us get into retail, if that's going to be the right thing for us, how's it going? Mike, good to have you on.

Speaker  217717:20
Yeah. Thank you appreciate it. Yeah. Really excited to be here. I'll go ahead and share my screen and then start my preamble here.

Speaker  220762:40
So yeah, if you guys have got questions, just put them in the chat as we go. So we should have a bit of time to be a bit interactive. And you know, if you're super experienced in retail, there's going to be stuff for you on this as well. So stay tuned.

Speaker  224304:00
Yeah, this is pretty broad, um, you know, kind of covering the A to Z of like, I'm, you know, why even go into retail all the way up to, like, tactically, how should you be marketing and working on your product when you're already on the shelf? So everything in between, um, kind of a focus on sales, but we do touch on everything. You know, this is hopefully broad enough where everyone can get something out of it, but I try to be specific where possible, on calculations, margins, providers, how to negotiate things like that. So I'm sure you guys provide these slides after so any any details that are on the slide that I maybe don't speak to specifically or go over quickly. You should, you should have this after,

Speaker  236458:40
yeah, they'll, they'll be with the recording, right?

Speaker  237466:40
Yeah, we left lots of time to discuss. So we'll, we'll take relevant questions that they as they come. If not, we can, we can kind of focus down towards the end on whatever, whatever the audience is most interested in. So, real quick, you know, why go into retail at all? It's operationally,

Speaker  242944:00
you know, a whole, whole another thing versus Amazon,

Speaker  244432:00
you take on a lot of burden, but you take on a lot of reward too. So the way I kind of break it down is, overall, you're just increasing the value of your business. If you go into retail, you're doing that in a number of ways. Obviously, revenue is one of them. 80% of products are still bought in stores. Amazon is certainly dominant in E commerce, but most transactions still happen in stores. Obviously different categories have different weighting of that, but

Speaker  252170:40
you can just unlock a huge market and access it relatively quickly by crossing over into retail.

Speaker  254490:40
These days, you can get a better margin in retail, not always, but most of the time, especially if you're you know, factoring in your PPC spend, Amazon rates keep going up. The beauty of retail, although it is very slow and can be very arduous to get in once you're in there, it's very, very steady and predictable for the most part. You know your your changes happen on more of an annual or multi year cycle, versus, you know, someone coming in and saying, We have a new packaging policy at Amazon, right? Another piece that's, I would say, is really overlooked, is the data you get. So when you're working with these retailers, you get a lot, especially the bigger, sophisticated kind of chains, you get a lot of data on, you know, what? Where is your product selling? Who's buying it? What's your basket look like, what does it get bought with? There's different ranges of the quality of data, but all of this stuff helps you sell better in retail, of course, but it can also feed back into your other channels, into your Amazon or your DTC, or your marketplaces, or your Tiktok shop, or whatever.

Speaker  271562:40
Brands that leverage their data in retail, can improve their.com and they can, you know, improve their retail through their Amazon and.com insights. So there's a lot of positive feedback. And when you're selling high millions, 10s of millions to 3% incremental gains, those mean a lot, as I'm sure you well know. And then really, the last one is, is reach or really brand? When you're out there on the shelf, you you start to develop a brand. Instead of just being a product. You can be a great product on Amazon and have no brand. But if you're going to be omni channel, you're going to have to develop, and as a result of being an omni channel, develop, you will develop a brand. And what a brand does is it's it's free margin, right? People recognize you. They trust you. It's a shortcut to researching. So the biggest impact you'll see from being on these shelves right away is your cost of acquisition going down. Your named search skyrockets. You go into WalMart, in 5000 stores, you're going to see your name search on Amazon, just go through the roof. And once you kind of start to see those network effects, you can really, you can really leverage that. So these are some of the whys of why you might want to go into retail. You should also really be thinking about your own brand and why is your why do you want to go to retail? Do you? Do you strictly want to unlock growth? Are you looking at an exit in a couple years, and you want, you want to improve your multiple by one and a half to two and a half times when you exit, because you've got more of a omni channel presence? Do you need more resiliency? Are you unlocking new MOQ with your supplier and lowering your cost of goods across everything. And you know your motivations are important, but also your your capital structure is important. How much cash do you have? Are you? Are you backed by an investor? Are things tight? Because there's different ways to skin this cat, and you can you can go big, and you can go after the big key chains and spend a bit of money to do it. Or you can kind of bootstrap your way up through independence and mom and pops, and you can do that pretty cheaply. And I'm going to go through both of those today. So like I said, I'm going to kind of go A to Z of I'm considering retail. I'm ready to try it. How do I evaluate, how do I budget and forecast? How do I make a sales plan to attack these target accounts and want to go after? What are the operational systems I need to support me to do that? And then, once I'm in the stores, how am I merchandising and what matters there. So the first piece is your kind of evaluation of your market. This is what I do for people, but you can easily do this yourself. Nothing in nothing in retail, is rocket science, like it's all very basic, blocking and tackling, but there's just a lot of it, right? It can it can seem complex because it's so big, but you know, ultimately, what you want to do is go in a store. Where would you buy your product? I was talking to people at Inspire a couple weeks ago, and some some sellers were like, Oh, I know. I know. I want to go into Target or Walmart. I think this would be a great fit. And some sellers were saying, I want to go into retail. And I said, Where would you like, where do you want to sell your stuff? And I said, I don't know. That's the first question you should ask yourself, where, where would I buy my product? Where do I think I would buy my product? Then go to that store, go in there, go to your section where you would find it. Take pictures of everything, get every detail you can price UPC codes, color, size, how many facings are there? Right? If there's your direct competitor, and they kind of have one row that says something, if they have four rows next to each other, that that says a lot more, right? If they have four, we call them facings in retail, if you have four facings, it means you're selling like crazy, because you essentially have four slots on that shelf. So all these little nuggets of information you're going to store all those up, I recommend putting it all in a big spreadsheet, and you can see you can start to evaluate all right. Products with this attribute are about this size on average, you know, 3.6 ounces or whatever, and they sell for about this cost per ounce. Where does my product fit into that? Where do I have an edge? And as you go to these different stores, because different ones have different selections, you want to go to some big chains, you probably want to check out some mom and pops too. Grocery stores are kind of in between. They can be regional or they can be big, and you're going to start to see that you might have some advantages. Maybe you have a product feature or attribute or quality that nobody else has. Maybe you have some intellectual property that that kind of defends, that

Speaker  352234:40
maybe you're just better value, you're more bang for your buck, or maybe you're the cheapest, maybe you can deliver the lowest cost item in that category and win on price. Or maybe, maybe you're ahead of the game on brand, and you just have cool packaging, and you you know, you have a good influencer system and

Speaker  357136:00
good social media, all of those things can be assets. And the more you start to see where your advantages are, the more you can kind of shape out all right. This is the product I would sell in target. So what I would sell in Walmart, I might do a two pack instead of my normal one pack on Amazon, and I can get more value here, right? You can also see if you shouldn't go into retail. If you go to all these stores and you there's nothing special about anything you have, I would be careful going, you know, plowing ahead, but it can also change the way you're thinking. You can start thinking, all right, maybe I do need an advantage. What are what is my brand, product category? What am I? What's my relationship with my suppliers like? Maybe there is something here I can discover. So use this evaluation process. Again, pretty simple, right? But you need to go out and do the work. Write everything down, get these prices and attributes and sizes and colors and shape and, you know, everything in your in a spreadsheet and start to examine it once you've sort of got your head around that where you know, where do I want to go, what am I going to sell? You're gonna have to come up with your go to market strategy, and this is where, this is where you kind of make or break

Speaker  378565:20
what you're doing. I alluded to it earlier, but there's really two paths you can go. There's, there's always a little overlap. You know, it's not completely black or white, but operationally speaking, these are very distinct. You have your independent retailers. That's your mom and pop. Some people call it the gift category, but it encompasses more than that. I mean, there's there's clothing outlets, there's bookstores, there's things like that.

Speaker  385408:00
That's one path. The other is your your big chains, your key accounts, your Walmart Target, Home Depot, whatever. And when you're talking about kind of a medium sized account, like a 200 door regional chain, something like that, you know, regional grocer, those are going to operate more like the big chains. They have systems, they have automation, they have the same kind of billing, software, things like that. So when you're thinking chains, you know, all chains kind of operate more similarly versus the independent mom and pops. The mom and pops are good for I'll get more into this in a second, but they're good for your short sort of lower risk, lower capital input, slow growth model. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. They can be very useful for figuring out retail, right? So when you're selling to mom and pops, you have to linearly push. You have to sell each door one at a time for the most part. And as you grow you you're interacting with the owners of these stores all the time. So you can really learn a lot about how your product works on the shelf, what their customers are saying about it. And your risk is lower too. If you have 200 mom and pops, and you lose one account. That's nothing, right? But if you go to the national chains and you're working with three large accounts, and that's your entire business, and you lose Walmart, you can, you can run into liquidity, liquidity issues overnight if you have a ton of inventories, you know you're sitting on. So

Speaker  410581:20
these are just kind of the the mentalities you need to think about. Am I going big? Do I have the capital? Do I have the support experience systems to go for these big chains and and, you know, you certainly can. It's not a bad strategy to start with the big chains. But if you want to kind of dip your toes and do a little more learning at a lower risk, maybe less, you know, less return on your spend, but less risk on the capital overall. Then, then you want to go the independent

Speaker  419280:00
path. So diving in a little on the independence, I just kind of want to talk about some, like, pretty tactical elements here. Like I said, you can, you can start quickly. You can get your first sale and mom and pops in, like, a couple weeks. You can do it on a Shopify wholesale site. You can go on fair.com you could, literally, I've done this multiple times. You can walk around your neighborhood and sell your product into stores. Just go talk to the manager, their owner, and they'll write you a check or whatever, and you just bring them a box of goods. It can be very, very simple. The con is you have to it's very high touch. You have to individually sell. You have to go to trade shows. We'll talk more about trade shows in a little bit. And you have to prompt them to reorder. That is probably the key difference that you wouldn't really know about unless you've done this. When you're working with like a, you know, a big, sophisticated Chain Home Depot, they have automatic ordering systems. They're looking what's on their shelf, and they're replenishing it, and it's all back end automated. I'm not saying it's perfectly efficient, but it is intended to be automated, whereas, when you're working with mom and pops, you usually have to call them and prompt them to reorder, even if your product sells. Well, you can be one of 5000 SKUs even in a tiny store, or you're talking hardware, one of 20,000 SKUs right in a tiny store. So you need to reach out to them over and over again. You can automate email. You can see them at trade shows, but usually phone calls the best way. So maybe you have resources for that. Maybe you go offshore for that. But it is pretty high touch. However, even with it being high touch, you can still make money off of it. You can have very good margins. You don't have all these like marketing spends and return allowances and all these little nickel and dime things the big guys hit you with. So if you want to go into retail, I'll just run through these kind of tactical tips to execute. Just make your minimum order quantity very clear. I usually recommend giving these independents just a starter order, like give them a starter pack. Make it two, 300 bucks. Your category may make this a little different, right? But don't give them a menu of every SKU you have and say, which ones do you want? They that just kills your close rate. It's like the paradox of choice. They can't decide. They say, Oh, let me read this thing and come back. And you never get them back on the phone. Just give them the starter order, and it's better to give them the best sellers anyway, right? You're gonna, you're gonna slowly learn what your best products will sell in store and how you package them, whatever. Just, just give them the best stuff. Your freight is usually going to cost seven to 10% you know, you'll work out a deal with FedEx or UPS or whatever you can freight is the easiest way to offer an incentive to these mom and pops, like give them free freight on the first order, or free freight if they order the merchandise, or whatever you're gonna that's you can have a lot of flexibility in there, but I'd plan for seven to 10% per shipment. You know, like I alluded to it earlier, you need to reach out for reorders. Phones, the best emails, good, but they're not all going to email you back a self service portal like on Shopify or fair. Those are helpful, incremental. Nothing's as good as calling, but you still want to have those up. So maybe not everyone knows this, but you don't, you don't charge sales tax when you're selling wholesale. It's the job of the retailer to charge sales tax to the end consumer. So you do need to collect tax IDs and reseller licenses for these mom and pops. Reseller licenses are kind of state dependent, but usually a tax ID and a reseller license. That's just good accounting on your end. So if you ever got audited, you could say, I didn't charge sales tax to all these people because they're licensed resellers. So that's just something you have to do. A big one we can get into the this one, in a lot of different ways, is a MAP policy. So whenever you're introducing new channels, you you have some risk to Amazon, right? Like someone could go resell, someone you know, could put it on their own website, and the listing gets scraped. You don't want that to happen. So yeah, what's called a MAP policy, Minimum Advertised Price, which means I sell you the product for $10 you can sell it for $20 or more. You cannot go below 20. That's your map, your minimum advertise price. It doesn't mean they can't promote it in their store. They can't give people discounts or 10% off or coupons or bundles or whatever. They just can't advertise it, aka, list it online as a lower price than what you say your map is. The catch with the map is you are beholden to the map as well. You cannot violate the map. So one workaround for this is to just make a retail specific SKU or item and then enforce map on that, whereas your Amazon item, you can keep that pure, and you still have your price flexibility without violating your own map. You can also put it in your kind of T's and C's with these resellers that they're not going to sell on any other marketplaces, that they're not going to go to walmart.com, or Amazon or Etsy or anything like that, you're going to want to have that by default, because every once in a while, there's a clever one, and you're like, oh my god, I have this great account. They ordered $5,000 and all of a sudden stuff showing up on Amazon. You're like, too good to be true that that random guy in Texas was maybe, maybe, maybe he wasn't my friend, after all. So you do want to watch out for those. One of the big benefits of of your mom and pops is the cash.

Speaker  513664:00
You can take credit card payments, and you can take them up front. When you work with the big chains, you're going to have net terms, net 60, net 90, maybe net 30, if you're really lucky. But with the mom and pops, you can just take their money, then ship it. It is a little easier to manage cash in that way, like I said at 10 trade shows, and depending on their product, if you can develop some sort of merchandising display, you're going to want to give it to them.

Speaker  521669:20
It generally will give you better visibility and placement in their stores. If you give them, like a little hanger or a stand or or some artwork or something with whatever you're selling, it'll kind of keep you from getting thrown on a shelf. Or if you are thrown on a shelf, you will get you'll stand out more. So merchandising is very important, and these retailers will they'll take it, they'll use it. You'll learn how effective it is, and they like it as as like a throw in. They feel like they're getting more value when you give them the merchandiser. And you can usually do it pretty cheaply, depending on what you make. So looking at it from the other angle, the national chains, you know there, you're going to get tremendous sales volume. You just have a proportionally higher operational burden. But once you get that all nailed down, they are the most efficient, and they are the most efficient way to really have big growth overall. You're kind of, you're kind of swinging for home runs here, and this is where you go from like product to actual brand. You get a ton of credibility just being in these chains. People trust what's in target. People trust what's in Walmart. That's why there's such high barriers to entry. To get in there, you have to be good. You got to kind of have the stomach for it, though. So it takes a long time the sales cycle. You can you can be unlucky. Let's say you you're ready tomorrow to start retail, and you start talking to all your buyers in your category. You go after your Walmart, your target, your depot, whatever. And they just finished their line reviews. So now you have to wait a year. They usually look annually. Sometimes they do it twice a year. Sometimes they do it every other year, but most of the time, once a year they're going to review their category. So you might wait a year until their review comes up. Then they tell you, I'm not interested and they don't even want to review, or you pitch them and you don't succeed. They say, come back next year. Now you've got another year. So now you're at the end of year two. Now you finally make the sale. They love it. They want to bring it in. They want to test it out in 150 stores. And if it does, great, they'll put it chain wide. But you don't ship for another nine months, right? So you've you've done nothing wrong. You've probably done a pretty good job at that point, but it still took you three years to get into one of these, right? That's a pretty common scenario, you can get lucky. Don't get me wrong, you can sometimes get in and under your your you'll be very lucky to do so usually, the smaller the chain, the faster you can go. But the way you kind of hedge against this is you just place more bets, right? Take more swings, go after eight to 10 retailers, and you get lucky once, and you're, you're in one within a year, and you do pretty well with two more. And now you're, now, you're in three within two years, right? And now that big one, you've been cooking, you know, Walmart's taking you forever, but you're out there. You've proven some stuff, you've learned some things, and you're really ready when, when the big ones want to take you on. So just be ready for a longer sales cycle. And you can you can manage your your capital costs. You do need systems. You need EDI. You need to sign up for their proprietary ordering systems, which all cost money. You're going to need to have your three PL figured out. I'll talk more about all this stuff. But the beauty of the longer sales cycle is you can kind of wait to do that. You can have it all planned out. You say, I'm going to use this system. I'm going to do this with my three PL but you don't actually have to pull the trigger and start implementing this stuff or paying money until you have a commitment. Because, again, Walmart is an example. They might agree to buy your product, but you're not going to ship it for maybe an entire year. So you have plenty of time to get these things in order, but you will eventually have to do it, and you will have to spend money to do it. There will be a lag between when you buy these systems and set them up and start paying for them and actually have cash, but you don't have to go buy these systems now and set everything up and then hope to get a sale in the next year, or whatever. So pricing structure is, I have a little more on this later, but unlike the mom, like the mom and pops, you can just give them a price. You get 50% off retail, and that's what they pay. The bigger accounts, they all have these things called allowances. That's like the catch all term. So there's a marketing allowance. Usually they'll just say, All right, we take 5% off your invoice for marketing. And you say, what's that for? And they just say, for marketing.

Speaker  596432:00
And you say, can you be specific? And they say, oh, you know, marketing, right? So they're just going to take it. They might take 2% for defectives and returns, okay, that makes sense. They might take another 1% handling fee or something.

Speaker  601029:20
Those are going to come up, and there's always going to be a range. So the way you counter that is you come in with a a low price, relatively lower than you might sell your mom and pops and you say, This is my I call it vanilla. You can call it whatever you want. This is my basic pricing. This is what I I charge with no allowance, no program, you know, three bucks. And then if they want to institute their 5% marketing, they're 2% effective, whatever. You just build that right into their price. So you show them that they're increasing their own price.

Speaker  610768:00
All this stuff is somewhat negotiable, so this is your negotiating tactic. You might end up in the middle a little bit, but if you were essentially saying this is like my floor price, I'm giving you the best price. You're choosing to add 5% marketing allowance back into this now your price goes up. That does work, right? I've done it over and over again, but if you walk in with a low price, and then they want a total of 12% between freight, defective and marketing, and you don't have this kind of you haven't gotten ahead of it with that discussion with them, you might just have to eat that 12% that goes right to your bottom line, right? So I try to maintain, like, a 30% or higher contribution margin when you're when you're taking all these allowances out, whatever rep payments you're doing, you know your fixed costs and your systems, your unit costs and your your marketing spend. If you can stay above 30, you're probably going to be pretty healthy in retail. Anything higher than that is, you know, congratulations to you.

Speaker  627696:00
So I've mentioned a couple of these already. I'll talk about actually selling and pitching buyers in a little bit. But your Amazon dominance. If you are dominant on Amazon, you have badges, you're at the top, you have a ton of five star reviews. You've got, you know, a great score. They want that. That is your tool for selling in that is honestly the easiest part for you should be pitching once you've done your market assessment and you know, you're the right fit, and you've got something there, because you have a proven product. You're not just some like, random inventor that came up with a cool idea that hasn't sold anywhere. You've got years of sales history, and that works on these buyers. 789, years ago, I would tell you the opposite. They they were fighting Amazon. They didn't want to be what's on Amazon. Now they they all have the can't beat them. Join a mentality. So if you are dominant on Amazon, they don't want to lose out in that competition, that category, they want to get in on it. So you're going to leverage your Amazon success as your as your sales tool. A note on marketplaces, particularly Walmart. Plus, if you're considering doing those and you're considering retail, I would just get on Walmart. Plus, as fast as you can, the buyers at Walmart care about what is on Walmart plus, and if you do really well, they'll even come to you. So if you've thought about making additional marketplaces a priority, and you have an omni channel sort of vision, the marketplaces are a great place to start, particularly Walmart plus targets going they're all going that direction. Target has some like, weird internal politics where the buyers are, like fighting the marketplace. I think that's getting resolved now, but it's an asset to have a sales history, because sometimes you might walk into that first sales call and their response will be, go on Walmart, plus improve yourself. So if you can get out ahead of that, you might fast track your sales cycle. You might also fast track your sales cycle using broker reps. I'm going to talk about reps in great detail coming up here, but those are a great way to speed up the sales cycle and also cover a lot more ground than you could do alone. Just real quick note on when we talk about selling, selling in means getting on the shelf. This is what we've been talking about. You know, doing your market research, having a compelling value, some sort of differentiation on the shelf. Going to these buyers, using your Amazon dominance, you also want to use your research like show them your homework. Of I went to your store and six others, and here's the gap in the assortment that you you aren't serving, and here's how we're succeeding with that on Amazon, you tell them that story you you're gonna have a pretty high success rate selling through is once you're on the shelf, your product has to sell. That's actually the most important part, by far. Selling in is a ton of work. You can't sell through until you've sold in. But if you don't sell through, it doesn't matter how convincing you were to that buyer or how great your brand looks, the product has to sell on the shelf. So the ways to do that, obviously, like having the good value of just being a good product with the right price in the right place, that that's probably the fundamental, most important thing. But you can, you can you can affect things. You can make packaging tweaks. You can market within the stores proprietary marketing systems, or you can use like, geographic targeting on things like Facebook and Google and, you know, Instagram, whatever. And you can, you can use this feedback to like affect how you're how you are on the shelf, like, maybe you can do a rolling packaging change if you realize no one's No one's buying at the rate you thought they would, or you want to, you know, you find a good return on some marketing, and you want to plow some some cash into that, right? You have some time. You have at least a year, usually, often more. So start paying attention to stuff from day one, and you'll have time to fix it. And this is one of the benefits of starting with your mom and pops over your big chains is you can go through a lot of these iteration and learning cycles before you know the clock is ticking and you're on the shelf at, you know, Whole Foods or something. Okay, so let's, let's talk about reps. I heard a lot of horror stories from folks at Inspire where they said, Yeah, I'd like to go into retail, and I talked to a rep, and they want to charge me $8,000 a month and and, you know, commission. So why would you use reps in the first place? Reps are they're just tools. They're like an external sales team. They can speed up your process. They usually have good relationships at these retailers, so they can, they can get you in the door quicker than you normally would be able to get in by yourself, just by kind of cold prospecting. And they know the systems, and that can be the most valuable thing. It's like they can help you with the proprietary setup at any of these retailers, and that can be very time consuming and slow and painful to do on your own. So that's the best reason. The reason why you might not want to do it is is there's a there's a cost associated I find most the time you're going to end up with a mix, but tactically speaking, when you're shopping for reps and you want to use reps here, here's kind of a few tips. You want to vet them. Talk to a few of them. Get industry referrals from people you know that have used reps. I mean, they say relationships business, it really is in terms of, like, who you know, correlating with quality. Ask them questions like, okay, in the last year or two years, how many SKUs and dollars Did you incrementally add to your assortment? Right? Like, maybe they have five brands they've had for two years. How much more did they sell in in the last couple years? How much growth did they experience? Those are the metrics you really want to look at, because there's a lot of hand waving of, Oh, I know everyone. I'll get you right in there. Don't listen that Try, try to get some data. But honestly, a referral from someone that's used rep and vouches for them is, is probably all you need in most cases, um, pay them 5% net sales so they get paid when you get paid, and all those deductions, allowances, chargebacks, whatever, come out of the invoice, and then the rep gets 5% of what's left. That will incentivize them to help you with the systems and operate better. And don't pay them a retainer unless they're doing something other than sales for you, if they're like going in and helping you source better packaging, or they're negotiating with your three PL for you and helping you stand things up. Okay, maybe a little retainer for a couple months while that project is being done. Is fine if they're adding value, but if they're purely doing sales, just purely going to accounts and helping you get meetings and launch the product, don't pay a retainer. Just pay, pay 5% and make sure you limit their exclusivity. Give them a couple key accounts. They'll all promise the world that they can get you in everywhere. But they're usually good with a few accounts, especially if they have employees who are, like x employees of these accounts that that really helps. And put a 30 day out in the contract. You want to fire bad reps as quick as possible, and hold on to the good ones as long as you can. Ultimately, you're in charge of the sales strategy. They're not going to do everything for you. You have to still push them. You have to have meetings with them, you have to give them materials. You have to motivate them. They are not a cure all solution, but good ones can be very valuable. So I'm going to try to speed things up here, and I'm lagging a little. Want to make sure we have time so trade shows, these are, these are generally good things to do, especially if you're with the mom and pops. If you're going after mom and pops, you're definitely going to want to do trade shows, because you can write orders at these shows, and you can offset your costs. You can sometimes even make money on shows. It's not easy to do, but you can. But if your show costs you 20k total, and you write 15,000 of new orders, and then you have, you know, the lifetime value, or annual value of those accounts reordering that can be, that can be a very, a very profitable scenario. When it comes to the big ones, you can certainly close big accounts at trade shows, but this is where they kind of get to know who you are. They might chat with you, give you a meeting later, and they like to see you at these shows a couple times, because it tells them your brand is sticking around. You're in it for the long haul. You You're solvent. You know you're not going out of business because you did one show and now you're bankrupt. You kind of have to build it up with the big accounts. But if you can write orders for the mom and pops while you're there, you can, you can kind of offset your costs real quick going through this table, you know, your fees are going to vary depending on the size of the show materials. You can go cheap and kind of just have a backdrop, or you can build it all out, you know, whatever works for your brand. Obviously, freight is going to be dependent on what kind of material. Materials you use. I do recommend spending on marketing. There's always some proprietary stuff. I my strategy has always been try two or three things, which everyone worked next year. Just triple down on that one. There is value to being on the back cover of the pamphlet, or having your brand on everyone's badges, or something like that. They take a few days to do. You can usually hire some help to help you with the boost if you need to. I've always gotten, like local actresses, they're always looking for work, and, you know, people want to talk to them, so it is a way to do it.

Speaker  784122:40
And yeah, for your business overall, it's it's just good for your brand. It's calculating costs and your return. You can do it. You're generally going to hope to break even, but the long term network effects, just in the industry, are usually worth it. So these are just category specific shows that are kind of the best in class show. I tried to cover an assortment of categories here. I've been to most of these. The ones I haven't been to, people I know and trust in these industries. Tell me these are the ones to go to. We don't have to dwell on this. It's just a list. But, yeah, one note, ecrm is this. It's like a virtual speed dating show, usually focused on your big a few big retailers and a bunch of grocery and you some of these are in person, some are digital, but essentially, you can sign up and, like, kind of put a little blurb up there, and interested brands will come and you'll get, like, a 15 minute pitch. You can also get your money back, usually, if if nobody selects you as like a speed dating option. So this one works for some brands. Some people love it. I personally have not had success with it, but some people swear by it. So you can look into ecrm, but it is very category agnostic. So

Speaker  805648:00
for Cosmo prof, would you only recommend the Miami cosmoprop? Or would you say any, any cosmoprop is just as good?

Speaker  807845:20
I would say Miami usually. Yeah, that's that was. I have not been to cosmopol. I spoke to a friend of mine who's big in beauty, and he said, Jan, Miami. Cosmo prof, usually the shows, when there's a couple a year, there's usually one better one, like America smart is a big kind of general gift Mart in Atlanta. They do January and July. I always recommend January. Same with the Las Vegas same owners. If anybody has specific questions on shows, I can either tell you or find out for you which ones are better.

Speaker  816570:40
Talking operationally, this one gets really messy and complex, and I'm going to hesitate to make strong specific recommendations, because it really depends on what you're going for. But I do recommend not going and get a big ERP out of the gate. You don't need to go get NetSuite before you get into retail. You don't need, you know, to get your data warehouse set up right away. The best way to do this is usually incrementally. As your kind of accounts come in. You want to keep your mind open to all right, what might I want to connect this to later? What might I sketch out my my systems needs being but once you get, like, a big account, you're going to need an EDI provider, right? And then you're going to have all that sales data. So you're going to need, you know, you're usually going to use your three PL system to process orders, but do you want to start utilizing that data and getting smart with it? Maybe you need a data warehouse, something like that. Just build incrementally, would be my recommendation to you, if you try to build your system before you have your accounts and you know their specific needs, it's going to be extremely costly and extremely costly to fix it when it's broken. That's why I have this norm McDonald quote here. What does not kill you makes you weaker, so don't over commit on systems out of the gate when you are ready. These are some good kind of best in breed, best in class systems for each kind of piece you're going to need. So I would think of it this way. You know you're gonna have a sales CRM. If you're doing the mom and pops, your CRM is more important because you're tracking hundreds of accounts. If you're just kind of like, I'm going to work these big 10 retailer national chains. Maybe you don't need a sophisticated CRM, but you can always integrate your CRM, you know, with your sales, eventually sales order tracking. There's a lot of different options, including, like, proprietary stuff, like, if you're selling to the mom and pops on your Shopify, and just use their system. EDI is how these big chains order that stands for Electronic Data Interchange. It's a system based on fax machines. It's a piece of shit. So you need a provider that will just do it for you. I, I would say I just recommend SBS commerce. They're the best. The only reason to use commerce hub is they're they're better for like the drop ship orders. Like, if you're working third party with a retailer, commerce up pretty good. But if you're going direct SPS, commerce, you pretty much can't go wrong. Self fulfillment, ship station, people like that one accounting go with your favorite, whatever's flexible and can can integrate, you know, QuickBooks. You can you can use an ERP like NetSuite. You don't have to take everything from NetSuite at once if you want to build over time. Maybe it's a good idea to start with, like a NetSuite, and then add on as you need. And then data warehousing. There's a million options, but Tableau and triple whale are the ones I hear the most that people recommend, just build as you need. That's that's really my only advice for your P, L, this, this chart, hopefully will be useful, you know, as you kind of do your own, your own forecasting and stuff. Just a note on like, how to forecast sales so most of the time, retailers work at what's called Keystone pricing. So you have your, you know, your retail cost of the good your item costs $20 to consumer. The retailer will buy that at roughly 50% off, right? $10 so that's your most basic calculation. Then you layer on all these other costs, you know, their marketing allowance, return allowance, you know their charge back, defective, whatever. So that's kind of how you boil this all down to your margin. And if you're looking at actual dollars, you can do some very simple calculations. You could say, All right, I'm probably going to sell one unit per store per week, I'm going to be in 1500 targets. There's 52 weeks in the year, right? Pretty simple arithmetic. It's never going to end up being that simple. But when you're trying to forecast and you want broad bands of like, what is my growth opportunity? If I get three out of these six target accounts and I get 50% plus penetration in the ear doors, this. This is the kind of math you're going to use. Units per store per week is your industry. Metric depends on your category. One is kind of a good number. 50% off retail is a good number for what you're going to charge them. Remember, you can build a lot of these costs back in to your price with the retailer. You just want to be aware that these costs are going to are going to kind of come for you when you're in a softer good, like apparel or, like, you know, something more disposable. You're probably going to end up with a lower cost to the retailer. You might be 35 40% of total cost, whereas going the other way, if you're like a consumer electronic, like high, sophisticated, complex item, you might only give 30% off to the retailer. You might be at 70% but you can research your category. That information is available, but 50% is is kind of the industry catch all for for the for the overall average, and some notes on three, pls. This can really make or break you. This is where you will lose a lot of margin if you don't have your three PL figured out, because if they screw up shipments, you will get what's called chargebacks. Walmart will say, All right, we said, if you put the sticker on wrong, it's 250 bucks per time you put the sticker on wrong, and you're going to sign that contract, because you have to. And those chargebacks for the big retailers, those are profit centers. They make money for their businesses off of those, so they want to catch you. So you want to get a good three PL that has worked with retail before you will save money in the long run, getting a more premium three PL that knows how to operate with retailers. Don't trust the ones that just do dropship. Don't trust just an s an LTL freight carrier that says, Oh, we can do it like no problem. They can't do it. Give them a three day turnaround in your SLA, they need to get orders out three days, Max, 72 hour maximum, for when orders get shipped. Make sure they're responsible for chargebacks where it is their fault, like if they screwed up, like you have a process and they didn't follow it, they pay you back for those chargebacks. You're going to want that in your contract. You're going to get on their system. You're going to want insights into their data. I recommend weekly calls and check ins. Try to build out a long termination notice at least 90 days. Go for as many as you can, because if you get fired from your three PL, which can happen for any number of reasons, even if it's not your fault, that can be a killer. So try to build yourself as long of a buffer as possible, and then for storage. Just make sure you've got enough kind of room that you can fill in that warehouse for whatever your peak q4 estimated need is plus 20% because you never know. Sorry, I'm trying to go a little quicker here so we can get through everything, but we're almost there. I mentioned merchandising. This is how you maximize your sell through Right? Like merchandising is your packaging, whatever you're putting around the product, your display, your science, whatever, and then your marketing packaging. I'm like, a big proponent of just make the packaging stand out. If everyone on the shelf is like a black, sleek bottle. You should be a bright pink, fuzzy bottle. Just go the other way. The best example of this of when I worked at thres, it was angry orange. Every bottle was white. In PET cleaning, we put an orange one on. We blew everyone out of the bottle. Blew everyone out of the water. Now go look at the pet aisle. Everybody's got a unique bottle. Now there's other orange bottles, like standing out is everything people need. You need to catch people's eyes they're walking down. There's 1000s of products. When they walk by and they're five feet away, they're 10 feet away. Can they read your product? Can they see what's on the package? Usually, what you have for Amazon is not going to be adequate for the shelf, not even close. So do this upfront, like get some concepts you can actually use buyers. You they'll give you feedback. You want to be collaborative with your buyers. You want to use their marketing. They're going to offer you a bunch of marketing stuff you have to pay money for. Try, try it. Like, try marketing on the Home Depot app. And, you know, doing ads on that, if it works, throw money at it. If it doesn't work, you learn something. But many of them are often pretty good, because you kind of have a captive audience. You can also get smart with, you know, your own marketing and their marketing and kind of, you know, organize your campaign. So this is, this is just a sort of general note, and going all the going all the way back to the the tariff thing we talked about at the very beginning, people say it's a relationships business in retail. I think that's true in some ways, and not true in some other ways, like, if you have a good product and you know how to go about selling, you don't really need relationships to break into retail. But if you want to continue to succeed in retail, you need a good relationship with your retailer and with your buyer. So going to the very beginning, you're going to be educating them under a category based on what you know, what you learn when you win the stores, what you know from Amazon. You want to solicit their feedback, make it a conversation, give them the opportunity to give you notes or suggest a different format or packaging or something like you might take two years to get into Walmart, and the two years were spent narrowing down what that buyer wants versus what what you think should be in that store, and

Speaker  975146:40
doing this kind of thing, checking with your buyer, emailing them, telling them industry updates, like teaching them that's where you get resiliency when you have something like a tariff. Because you can say, if you have a relationship with this buyer, you can go to the buyer and you can be honest. You can say, hey, I'm getting killed. This is what's happening in my margin. Is there something we can do, right? And they're probably not going to just, you know, pay you more overnight, but they might, you know, waive the marketing fee for a year, right? All of a sudden you got three 4% back, right? They might, you know, give you better terms on cash. I don't know there's, there's a million little ways to wiggle once you're, once you're kind of in a store, but they're never going to do that for you? If you just sell and you autopilot, and they don't hear from you, and then all of a sudden, when you need something, you come to them, you have to be offering value to these buyers all the time and be collaborative. And then when shit hits the fan like it is now, then you have a chance of fixing something. And maybe all your buyers aren't going to help you out. But if you have a good relationship with 10 key buyers, five or six of them probably will, and that, that could be the difference for you. So this is how you This is how you really grow at retail once you're in focusing laser focus on my sales on the shelf, and that is your your marketing, your merchandising, your packaging, and your relationship with the buyer. You want to tell them they should be ordering more peak seasons coming up. You're a little out of stock here. I noticed I was looking at the data. You should probably do an extra po coming up, right? You kind of have to do their job for them. So I know I just talked a lot. That was my kind of final chapter of success there. So, all right, anyway, sorry, I went on a little longer than I thought, but

Speaker  1004282:40
lots of good stuff there, very comprehensive. We had a question about ODU, OD Oo, yeah. Is that something you've got any experience with, or you've heard much about? Yeah,

Speaker  1007114:40
a little I've done a little bit of ODU years ago, and I'm not sure how far they've come.

Speaker  1008767:59
But that was, that was a really build it yourself system. We had a really good engineering guy building that for us. So what we were able to do was we kind of built our fulfillment, order tracking thing through ODU, and then we layered on a self service platform to to our retail accounts through ODU. So again, I haven't touched o do in probably five years. I imagine they've grown and they've changed a lot, but I would say qualitatively, they had good stuff and they were good to work with, if anybody wants, like, real deep dive detail on O 2o. Do I can go? I can go talk to some people and get kind of a modern take on that.

Speaker  1021386:40
Well, I've got a question from Etienne, who is leading the new retail channel on the app. So please let us know if you want to join that. Question is, how do you wanted to store execution without a salesfor,

Speaker  1025216:00
sorry, without a

Speaker  1025776:00
sales force, without

Speaker  1026096:00
a sales force in the store. Um, it's not that easy. No,

Speaker  1027344:00
say, say, presuming you don't have employees to go and check on stores, like, if you're a way, is there a way to is there another way to check on

Speaker  1029344:00
Yeah, yeah, okay, there's a few ways to do it. One is you to the extent possible, you should always be in the stores. If you can't be in the stores. There are different ways to look at execution, and some categories are very execution dependent, like greeting cards, for instance. Like some you, you will either through the retailer, or often through third parties. You can hire people for implementation. And I usually recommend this if you're going big and you're doing like an end cap or or like a sidekick, which is like, you know, those things you kind of hang on the shelves, those are really execution dependent. So if you're doing an end cap, you're usually going to want to find a third party that, like always works with Walmart or whatever, and they will go in and set it up for you. It costs money, but it's worth the investment almost every time, because if you're doing a big initiative, like an end cap or a sidekick with, like, a Walmart and it's up to the Walmart employees, you will, you will be staggered how little they actually do it. Like we had a sidekick with Walmart once, and we let the Walmart employees do it, and we got 15% of it put out, which is atrocious. Where we were out, we blew the sales out of the water, but only 15% of these things we we shipped actually made it to the shelf. If we had paid labor, even, you know, 200 bucks a store, which would be pretty high, we still would have made our money back in a second, even if we got, you know, 10% more back on the shelf, right? So that's when it's most important to use a like a workforce, is when you're trying to execute something major, like an event marketing or something like that, or if the stores require you to go place it out. But that's pretty rare for that. If you're in like food, like a distributor will do it for you, like a ke or unify greeting cards, you'll probably never get into greeting cards because Hallmark and American Greetings won't let you. But yeah, yeah. In terms of just general merchandising, it's probably not worth the money to go and pay people to, like, sort stuff out however you can. There are firms that will go out and take pictures and, you know, pretty cheaply, like, just give you an assessment of, like, 100 stores and how you look on the shelf, and then you can take that information to a buyer and see what you can do. But if you're just getting stocked, you know, one two facings by the store employees, generally, the most cost effective thing is to let them do it.

Speaker  1069706:40
So how does your company work? Are you? Are you pretty much the same offering as a rep? Or does your offering differ and the way you work differ?

Speaker  1072122:40
Yeah, I'm not a rep, so

Speaker  1073168:00
I kind of cover all this, right? So I think a fractional VP of Sales and Marketing for retail is like a good way to think about what I do, like, what are all the things you need to do to figure out if you're going to go into retail, do a market assessment. That's kind of a, you know, discrete product I offer, and then get from A to Z of like, setting all this stuff up, which systems you want, what sales are we trying to achieve? What accounts are we going after? How are we forecasting? Do we need to source a packaging person, source a compliance person so we can be compliant with Walmart or Costco or whatever, get these systems stood up, marketing, brand recommendations, kind of everything, really. So the way I generally work is I'll do a market assessment, that's kind of a discrete project, and then we'll say, Okay, here's your market. I do not recommend you go into retail, or I do recommend you go after these. This is what it would take for you to get to retail, and then I help you execute that. So that's usually like a three, 612, 24, month project depending. But I try to kind of teach brands how to fish. So although we stay great friends, they don't need me anymore after a year or two.

Speaker  1092383:59
Okay, so another question, can you comment on how some retailers want someone who is already a vendor of record, so they may read you to a distributor.

Speaker  1094837:20
Yeah, that's more common in grocery, I'd say.

Speaker  1095957:20
And it is category dependent. I think food, you're going to see most of that. I've never sold books, but I think books work that same way. So yeah, that's going to be most common. And look, if, if, if, your margins work great. Do it? You know, you obviously want to get some details and some guarantees and understand how these distributors work and like, what's you know, do you get prioritization and what actual services are you getting? But yeah, in the right categories. The distribution model exists for a reason, so it's really about your numbers and if it's going to

Speaker  1105472:00
make money for you, great. So, so do you want to have you got, like, a contact slide that you can use, that you can show us, yeah, like your email address and that, otherwise, we can use the one that we've got. Yeah,

Speaker  1108288:00
I got this. You guys can find me on, I think I'm on the partner pages as well.

Speaker  1109845:20
Yeah. So for those of you to join later, Mike can offer like a free, free console, give an idea of what you know if you're going to be a good fit, if you're likely to be a good fit for retail. And then there's the more detailed project that you do for people that you're offering 50 that we can do 50% off that correct? Yeah. Correct. Awesome. Well, that we will get the slides will be with the recording that should be live tomorrow. So Belen, that's been emailed to us, I think we did get that added to the recording. That will be great. Please give feedback to this call on the air table link there. So I just love to get a score out of 10. That's all I'm asking for. I want to give a bit of extra feedback that's helpful. If you guys love retail, you want more retail calls. Let me know. Don't forget to join the retail channel. The FTN is lead, is leading on the app.

Speaker  1124976:00
Some chat on there already. So, yeah, thanks. Thanks very much. Mike. Over to you catch you in event soon. Thanks, guys.

Speaker  1127248:00
Yeah, thank you guys.

Speaker  1128270:40
Thank you. Thank

Speaker  1128640:00
you guys next week.
