Women of MDS Monthly Call
Date: November 13, 2025

Speaker  00:00
It's a week earlier, so it's been three weeks. Yeah,

Speaker  736:00
I mean, I'm not complaining. I like it, but it just was like, wow, it's already been that much time,

Speaker  2736:00
well, and, you know, it's uh, because next week, you know, Turkey, 500 starts. And, you know, because we realized it might be just too busy, so we thought we would preemptively, you know, get it run. So that's, I love it to today, Aarons here, Amy's here, and Emily's here. A bunch of note takers are here. Oh, so today we're gonna, we're gonna let people keep coming in, obviously, and we're gonna, we'll see do some troubleshooting. What are you doing for your deal? So think on that as everybody starts showing up again, slowly here, let me just make a note to everyone that we're here, our call is on.

Speaker  16442:40
Please hop on all right. Else we got I think, let me see where's Dana? Hopefully she's coming today. You joining I'm here. Oh, you're here. Oh, there you are. Hey. Girl, amazing

Speaker  23093:20
to fix my name here.

Speaker  24325:20
Oh, there you are. Girl, how are you?

Speaker  24933:20
I'm fine. Where's my internet is

Speaker  26069:20
not awesome today, so I apologize if I glitch and everything else. So I'm

Speaker  27450:40
sorry what my

Speaker  27866:40
internet is bad today. It's raining here. It's raining where you are too, isn't it

Speaker  29146:40
not raining yet. It's just kind of just kind of cloudy, little overcast. I have like a huge glare coming off my window.

Speaker  31338:40
We're coming down to the USC io game tonight and supposed to rain the entire time.

Speaker  33312:00
Iowa, USC, yeah, okay, yeah, it's funny. They say it's supposed to rain. I don't know if it's gonna rain or not.

Speaker  37520:00
It may not. Who knows? I'm gonna,

Speaker  39045:20
I'm gonna take your camera off, Jennifer, because you

Speaker  39605:20
keep Sharon, how are you good?

Speaker  41269:20
Yep, there you go. Hey, freedom.

Speaker  42325:20
If I'm glitchy, I'll do that much better? Okay, yeah, it's me. Man, oh, man. Sharon, how are you good?

Speaker  45146:40
Good. Yeah, I am under attack by someone. They even managed to delete one of our listing right before we ship out. Yeah, it's it. Tell diversity, tell

Speaker  50016:00
me, tell me. Tell me more. Tell me. Tell me more about

Speaker  50671:59
so right before I ship where everything's ready to ship out from China, and then I happen to check the barcode, because we are making new product cards. And I checked this one, it doesn't match, and it turned out to be someone, I guess, either hacker or someone inside Amazon deleted our skill and link it to Amazon barcode so we couldn't change it. We have to re label the products, recreate all the shipment, all six of them, and then send out.

Speaker  61306:40
What's your category?

Speaker  61786:40
Health, lots of Chinese sellers.

Speaker  63050:40
Wow, I'm so sorry to hear Yeah.

Speaker  63770:40
And also we get, like a policy violations every few days. Wow, yeah,

Speaker  66176:00
what kind of policy violations

Speaker  66880:00
I like? The one is image tampering. We didn't even do anything. The other two is they changed the claim. Someone changed the UPC code, of course, they said, we change the UPC code and title to something represent a different product, but we didn't do anything. Wow.

Speaker  73637:20
Does this happen? Does this happen often to you?

Speaker  75045:20
Three years ago I was shut down. This time is little by little, but oh my, I couldn't create MCF orders, the multi channel fulfillment order, it's blocked, says I need to make a payment, but I don't have any negative balance right now.

Speaker  82064:00
Wow, I am,

Speaker  82496:00
yeah, if someone you know has a big website sales,

Speaker  84192:00
do you allow resellers on your Amazon? Like, does anyone else resell your same product? No,

Speaker  86549:20
a few years, few years ago, our Canada side shut down. I actually talked to someone. Our Canada business was really small to nothing, almost, so I didn't really do anything. So I end up calling somebody. Someone called me from Amazon side. They were saying is, possibly, they are not sure that, possibly, you know, we share the user permission to our vas, is there's computer something, something that cause alert. They shut it down.

Speaker  97504:00
Yeah, that's, yeah, right now, it's the UK side. They said something, the block is from the UK side. Should I close all those international accounts. I don't sell that there. You're

Speaker  102133:20
not using it, yeah, why not? It is very once you have a UK site, any European size, you know, they open like 20 of those together. Anytime you update the B plus images, they're going to be challenging. They will say something, you can't update the B plus images. You're not doing business there. That's my take.

Speaker  108778:40
So I just shut down all the accounts, because right now, lots of listings are de listed because they say, Oh, you need to submit documents.

Speaker  111498:40
No, you, if you're getting that, you just go on and you just uncheck, it sounds like, Amazon automatically, like, open things up for you. Just uncheck those places where you don't want to sell, and then all that stuff will go away.

Speaker  114704:00
Oh. How do you uncheck? You go,

Speaker  115200:00
have to go to where your dashboard is of where your approval to sell. And you have to go in there, uh

Speaker  116624:00
huh. And

Speaker  116912:00
you have to, it shows you which countries it's open in, you just have to, like, check which ones you don't want to be in, which ones you do want to be in. Like, if you only want to be in North America, you only check North America.

Speaker  120245:20
Uh huh, right now though, all the all of those places are inactive or on vacation or something,

Speaker  122213:20
no, you just check that you don't want to be sold there. If you're not selling there, you just check that you don't want them open.

Speaker  123898:40
Okay, all right, okay.

Speaker  124954:40
We occasionally, like, I don't know, every now and again, go look to make sure, because it's Yeah, Amazon just opens them. For some reason, it's definitely worthy of a quarterly check to go in deep into your dashboard. Okay, well, poor Sharon, man, a man. Anybody else have any challenges like that, or any challenges

Speaker  132208:00
I keep my finger crossed, and never happened to me. But you know, if it really happens. That's frustrating.

Speaker  134293:20
I'm also, I'm interested. Sharon, you said, do a lot of trendy things that, right? So you

Speaker  135845:20
said, not, not very trendy. It's lots of Chinese sellers. I used to to be up front. You know, I design new things these days. Other people come up with bright ideas. So I'm not that trendy and not not up front anymore in the design, but we do introduce some pretty prints these days. But, yeah, we have lots of social media presence. Those Chinese sellers don't have that much of those, right?

Speaker  145312:00
And so they're so people are watching you and coughing right away. Is that the idea?

Speaker  146512:00
Yeah, yeah. They used to,

Speaker  147328:00
wow, definitely. Alyssa, are you new?

Speaker  148672:00
Hi, yes, I am new. So this is my first women's MDS call. So I joined MDS I think the beginning of May. So a newer member, however, been selling on Amazon for my company's been around for 11 years. I've been with the company about eight years. So finally decided it was time to join this community. We had always been very closed off, but obviously lot of knowledge in this group. So wanted to definitely take advantage. So we sell a lot of home, kitchen, pet so the company, one of our top brands, Gorilla Grip, we've been around Amazon for a little bit, so I manage our digital marketplace business.

Speaker  161088:00
And how'd you hear about MDS?

Speaker  162064:00
Again, we've we've been around for a while. We go to the conferences. I think I stopped by an MDS booth a couple times in the past. I think again, I feel like anytime in the past we had put ourselves out there, we would then see, let's say, a listing attacked or broken up, right? Not saying it was anybody in MDS, but I think, you know, for the larger portion of the company's existence, we've always been very like, closed off, right? I feel like when sometimes you put yourself out there, it's very much like, oh, I you know, things start happening to your listings, or, you know, like a situation Sharon mentioned, right, like, it's just really unfortunate, and tried to keep a low profile. But finally, again, with just as big as we are, and we run into issues just like everybody else, and it's like I didn't have anybody to turn to, like, Who could I talk to? It's not like my friends or family are selling on, you know, Amazon or Walmart or anything like that. So needed, you needed a network to one either validate some of the things that you know we're seeing or hearing or trying to get advice where we're needed, where I can't necessarily figure it out.

Speaker  178944:00
Well, I am so happy to have you. We, you know, have a monthly call. Are you more consistent now to talk about, like, what's going on in your business, and how can we help? And who knows what, and and women, somehow we sometimes, we have to have different challenges. You know, being in business, so I am so happy you're here. It's exciting. Thank you. Nobody else is new here, Tracy, I know I've met Tracy. Okay, today we're going to talk about Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Turkey, 112 as we whenever we talk about in our business, we could give it a different number, because it just seemed really silly, and I'm phrase can be very expensive. So I'm just wondering, What's What's everyone doing to prepare, because it starts next Thursday, right? Are you doing deals? Are you doing coupons? What is What does anyone have a want to share their strategy? Yeah. Casey, what are you doing?

Speaker  193936:00
I to be this year, this holiday, we try something different. I tend to be very aggressive in deals and lighting in deals. The best deals is we this this season, will want to be profit first. You see my talk to my team. I even talked to my our PPC agency. They're saying, you know, just do price discount and the reasoning we track every best deals we get, we evaluate and we look at the margins of profitability and some, I mean, just recently, we didn't do well before we you know, there's others. It just we didn't do well. I want to save the $1,000 and we do price discount. And another things I changed my strategy a little bit, is our first our best seller is low on stock is sold out right now. So we are. AWT has been very slow. We are we did we talk about on this call? Right? This cause, a wonderful call. So what we did is, when we deliver to a WD, instead of doing the truck delivery, we do UPS and FedEx that way, so can save us some time, but it's still at the at the AWD, there is a small delay right now from AWD to FBA. We probably can get it before holiday, before Black Friday. That's the reason I changed my I just want to see, I want to see the difference with a lot of deals versus price discount.

Speaker  224432:00
So you'll just, you'll do a strike through price. Is that what you'll

Speaker  225520:00
do price discount, you know the price discount, it called a use, called a price exclusive discount, is that this discount can earn as a badge as well, the same badge as best deals, or lighting deals,

Speaker  230232:00
really, but it's something you choose. It's not supported by Amazon, like they won't promote it, right?

Speaker  231928:00
They do price discount is a feature they do. They charge a fee, they charge the game. They charge 245, for all the skills that you include them in you can include your entire catalog in one deal. You can price discount used to call PD, have you heard, oh yeah, on a price discount exclusive. That's a simple thing

Speaker  239962:40
that was called prime exclusive discount. Okay, so that's what you're doing. Yeah, got you okay? So no, you're not doing any deals. You're doing peds this time around.

Speaker  242944:00
That's correct. I'm also curious to see what's the difference it makes.

Speaker  244608:00
I you know what? Me too. We're doing. We're doing both things that we just to anything that was could do a deal we're doing, and then everything else will do coupons or peds, and then we're going to definitely cut back our, our PPC this time and try to So is anyone also, you know, reducing their their PPC as shopping comes around next week. What's everyone

Speaker  251114:40
worried about that we always spend more.

Speaker  252762:40
I think for us, we typically see, you know, just spending more by nature of the traffic during the events, but like, not going to aggressive with some of the other tactics we're doing. So we're actually leaning into some deals. I think our categories are just so competitive, like we we have to, right? Like, well, I feel like it's just the sea is where everybody is on deal. And we've tried it in the past where we're not we've definitely lost out, and it took us a long time to kind of, you know, recoup back to the levels that we saw, you know, pre 10 poll events. So going leaning in slightly on advertising, but not too aggressive that, like, it doesn't make sense, like, we very much will monitor, like, our tacos, kind of like in real time, and make sure we're still kind of trending to the level that we typically operate to Right,

Speaker  267226:39
right. Okay, cool. What do you

Speaker  267882:40
recommend is a best practice during this time like this is my first Black Friday in in e Commerce on on this so I'm pretty new to the E commerce platform. What do you guys recommend on Amazon to do with increasing pricing, lower pricing. Like, what is best practice,

Speaker  273551:59
Dana want? You want to tackle that

Speaker  274751:59
one Dana or I can, um, so it depends, is always the answer on Amazon. So, um, if you can get the deal days. You want to do that, because deal days will be well, this particular what we've seen, deal days will be most prevalent. So deal days are you have to sign up. It's $1,000 you have to qualify. You have to have X number of ratings and customer feedback and stuff like that. And if you can qualify for deal days, you want to do it. It's 1000 bucks. It's 20 minimum of 25% off the catch this year is it's from November 20 to December 1. So it has to be for the whole time. So what you're going to do is you get that screaming red button on your asin that says deal days on it. And so that's what you want, because it's going to differentiate what we're doing, you know, we're you know we you have to suspend, like your abandoned cart and like your brand tailored promotions. You need to suspend because they could conflict with those particular deal days and hold them up. And so you want to suspend all those brand tailored promotions so you're not double dipping, or that they're not going to conflict with your stuff. The other thing we saw, I don't know if any of you have seen this, but you know, for deal days, you go in and you say, like, Hey, we're going to do deal days for like, 1000 units, or whatever, like, you have to say, your units. We actually, in October, underestimated the units for deal days for a particular brand we were working on, and when we sold through those units, even though we had units in AWD on the way, they took the deal days away. They took the deal, they brand banner away and the discount away. What was interesting was Amazon was lagging, so we said we'd sell 3000 items in the two days. Our dashboard said we'd only sold 2600 and the deal day badge went away. So Amazon was lagging. So in Amazon's books, we sold 2600 but there was like, X number and carts and X number wherever. So it like, took it away, even though we couldn't see that it was at 3000 so what we did differently this time is we, like, for this particular brand, we literally transferred 20,000 units from AWD into FBA. Now I don't know if we're gonna sell 20,000 units, but we sold 3000 in two days. So we're we did not want to run out of product for the deal day badge. So that's just a heads up. That's actually never happened before. Normally, they've allowed you, if you had a deal day badge, to continue to sell, because they can see like it's an ad or it's in transfer, they let you continue to sell. They did not allow that in October. So I would just warn everybody that about inventory. The other thing is, regarding PPC, what we saw in October and what we saw in July this year is you used to stop and pull back on all the PPC. When we tried that in July with a couple brands. It backfired, and it did not do well. So we had to actually spend PPC that at the same rate or slightly more, which is what we did in October, and it was very successful. So we plan on spending the same or slightly more. So perspective wise, if an account normally spends 50,000 in PPC, you know, we could spend 60 to 75,000 in in November, but it's 11 days so. But that will be very strategic. That's not going to be that's not going to be just like, set it and forget it. That's going to be daily monitoring of very specific campaigns, most of them targeting campaigns around. Most of the campaigns we build a lot are targeting campaigns against the competitors for the particular brand. Like literally setting up like, rather than just do like a general category, but actual target, like, if it's a particular, let's say, a snack food, and your number one keyword you convert off of is one of your competitor brands name, actually setting up, rather than create a just a generic thing off of your competitors, but actually setting up a specific ad campaign, specifically on your competitors product. That's what we actually did some experiments on recently, and it worked really well. So we're going to do a lot of that during Friday, Cyber Monday.

Speaker  349466:40
Dana for that too. Are you, is there a particular a cost you're Are you willing to go higher on your a cost for these particular things over the holiday? It just more you're looking for a greater audience. Is that why you're doing it?

Speaker  352496:00
Yeah, we're looking to new to brand. So you're looking to new to brand, and you're looking for you're new to brand, and you're looking for your repeat customers to come more. So you're new to brand, is it? Do you have more traffic at this time than any other time? And so now is when you attract new to brand. So there's two psychologies we think are going on. One is people have not been spending October was exceptionally slow, other than the deal days because of everything going on with the economy and not knowing what's going on and so all of a sudden, like yesterday was unbelievable. Last week was unbelievable. So we saw a huge spike across all brands, even CV, G, stuff like we sell pasta, we sell other snacks and other brands, stuff that normally is dead in the water, lots of activity, lots of purchasing. And so there's a lot of pent up people throwing stuff and shop and shopping carts, but not buying. And people started buying at the beginning of November and so, and we don't look at a cost. We look at Rosa. Rosa is a better indicator for us than a cost. So we look at revenue and ROAs are the two ones we look at. What is

Speaker  372544:00
your goal for your ROAs in the holiday season? Is it like, like, what is your goal to stay between?

Speaker  374245:20
It just depends on the brand. It just depends on the brand. So because we don't just look at that too, we're going to look at lifetime value of the customer, we're going to look at we're going to look at return customer, we're going to look at all that stuff. So it just depends on what it is so every category has a different one.

Speaker  380394:40
Do you ever recommend for those that have subscriptions? Do a Subscribe and Save deal during this time.

Speaker  382186:40
No, no, subscribe and stay. Stays on. It should be at least 10% we don't change it, we just kind of leave it because what will happen on Amazon, if you noticed, if you're new to brand, what they'll do is they'll show, they'll show the deal days, but they'll also show to Subscribe and Save. So they'll show the Subscribe and Save and the deal day. So the idea is like, if you do the deal day and Subscribe and Save, you know you'll get the deal day, and then you'll get on the Subscribe and Save. So a lot of people sign up for the Subscribe and Save during the deal days. So that's another metric we track as well. But sometimes what people do too, that you have to watch equally as well, is people will go and cancel all their subscriptions prior to deal days, because everything is so much less expensive, right? So if, if the things you buy every day of your house all of a sudden are 25% off, you know, your subscriptions only 10. So a lot of times, what they'll do is they'll cancel their subscriptions before and then buy everything at deal days and then re subscribe and say, do you have to track all that to see what happens like? Should really benchmark who you Subscribe and Save As before you look kind of like right after, and then you look 30 days after.

Speaker  402144:00
Got it.

Speaker  402960:00
Dana, if you do this and or anyone else here is anybody else particularly participate in DSP, in q4 and Dana, do you do much of it,

Speaker  405493:20
not in q4 No, because, you know, DSP, we're actually putting together plans for 2020, 26 and DSP is, you know, the way Amazon's changing right now is DSP is going to Be the TV part of Amazon that's going into process. Prime video and video ads and everything that's going across our streaming platforms and all that stuff needs to be part of the plan for DSP and for all that stuff. And so during the holidays, it's, it's a big money drain, because it's like, basically DSPs is like a billboard. So one, you have to have a very, very, very mature brand, because there's no way to measure the impact of DSP on the selling. So you don't just like, what if you're going to do the go through the streaming television and start doing the ad platforms through Amazon. Now that they're opening up all that stuff, there's no way to correlate that straight to sales, and it won't be in the same weeks or the same months, like you might have to do two months of DSP before you see impact, or two months of TV before you see an impact. And so we don't do any DSP in the in the fourth quarter.

Speaker  424917:20
Interesting, because your hope, because if you do it prior to that, then you get a cascade for q4 is that what you're kind of saying, correct

Speaker  426858:40
you need to do it before the fourth quarter, not in the fourth quarter.

Speaker  427802:40
Got it? Okay, that's so interesting. Got it, okay, cool. What's everybody else doing for Black Friday? Cyber Monday? Hey Angie, how are you nice to see you? Everyone is muted. All right, nobody wants to share more. Okay, cool.

Speaker  434752:00
I we added back the brand tailored promotion. Now we added 12% used to be only 10% and the best performing is abandoned cards. Yeah, people, yeah, then come back

Speaker  439509:20
and you're you'll keep that on over the holidays. Plus, do your deals, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  441493:20
We don't do deals. We only do the CV, the discount price.

Speaker  442469:20
Discount. Has anybody had great success, or any success with creator connections,

Speaker  444586:40
some sales we

Speaker  445290:40
have in a small I'm in a niche, so we use that right away when introducing new products. You know, we consider sometimes they drive some creator, they drive sales because now they're popular on Amazon, on YouTube, you know, a lot of creator, they have a multi platform, Amazon, YouTube, and maybe tick tock. I also see that as just help us, if we have a video, help us conversion. You know, that's how I see it. Normally, we have four or five videos and we stop interesting.

Speaker  455989:20
Has anybody else do credit connections? No. Have you tried it?

Speaker  458069:20
I have a supplement brand, and I hired a company to do my Amazon and they recommended that in the supplement space, it doesn't really help. I don't know if that's accurate or not, but they were saying that they don't see a huge lift in creator connections for the supplements. Now I also a beauty brand. We're trying to get on Amazon. I don't think we're going to be up before Black Friday, and even if we were, we're not gonna be able to have any deals or sales because we haven't been up long enough that one we might try to do creator connections, because I've been told, and again, I don't know if this is true from data or stats that for beauty, the beauty industry, it is better. Do you guys have any like, is that true? Is that not true? Like, what is your experience with that in the supplement industry or the beauty brand industry?

Speaker  472037:20
Dana, don't you have a supplement company that you guys do? Do you do creative connections? We have

Speaker  474149:20
multiple supplement companies, and yes, we all do creator connections, because you want, how does it work for them? Every brand, very well, every brand should have creative connections. There's no brand that shouldn't have it, because the only thing about it is it's, it's doesn't cost you anything if they don't do anything. So it's kind of like, if Amazon has the program that doesn't cost you anything. It's like, why not do it? So you have to. What we found is you have to put at least 15% to be competitive. We put 10 before, and that's why I think a lot of people don't get anything. Because, you know, a couple years ago, you could put 5% or 3% to like influencers, and it worked. But now in order to get anybody big or anybody poor, you got to put at least 15% and it's something you have to do manually. I mean, you have to go in, you have to look at who puts their thing in there, and then you have to go in, and you have to some everyone's gonna ask for samples. You have to vet who's willing to do a sample or not. Like we send out maybe one or two free samples, and we may get for every 100 or 200 requests we get. I mean, we're not very stingy. And, yeah, you know, so it's, it's, it doesn't cost you anything unless you do it. So why not? So I

Speaker  493466:40
would love to learn more about that. Dana, do you work for an agency? Because it sounds like you, you manage multiple brands. So

Speaker  495466:40
we have, we have our own brands. It's about 50 million, and then we have an agency and a consulting firm and a branding company, so we do all of it so

Speaker  497904:00
they seem extremely knowledgeable in this space. I

Speaker  499072:00
could talk to

Speaker  499536:00
you for hours and ask you all of the questions. I have a quick

Speaker  500432:00
question for you. Dana, about credit connections, because we we turn them off over, like, these big deal days. Do you generally keep them running? Yeah? Why

Speaker  502661:19
not? I guess we're just looking

Speaker  503061:19
at margins, right? If you're giving someone 15 or 25% commission, then on top of the deals you're already doing, you end up sort of not making money. Yeah?

Speaker  505333:20
Well, we especially keep it on now, because what's happening right now is if, like, especially the holidays. So if people doing two things, one is they're, if they're putting you on, like, a lot of those people will go do like their list. Like, here's my favorite things to go buy, or here's my favorite things to go give us gifts, or here's my favorite things do whatever. So you kind of leave all that on right now because, like, they're gonna go do that on their own stuff. And so that's free publicity, and that gets you stuff, especially this time of year, what we've seen is a couple people have reached out where they're, like, bigger ones, and because you can't, you can't contact them unless they reach out to you and give the contact information. So a couple big ones reached out and said, hey, you know, we can charge you only $300 and you'll be on our Christmas list. And you know, you'll, we'll feature here, here and here. So, like, those were, like, all over, like, because we go and look at the like, this particular influencer had 4.2 million followers. They only wanted 300 bucks, and they were going to feature the particular product on their gifts. So it's like, that's a, that's a no brainer. So you get those. And then the other thing is, we had another client who had, you'll get in creator credit, creator connections, a bunch of things that are like automatic, like different publications will come up automatically in there, and so, and you kind of think, ah, what is that? Well, proactively, you could call the publication and reach out to the beauty editor at that publication and say, Hey, you popped up into my Creator connections. I do have this beauty brand, supplement, pet food, whatever. THE HELL ARE YOU featuring different ones? And would you feature ours? So you could actually proactively reach out to those publications through, you know, like, that's another strategy and how to use creator connections, because you can kind of see which publications are engaged with Amazon, like digital platforms. Are

Speaker  535189:19
there any Dana? Are there any, I'm new to MDS too. Are there any classes or anything that you have taught about this in more depth that we could go maybe watch a video or something about creator?

Speaker  538725:20
No, no, no, we just kind of, we all, you know, think about MDS. That's cool is like we all end up going to things together and hanging out. I mean, Jennifer can attest to that. It's like we go to so the next event will all be together. Would be like in March, and when we go to the PROSPER Show in Las Vegas. And so MDs, obviously the PROSPER show is there, but that MDS does something they used to not, but they started doing a couple years ago, and it's really cool, and it's very worthwhile. And so what ends up happening is we always do like, a girl gang event, you know, where all the MDS women's get together. But then we also find, like, we find each other to go grab a drink, or we go to dinners, or we kind of do that kind of stuff, like, you know, not organized and whatever, and we just talk about things. But this monthly call, though, is really about doing that. So what we would do on this monthly call is do different trainings on things. And so if that's something, you know, since there's are a bunch of new people, definitely, if you want to do, like, creator connections, like, I'm happy to do that on this call. And like, we've done different things. We've done different things on this call to kind of do like, that kind of training and stuff. So, yeah, anything like that. It's pretty, yeah, it critter connections is. It's not, it's not overly, you don't need a lot of training. It's just, it's just more like, it's just lot of manual stuff, right? That's all, but, well, happy to do any of that. Um, and I'm happy to talk to anybody offline too, obviously, probably not in the middle of Black Friday 11 days. But once everything calms down a little bit, you know, if we want to do, like, some calls on some stuff, I'm happy to do that too.

Speaker  562288:00
So Lisa, I went and looked in MDS at the all the videos that you can go watch. We did a year ago. Dana, we did creative connections and a clean room, a plus plus branding. So it's recorded. Okay, go back and look a year ago, we must have talked in depth about it. It would be something. And I find going into the library catalog of videos, you can search any topic, there's so much wealth of knowledge going back in the video archives. And yeah, and the

Speaker  569861:20
other thing for those of you who knew is like I do when I say girl gang in a positive way, is like, you can really reach out to anybody in MDS to talk about anything you mean, feel free to contact me. Jennifer Angie's on the call. Like, we're all, you know, our schedules are, can be a little crazy, but we'll always make time for people to talk about specific one on one things, just like, you know, as colleagues to be like, Hey, I'm dealing with this issue. I'm doing whatever. And then we also do have the we do have the chat too. I know the chats have been weird. We used to have the chat on Facebook, and then they moved it to the app. Quite frankly, with the back and forth moving, I'm not on the chat as much as I used to be. But, you know, to just kind of like, reach out to anybody, to be like, hey, like, can we got a couple we want to get on the phone and talk about whatever. I mean, people will do that.

Speaker  582677:20
Yeah, in fact, it's a really good practice to, you know, I did early on, you know, schedule a call with someone and get to know them. It's really the best way if you cannot go into conferences, but the very best way is to get to our conferences. That's where you really meet people. And our So, Lisa, where are you based? Again, I'm in Arizona. Is there?

Speaker  588346:40
Yeah, so I heard we're starting one. I need to follow up on that. And I don't really know who to hang out. I don't know who to reach out to, but I guess I'll ask Belin I'm planning to go to in March. So I am excited. I hope to meet all of you guys. I already marked it on my calendar so that there's no time issue. Yeah, but I love this. I would love to connect with you offline. Dana, if we could

Speaker  595824:00
absolutely Alyssa,

Speaker  596416:00
where are you based?

Speaker  597024:00
I'm in the New York area. So I've been to like MDs, like New York chapter event already. Cool,

Speaker  598933:20
good, yeah, I would say the other thing you want to put on your calendar is the the summit, the annual summit. So the two big things I personally would recommend if you go to, the three things that I try never to miss, are prosper, slash MDS event in Vegas in March, the summit. And that's normally end of August or early September, depending on where it is or what it is. It's in Singapore next year in the beginning of September. And the other thing is Amazon accelerate, which will be is normally always the middle of September. And then the other thing is Amazon brand, the branding marketing event, which is normally in October, November. So me, if you had four things to go to, I mean if and if you had only three, the three would be the one, the first three I mentioned, just in terms of getting them on your calendar, just just from a getting information, knowledge classes, and then just the networking of just all kinds of people for resources for, as you said, you know, when crap goes wrong, and who do you call, and does other people like you're not alone In a vacuum going that happened,

Speaker  619306:40
you know, and I, I'm not a Facebook user. I, I am only to see the MDS, you know, Chapter information. There's so much valuable stuff on the Facebook chat, I'm always looking and sending it to my team, like, how about this? How about that. And, you know, that's where I spent, you know, a bit of time reading what people are up to. And like, Dana says, People are so helpful. Like I am. I'm interviewing a company called Market leap, who we're talking to about EU, UK expansion. They would they do all the all the stuff, like a distributor, sort of, and I've asked, you know, who's worked with them? And I'm about to have a conversation with somebody who's also talking to them? Because, like, there are a couple of red flags, I'm not sure. Like, maybe it's me, or maybe it's them, but like, and this is this group is really good talking about third party folks, so you don't get Yeah, you know, they might be great, and I'm just being overly cautious, or they might be bad, it's hard to say at this point. But yeah, yeah. I mean, all right, Dana, what should we be looking out for next 25 days?

Speaker  637642:40
You're asking me? No pressure, no pressure. You know, it's just kind of, it's a weird what was the word we use this year's been it's like, clanky. It's like, it's like, a weird year. It's like, it's just a weird year, right? So Amazon's always weird, right? So what you what worked five minutes ago doesn't work today. I mean, that's just Amazon general, but it's just been a, it's been a, it's been a weird year, just in terms of just what's impacted. So if you think about this, is just our experience this, this last, you know, 10 months, is that like, you know, Google, when you when you used Google, it used to, you know, you would type in something, and it would show you, first and foremost were to go buy that particular thing. It was on Amazon, right? And then Google AI, everybody is like, doing AI, and Google AI started interrupting that, and then just kind of stopped that. And so then you saw brands lose 25% in sales because they weren't getting that referral from Google, because Google was just free, and it just came in, and it just was part of that Amazon algorithm. And what happened? And so that's impacted people greatly. A lot of people don't realize it. And then, and then, I think Amazon, Google kind of duped it out. And now, when you go back to Google Now, all of a sudden, they turned it back on again. Don't know if that's just temporary for the holiday, but what's happening is AI is messing with a lot of stuff. So there used to be so much brand referral and brand awareness when you had a brand through search engines that you didn't even know that would just send stuff into Amazon, because Amazon was so big, all that's going away with AI. And so what's happening across the board is the number one thing every brand has to work on. And what we're shifting tremendously is brand recognition, right? And so, and you know, basically making sure that your brand is social media and everything else, like every single brand of ours has a social media campaign for Thursday, Thanksgiving, for Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. And it doesn't even have to be driving people to Amazon, because some people have Shopify sites or Tiktok sites. They don't want to say, drive to Amazon. A lot of them want to drive to their Shopify sites. It doesn't even matter. What matters is that they're posting brand information, that they're that in all the noise their brand is out there, because what's going to happen is, if they're posting about their brand, even if they have a Shopify link, it doesn't matter, because people will go look on Amazon by default, right? They may look at the Shopify site, but they're going to look at Amazon during that time period. And so if you have a brand, the biggest thing we're telling everybody is to post every day, those five days, be posting everywhere brand awareness, because it's really the opportunity to get new to brand customers, right? So if you look at the stats for July, August, July, October, and then Black Friday, Cyber Monday. The number one stat you should be looking at is who's new to brand, because if you're just selling to your same customers, you're not growing your brand. So because there's so many eyeballs on Amazon during those those three times a year, it should be all about new to brand, because that's when you get so much new to brand stuff that you know you can get people subscribe and Skype, get people talking about your product and grow your brand. So we're really finding that there really has to be these comprehensive strategies for how to drive brand awareness.

Speaker  698309:20
Dana, do you? Are you advising like, your brands or your clients like to optimize for, like, AI, like on platform right? Like with Rufus or, like, with Sparky, right? Like, I don't know. I feel like I keep trying to ask, like, our Amazon account manager, like, we have a Walmart manager, right? And I feel like nobody is giving anything of substance to say, like, is there anything different we should be doing to show up for, not yet for any of these?

Speaker  705872:00
There's not. There isn't. That's the what the problem is, you know, did you go to accelerate? Did you go to Amazon? So, I mean, I sat there pretty frustrated. I don't know how you were. I sat there really frustrated. They're like, Oh, you know, the next 10 years is AI. I'm like, Yeah, that's great. And then they they said, oh, all these new AI tools on their their platform. Well, with the exception of the quick, like, 15 second video making AI one, all their AI stuff is for, like, someone who, like, just decided they woke up that morning and was going to go sell something on Amazon, and needed to create a page and listing, right? Okay, so that would have worked 25 years ago when it started, but like their AI is like infantile, right? And so we're doing more ourselves by actually creating APIs and writing our own programs. And what's happening too now with Amazon is Amazon's dashboard is getting more extensive, obviously, right? So they're giving you more and more access to things, but Amazon is calculating things. What people don't realize is Amazon's calculating things in a way that you don't know how they're calculating it. So what we're finding is we've connected a bunch of API's and Amazon to actually just which they've allowed us to do, just pull the raw, raw data, and then we know what the formulas are, and then we can actually calculate lifetime value of a client, you know, Subscribe and Save all those other stuff, and it doesn't match with what Amazon shows on their platform. So what I would say is, is this AI thing has to be it's spooky when Amazon's trying to do to me, to me, the best part is to be able to download Amazon's raw data and put it through API's that are trusted API's that then can configure calculations that you know how the calculations are being configured To actually look at what your brands are actually doing, because what people would be really surprised about is they think their brand's great, and they think everybody knows their brand. But the reality is, is their brand's either not growing, or it's the brand awareness isn't there, the lifetime value the customer is not there. So that's kind of Yeah.

Speaker  741360:00
So I get this email, and some of you might get it. It's from, it's from Kevin King, billion dollar sellers, and his email today was about 85% of brand mentions in AI search comes from third party sources, not your own content. Correct? You know it is, it is, if you don't belong already, go belong to the email list and see it, they have some really interesting things. It talks about building your own brand content, but you have to be thinking about the chats, because it's now shopping platform. So whatever you're up to, like, I've been now. I'm now receiving emails from third party, people offering to put our like, kind of like a Google search into chat. I'm like, I'm not ready to spend money and do that yet, but it is interesting that people are out there already trying to sell those services. I think it's important to pay attention

Speaker  754192:00
to it. We have. What we did is we updated all our popular blogs on our website to a to AEO friendly, you know. So used to be just SEO, that's a term now is the AEO is the answer engine optimization. There's a particular format, and we're doing our Shopify. Yes, you're right. Jennifer is from I can speak for myself. I didn't even know, until looking at our traffic come from Reddit, there are some, some traffics there and and the blog is we writing, and those are converting. We build a attribution links in every popular blocks to track it. The traffic converting. They are converting, but not substantially, you know, influence our in a big scale. What you know, that's why we are building up our blog and just, you know, to get more traffic.

Speaker  771968:00
So, so AEO, what does A mean?

Speaker  772800:00
Artificial AEO, you should be the SEO to get you on Google. People search your AEO means eight answer engine optimization that gets you into that little box when people searching the AI answer a potential can get you to if people using chat, GTP, searching at that is the same block, but a slightly different format, and that's we started doing it about two months ago. I will have more to share. You know,

Speaker  784095:59
given, yeah, but, but even without doing that, you're still going to be pulled by chat, GDP and Gemini, and all of them are still pulling, even if it's not formatted, what they're trying to do. And I'm it'll be interesting to see how you're how it works out with you is, you know that when you're on like Google or, you know, a search engine on your phone, or mostly people on the phone, the AI answer comes up first, and so we're before the products used to come up first, right? So they're trying to prioritize, which is, they haven't figured this out either yet, what comes up after the AI answers, because their answer does not list brands or platforms.

Speaker  795866:40
They we I see my personal searching. They take their answer, they tag a URL. So where that source coming from? I'm hoping I can get on there. But it isn't new. You know, everybody say you, if you do implement it, it takes six months to know. So we are just, we're doing that. Hopefully you know that. But currently we are our traffic converting on Amazon. So that's we just need to do more to be more, you know, impactful to my business.

Speaker  806533:20
What I heard the other day was that,

Speaker  806933:20
to do what I

Speaker  807205:20
heard the other day is that so tick tock right now is being used for, you know, if you're if you're breaking even, or you're growing on tick tock, you're doing really well, and that tick tock is basically being used as branding, and that what people don't trust, especially with all the shenanigans about who owns tick tock and where the information is going and everything else. People are then going and buying it on Amazon. So the Tiktok trends happen, and then people go buy it on Amazon, the product right, if it's available. But then the other thing is, is that in terms of brand and awareness for Tiktok, the other thing I heard a person who does a lot of Google advertising and meta advertising. They said that the Google advertising and the Google ads is just wasting like, no one's getting a return. It's just a waste of money. They're just, like, blowing money out. Like, it's just like, the Google is not, it's not as efficient as it used to be. It's not, you don't see the conversions, you don't see the benefit. But that meta is actually improving. So the meta stuff is actually getting someone who really knows how to do the meta stuff, and really just knows meta, and really could build campaigns around meta. But the problem is, is that so many people say they know how to do it, but they don't. But that if you can get someone who really knows how to build up the meta stuff, that the meta stuff is converting better now, and that Google's kind of dropped to the bottom.

Speaker  827738:40
Do you guys have a really good meta paid ads agency or someone that you guys refer to?

Speaker  830186:40
So the gentleman I talked to, he just vetted a whole bunch of them. I can go back and ask him which one he's using now, because he literally, he he used to own a meta agency, and then he got out of it, and he's, he's a VC now, but he was vetting a bunch of them because he needed one, and I couldn't find out who he's using. I

Speaker  834800:00
would love that if you could connect us. I'm looking for someone to do our paid ads right now. We have them internal, but I need to, I need to hire an agency for it. Yeah, and I really want someone who knows exactly what they're doing, because,

Speaker  838277:20
yeah, I

Speaker  838661:20
don't, yeah,

Speaker  838965:20
the Facebook, our MDS group, is also another source, at least,

Speaker  840261:20
yeah, yeah, yeah. Great idea. I will ask. I will ask. I'm not used to asking there yet, so I will get into the habit of asking those questions.

Speaker  842501:20
That's the first group. If first, first, you're

Speaker  843546:40
so right. Yeah, you're you're so right. I just need to build that muscle. So I will do that right now.

Speaker  845706:39
Also there, there seems to be a bit of a hack, and I keep forgetting about it. I noticed the guys, when they post a question, they make it like an ad where it's like a big color thing, and there's like, if you have a question, so people see it. Otherwise, it seems to be get it'll get missed. It's apparently a Facebook algorithm. I don't know, but do do get bold loud if you want your question answered? Okay?

Speaker  852800:00
Jennifer, I have a question. Is there time for me to ask a question?

Speaker  854085:20
Yeah, go for it. Alright.

Speaker  854629:20
So I start to, I never really check. Do the keyword index checking. So I'm starting, I got a helium 10. So how often should I check? That's one question, first question, second question. You know what? KPI Should we check? Dana mentioned about, you know, new to brand, or what the key areas we have to check?

Speaker  862122:40
Well, I Dana, I think you would answer this too. I think it depends on your brand, right? I can't even ask that my ops, my ops does that also checking BSR, like helium pin. I think it's, I think it's a great data source. And then again, everybody has their own favorite third party, whatever it is, right? Dana, what would be the things that you What are things that the top five things that you look at

Speaker  869312:00
for a brand? It goes back to what you said for a brand, revenue, roaz, lifetime, value of the customer, Subscribe and Save. I mean, number one is, is, is a conversion rate, is, click, is, is. I mean, well, if you're gonna talk about that, so, I mean, it depends on what you're looking at, right? Looking at, right, monthly, weekly, right? So it's impressions, click through, rate, conversion rate. I mean, that's, I mean, if you're not doing that, you're not selling anything. So, yeah, it just depends. I mean, you got to, kind of look at all the levers, right? You got to, you got to, kind of build your own KPI and dashboard for your brand that looks at things, weekly, daily, weekly, monthly, right? So you need to look at your KPIs. I mean, at the end of the day, is your P and L and cash flow. And if you're not, you know, downloading your P and L from Amazon and, you know, really formatting and really digging into it too. I mean, that's, that's a huge thing, right? People leave a lot of money on the table because they don't dig into their panel from Amazon. Day you got to make money, so you have to individualize and customize it to your brand. I

Speaker  888053:20
really like seller board as it. We have everything downloaded into that. So it's basically an ongoing panel. I can see daily sales, ad spend. It may it's not always accurate, because it's still downloading stuff. I can see, you know, I just found a little report that, like it gives me a valuation of my company, which is not true, but it's like their algorithm. I like it because I can see my ad costs. I can see money I'm getting. I can see, I can see so many things in one place, and that Excel metrics might be another one like it, but it just, it's pretty clean.

Speaker  896768:00
I use a seller board. Yeah, it's good system.

Speaker  898000:00
And I, you know, the forecasting is, you know, reasonably reasonable. What are other What are other people looking for? It's a great, it's a really great question. Casey, because every brand looks at something different. Lisa, what do you look at?

Speaker  900672:00
I think, I mean, Dana said it like, conversion rate. We're tracking that like, and very fanatical about it sessions as well, in addition to, like, you know, BSR ranking, but like, our rank within the ITK, so like, if I know historically, I said, you know, if I'm always around four, right? If I haven't checked it in a bit, if, like, I see something has slipped to like, six, what's going on? Are there new players is or something missed? Did Amazon put a flag on one of my products? And maybe I didn't know. So, kind of creating, kind of the historicals and having the benchmarks to know, like, where do I want to make sure we're tracking to, and when we deviate, like, we have like internal flags to kind of notify, to know where we need to focus further, either on Ad Spend or just on, you know, on platform optimizations, and then, of course, all the normal metrics, like the revenue and the profit too. But just for trying to diagnose some of the day to day and where to focus, we have a catalog of, like, you know, over 4000 Asin. So hard to know where to focus without, you know, having that guiding North Star.

Speaker  917696:00
Yeah. Really good information. Well, we're right at time. I can't thank you enough ladies for getting on the call. The more we have, the more more questions we have, the more we learn. This is all about peer to peer learning, right? We're all learning something new. We're all trying to make money and be in business, because Dana is right, if you're not making money, there's zero point to be here. You know, in business, if you're not making money, like, I don't I also, like, when I launched something like, I want to make money at the same time I have a hard time not making money. Like Tiktok has been a tough road for me, because we don't make any money yet. We're about to cross the threshold, although I don't truly believe it. So money. Jennifer, I

Speaker  927610:40
don't remember, are we doing a call in December, or do we say everyone's going to be too busy what we're going to do? We're going to do?

Speaker  928928:00
You know what? Let's look ladies, because it's she, it's my calendar. Let me just, let me just see. I

Speaker  930368:00
don't think I saw one. That's why I was asking.

Speaker  931104:00
It's on the 18th. Oh, it is okay. Do I have a conflict that day? So it mean, we could move. I have

Speaker  932800:00
a conflict on the 18th as well.

Speaker  933312:00
So maybe we'll move, why don't we move it to the 11th? We'll do it. We'll do it a week, so a month this time. So you guys all mind moving it to December 11? We

Speaker  936117:20
don't go ahead. Great.

Speaker  936693:20
Okay. Kat, are you still on with us? I see you're here. Kat, if you could move our call to the 11th, I would be really Bye, guys.

Speaker  938949:20
I gotta jump. I have another call. Thanks. Take care. See you soon. Bye, good luck,

Speaker  939802:40
everybody. Good luck everyone. Bye, bye, bye.
