7. Jacobo Hernandez_no Q&A
Date: September 25, 2025

Speaker  1328:00
Yeah, so we're gonna talk about scaling Airbnbs, and then from there, going into boutique hotels. We're gonna talk about syndications and private equity. So I was a former MDS member, and now back to run the real estate channel with June, built and sold an Amazon brand while I was still in college. It was actually wedding gifts. So gifts. So pretty funny. I hadn't even been to a wedding at that point, and I was selling Mr. And Mrs. Everything on Amazon. I built an Airbnb portfolio that got acquired, and then I JV Ed with a private equity company that was backed by the ex chairman of Hilton, author of the book short term rental secrets. I actually have few copies. I'm going to put them here on the table. Pennies, yes, outside like I'll sign them. Anybody that I'll put him here. All right, currently focusing on commercial, Airbnbs, aka boutique hotels, on fan Fun fact, I've traveled to over 40 countries. Got my sport sports pilot license. I'm no longer doing it because I got really scared, so I'm not doing a plan anymore, but I got the license. So what you'll learn why transition from Amazon to Airbnb and how it felt so familiar? Basically, use the same framework on Amazon to build the short term rental portfolios. I'll show you the four pillars of short term rental success, real life marketing hacks, how wish lists are just like add to carts, how the CTR is literally the same as Amazon. We'll talk about optimization and how I scale to hotel size deals using Airbnb strategies plus capital raising. And my current 59 room deal I'm under contract for and how I structured it with seller finance, so how I went from selling products to scaling properties using the same income playbook? So I sold my brand Chinese competitors started copying my best selling products. It wasn't something sustainable, constantly having to launch new products. We all know that margin compression for an app from chasing just the same old, same old. So sought assets with leverage, long term appreciation and tax benefits. So these are some of the properties. That's just one property in West Palm Beach, doing $346,000 88% occupancy. 325 out of 365, nights booked. That's one property, six bedroom house. I'll show you the deal in just a second. This one in Hollywood, actually, this was Pembroke Pines, our price for we bought this house for 600k and it was cash flowing. $256,000 at 94 point 26 occupancy. This one I'm still holding, because I sold all the other ones. But this one's doing now this year, it's 270 close to 90% occupancy. So you can see ADRs are really high. So how do we achieve this? I call it the four pillars of short term rental investing, which is the right market, the right marketing, or, sorry, the right market, then the right property for that market, then you need the right marketing, and finally, you need the right operation. So that's kind of the framework that I built. That's the one I talk in the book, and I kind of made the connection between Amazon as well. So the right market is just like picking the right product niche. The right property is selecting the winning product for that niche. The right marketing is listing optimization, PPC reviews. And then the right operation is obviously your systems, the execution and the software behind it. So the right market, which is niche finding, again, in real estate, it's all about the location. So if you find the right location, that's half the battle. So you verify demand. Obviously there's all the stuff that we all know, seasonality, STR, regulation, occupancy, saturation. You can use softwares like air DNA and rank breeze. I usually like combining both. I'll verify air DNA because sometimes the data on there is not accurate. So you can actually verify it with rank breeze. And what rank breeze allows you to do is check with the Chrome extension. It checks the Airbnb counter, and it will give you a metric between currently, what it's performing versus what air DNA say, so I like usually stacking both on top. Now, the right property for that market. This is where it gets interesting. Basically, it's finding the right product for that niche. And what does that mean? Well, on air DNA, you can see listing by rental size. And if you look here, one bedrooms in South Florida, is 50% of all the listings. But when you get to five bedroom plus, that's only 4% of all listings. And what we found was that when we evaluate the occupancy in the rev bar, the Rev bar for that six bedroom or five bedroom plus property was 2.5x more than when you could get for the one bedroom. So not only did you have less competition, you have so much more demand, and you could charge more. So the right property, targeted and overlooked, niche, large groups, six bedroom plus six bedroom plus for 16 guests, they were all waterfront. We chose lakefront instead of having them be ocean, just way cheaper. But people don't care. They just want the water views and then proximity to attractions 15 to 30 minutes from the beaches. We didn't have to be beach. Front and we're buying these properties for under a million here in South Florida. I call that the Airbnb blue ocean strategy. And if you guys haven't read this book, it's a great book. Now this is where anybody getting into Airbnbs, you need to understand that today's traveler, they want more than a place to sleep. It's all about the experiences. And post covid People are investing more on experiences than they are on things. And this trend is only shifting. So like, if you if you can, if, if you want to be successful with either hotels or Airbnbs, you need to tap into the experiential and the wellness boom. Because so these are some of the properties that we built. We had the music house. It was retro, 80 steam. We had a game room that where they had a curry, karaoke, they can they had a guitar. They could dress and had costumes as Elvis. We had the Italian villa, where each bedroom was a different Italian city, and we had the Tulum inspired home. We had hats and made it just fun. So what we would do is living room. We would convert into a cinema garage. We would convert into a game room, master closet. We would convert into a spa. Those are just some of our our projects that we did. We were doing one house a month when we were with the private equity fund, and we were just churning out these properties value add, remodeling them and turning them into these experiential resorts. Now the right marketing. So this is how to rank on Amazon or the on Airbnb. The Amazon way, there's four key metrics that you need to understand, and that's your click through rate, your conversion rate, Wish List additions and time on listing. If you master those four, you're going to be ranking on Airbnb. So how to win? To click garland went over this, but you only have four things that people see when they're searching on Airbnb. It's your main image, your title, your price, ratings and review main image being the most important one, it's your cover, right? And we all understand this as being Amazon sellers, but what we found that works is just having the best angle or adding logos for social proof. We Photoshop and edit as much as possible, so we'll check what our competitors are doing, and we'll try and stand out with color. So we'll do the whole Photoshop of the sunset colors and contrast sunset or night or night or nighttime shots. But what also works, and this is Travis's property, yeah. Why do you actually dress this up like name is that spot? So you want to stand out, you want to win the click. Now time on listing hack. What we usually do is we have QR codes on our secondary images, and they'll take them to a YouTube video. So while they scan that, they're still on your listing, and the more time people spend on your listing and boost your rank, obviously you get more bookings, but their secret weapon is Wish List additions. That's like add to cart. So back in the Amazon days, you could do 1000s of add to carts, and you would rank for now, you can do 1000s of Wish List additions, and Airbnb sees that as a signal of future booking intent, because not everybody on Airbnb is booking right away. So we use what we call our launch strategy. We'll have three to five influencers stay the first week. We have them book. We rebate them on the back end, we get reviews from them. We'll give them the exact review they need to post. Not only that, does that help us out, but we also have them search, find, buy the property. So they're looking for Fort Lauderdale, finding our property and booking them. And then we run a contest with their audience, telling them, go, contact the host, go to the listing, send them a connection, or send them a message, and that signals the algorithm, there's intent to book. That's the way they enter the contest. They need to send us a message and we add them into the raffle. So that's our launch strategy. And the result this is with rank breeze, so you can actually there's a tool just like helium 10, or you can track your rank. And this is rank re so you can actually see how your ranks performing.

Speaker  138565:20
The right operation is obviously automate, track SOPs, but one key thing is revenue management. And I compare this to like, PPC, you gotta be tweaking. So we'll set weekday discounts versus weekends far out in advance. What we'll do is like, if we're six months out, we only want people that are booking for like, a week or more in advance, so we'll have our calendar that we're not going to be showing on Airbnb more than six months out, if people are not looking for at least a week. What that allows us to do is we have less turnover, less management, less hassle. So we'll set out. We'll set up just different formulas, and I'm happy to share all my formulas so you can just integrate them into your price labs. But this is one of the key things, and not only this, it's the occupancy variance. So on top of that, we have a revenue manager every week, and what he's gonna do is we're tracking the different date ranges, 714, 3060, and 90 days out, and we have a our booked percentage and our book goal. Now, a lot of people, they're on these groups, saying, Oh, I'm on 100% occupancy for the whole year. That's not good. You're leaving money on the table by being 100% occupied. So you want to set book goals for your market, and if you're over or under booked that if there's a variance, you need to be increasing or decreasing prices. So we'll manually go and override price labs based based off if we're leaving money on the table. Or if we're, if we're under booked or overbooked, we also don't want to be seven days out. We want to be at 100% but there's no reason 14 days out why we should be over 90. So we'll actually override the price if we're so that we can make more money in the end. So kind of just see that how we do it manually through Google Sheets, and we'll override price labs obviously track. We have this dashboard every week, the score card part of the Eos. Just track your metrics. Look at it, look at everything weekly. Track your different occupancy, track your ranking, track your your issues. In this way, I just have a VA doing this and sending me a email report every week with the metrics, and I can easily see how my properties are performing without the need of any involvement. I literally don't put more than 30 minutes of work into reviewing the properties a week, and we were managing a ton of them. So moving into why commercial? How do you go about the bot? So why commercial Airbnbs and why we made the shift? So our investment these and what we're doing now is we're buying motels and prime tourist destination areas to convert into boutique hotels. Same principle, design heavy, unique experiences, use the same digital marketing strategies and implement self check in automation and lean to management. So it's kind of like the hybrid between hotels and Airbnbs. They meet in the middle. We're using the same efficiencies as the Airbnbs, but we're getting the scale of commercial real estate. So basically it's Airbnb on steroids. There's no short term rental regulations. That's actually driving back demand. We're seeing it across the board. Barcelona, I think, is complete, is prohibiting all short term rentals, tons of different states, New York, California, they're banning short term rentals, and that's bringing demand back to the hotels. Since it's commercial real estate, it's valued like a business, so just like an Amazon business, it's valued on a multiple. If you improve the noi, you immediately force appreciation, so you're not waiting on the market to appreciate. You have full control. A hotel in the same zip code can sell for 10 million and the other one can sell for 500k whereas houses, you need to wait for the appreciation of all the houses so that you get that money out. Quicker cash out that thanks money in the US, yeah. So you can do a quicker cash out two to three years, recoup all of your initial investment back. You have the economies of scale. The costs are spread out over a big asset. Instead of managing 10 houses, all with different pools, all with different maintenance issues, all with different light bulbs, you have one single asset that's cash flowing way more than all these other houses together. So there's more profitability as well, because you can have different revenue sources. You have FMB, you have wedding you have corporate events at this new property. I was talking to Travis. We were going to put Tesla superchargers on them. Get some extra revenue, rent bikes, rent kayaks. So it becomes a business. There's way more revenue sources. And again, same strategies as the Airbnb. So we call this the burr for hotels. Anybody familiar with the term, it's buy, rehab, rent, refinance and repeat. And the strategy is simple. You buy the asset. Let's say it's right now it's doing $100,000 and the market cap rates 10% well, that assets worth a million. You buy that asset, renovate it, optimize the operations. And now let's say you bring the NOI to 350k Well, now the future value of that asset, once you go to a new lender, they're going to value the property at 3.5 million, or you can sell. So current deal, example, can we perfect under contract on a hidden gem? 59 rooms, 20,000 square feet, 9.7 acres of wooded land. We're transforming this forgotten property into the most unique boutique, experiential wellness resort to Eureka Springs, known as the little Switzerland of America. This mountain town is tucked deep in the Ozark Mountains, winding streets, Torian homes. There's tons of little Boston restaurants. Eureka sits at the crossroads of four major states, Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Kansas. Even Dallas is just a few hours out. That's over 4 million people within a few hours drive. What makes this place really special? World Class mountain biking, zip lining over the forest, crystal clear lakes for kayaking, wake surfing, underground cavern tours, etvs and buggies, even a drive through Safari. So fun fact, Alice Walton, the daughter the founders of Walmart, invested 40 million into Eureka Springs. This area is being developed thoughtfully and backed by billionaires. Now let's talk about the deal. It's over 20,000 square feet divided across four buildings. Sits on 9.7 acres of wooded land, and we're buying it for just a fraction of what it would cost to build today. Here's the vision. We're turning this into one of the most unique experiential wellness. Sorts in the country. It's just a simple pool, not much. But the opportunity here is huge. A forest spa with an infrared sauna hidden among the trees and yoga decks floating in the forest. Kat, we would enable some trails. You're coming in light strings everywhere. You have all the little trails, and out of nowhere, you're gonna find different clamping nets on the trees, swings and a massive outdoor movie screen going from one tree to the next, pick a ball courts for guests to break a sweat, a mini golf barbecue lounges and fire pits for friends and family. And the zoning allows for pretty much anything we want. So the possibilities for this are endless. We can have other revenue sources now we got this property with the seller finance note. The seller finance note is less than what you would pay for rent for a one bedroom apartment in Miami. Wellness and adventure travel are booming the $1.3 trillion industry and expected to grow to over 8 trillion by 2027 but we've got the deal. Got the land. We've got the plan. We're building a destination. So that deal, the craziest part is that you you would buy this. It's like the same price of a single family home. So we're paying $1.2 million and for 20,000 square feet, at 250 a square foot, it would cost $5 million to build that from scratch today, not even accounting land value. So we're buying it at 24% of replacement cost. And that's because, again, these assets are valued based on the income, so you're able to come in and buy them below replacement costs if they're not being operated. Well, we got it for 60% seller finance, which means we only need to bring $400,000 of cash to close, and at 6.25% we're only paying 3750 a month because it's interest only payments. It's not amortizing on a five year balloon. So at five years, the asset's going to be stabilized. We can cash out refi or sell the property, and we're projecting a 6.2 million stabilized value doing over $680,000

Speaker  270650:40
in net operating income. So currently it's doing $365,000 of revenue. There's no marketing, poor branding. It's managed by these boomers. They have they don't know how to manage a hospitality asset, and we, we're targeting bringing this to 1.7 million in revenue once we're done and the asset stabilized. So that's just to show you that you can think bigger, and through the power of syndications, you don't need to be doing this by yourself. So I learned that the hard way, started with the houses, and at some point, it gets to a point where it's just like you're you're not you're not growing fast enough, and you're doing all this work. So what is this indication there's actually you could either do a 506 C or a 506 B, if you want to market and do social media that videos for social media. I can't post it until the syndication documents are not ready, but once I have the documents ready and the SEC exemption, then I can go and market that through email marketing. I can do social media, and I can raise as much capital as I need from accredited investors. If you want to raise from non accredited investors, you can do a, 506, B, but you can't go market out on social media. So depending on what you want to do, there's different structures. Different structures. And how it works is, there's a general partner and a limited partner. The general partners are the ones doing all the work, managing the asset, and the limited partners, they just contribute capital and they get equity, plus the returns. And how it works is, there's going to be an SPV that gets incorporated, that holds the asset as the deal sponsor. You have the management company, and then the LPS come in as owners into the deal, and you have a different distributions or waterfall structures that you set up with the investors. So just again, I want to leave you with this reflection. It takes just as much time and energy to do something small than it does to do something bigger. And I read this book by this is the CEO of Blackstone, and it's called what it takes, incredible book. And this guy, his first time raising capital, went to raise a billion. He was the first fund to to cross a billion dollars. And he talks about this a lot, and most of it is just mindset. So if you've already done a few Airbnbs, or you you just, you can honestly go and do bigger stuff. Here I have value ads. There's the boutique hotel model, the book launch tracker. I'm collecting emails. You'll see stuff about the deal. And so anyways, we can read, huh? Well, you don't, you'll see, you'll see stuff about the deal. So what else? Connect, my Instagram, email, I.
