5. Prue Millsap
Date: June 06, 2025

Speaker  1392:00
Okay, I'm going to talk about product launches, because I couldn't figure out what else to talk about. I joined MDS in 2019 I put this ridiculous photo of myself because they had some like, weird one of me looking like I was a mountain climber or something. Last year, we did 33 million. This year, I actually think our run rate is like 46 million right now, I had to, like, look at how many people we had on our team. 24 on the team, 11 overseas, 13 in the US. Most of the 13 in the US are all like operations, like warehouse, because we have our own warehouse. My background is completely disrelated to anything about the business that I'm in now. Started selling on Amazon in January, 2014 with a newborn and a toddler, and I quit my full time job in order to start doing it. And I just, I guess I just never thought there was any other option, but then to make it go so, okay, okay. So first of all, I was thinking about, like launching products. And I feel like a lot of people just launch products without doing all the diligence that they should be doing, because ultimately, it all comes down to having a good product that has a total addressable market that is large enough that it makes sense to even do all the work to launch a product. So things that we ask ourselves, or I should say, I look at a lot of this data, and some of my team, what's the total addressable market for this product? And we specifically look at competitors who are like in our price point range, rather than like 1099 products. And if Amazon was the only channel we sold on, would it make sense to launch this product? Because it's great to think like, oh, this is going to crush it with Facebook ads, but we have no idea. And what percentage of market share would we need to take from WHO? In order to get to X dollars, whatever your revenue goal is, I want to get to, like, 100 grand a month per product in order for it to be a sustainable product launch, and then how are we going to take that percentage of market share from those competitors? What gap do we fill that they're not addressing? Wow, you can't even see this. Okay, great. We want to know. We want to now look at what we can do that our competitors are not doing what people like dislike about the competitors. We use product opportunity explorer and look at customer review insights on different competitors, and I use chat GPT with a prompt to check out the market in general, not just on Amazon, but Sephora and whatever. Because I'm in beauty, I give it specific competitors depending on the product, and I have it do an analysis from product reviews online to give me the pros and cons of each of my top competitors and identify a gap that I can fill based on their analysis. And then I get busy with, how do I fill that gap. So this is just, this was an example of a analysis I had chat GPT do where I basically it gave me all the common praises, common complaints and identified market gaps, and then it gave me suggestions based on that. Okay, so once, obviously, like every product, development is different. In my niche, I spend a lot of time developing a product that has to go through testing, regulatory stuff. You guys, a lot of you guys don't have that. But when our product is ready to go or is en route, we create an FBM listing for our product, but a trial size, so it's a different Asin and a different EPC, although we don't actually manufacture a trial size product, if it's a eight ounce cup, we just make a listing for a four ounce cup and call it a Trial size but we ship the eight ounce cup, and we start moving units on this listing at a low price. That's like a no brainer. So like, five bucks, 10 bucks, something like that. And we, we do rebates, or we, we send friends and family like whoever right to buy this five or $10 trial size product. They're going to get a full one, and we basically just write a handwritten note like, hey, sorry, we're out of the trial sizes. Here's a full size instead, which makes them even happier when they get it. Okay, so we plan. At this time, we plan what keywords this listing. We don't have to do all the fancy work on. We normally put up one image. It doesn't matter, because we're driving all the traffic that this FBM listing is ever going to get. All this listing is for us collecting reviews, and I hope I talk about it later and during while we're collecting reviews on this one, because maybe our inventory is still in route to Amazon. So we've got, you know, four to eight weeks here we're planning what keywords we want to go after. So we do this using all the tools that you know. We pull, we pull all the keywords that we're going to go after into phases of launch based on root keywords. So a face wash could be called a face wash, a facial cleanser, a face cleanser, whatever Gel Cleanser. There's a million ways it could be called for a lot of our products. So we break those all out with highly converting keywords. And then for each phase, we actually change our title for each phase to have those root keywords in it. And then we do the search find buys like we plan out how many search find buys we need per keyword based on, like looking at the competitors, what their conversion rates are, how many units they're moving, et cetera. And we go pretty aggressive on most of our launches. And we take about a week on each phase. Pretty much within a week, we can get ranked top one or two for every keyword, doing it this way, and then we move on to the next phase. And we do this for about six to eight weeks, and then we go into maintenance mode. I'll talk about that. Okay, so what tools are we using for this? We're using Celico, Instagram, and this is a new one. We're just starting to use AZ rink. We just met these guys, Instagram. We actually created for years, we've been building our own pool of micro influencers because, um, our main brand page on Instagram has like 100 and something 1000 followers, and so we get a ton of micro influencers reaching out to us every day. Can we do a collab like and we're like, no, your account is junk or whatever. But we can use those people for search, find, buy and make them buy it on Amazon. We'll rebate them, and we ask them to post it on Instagram in exchange. That's the exchange for getting the free product. And then once they post on Instagram, they always tag us, because they think they're an influencer now, right? So we then ask them to take that photo that they posted or video and and put it on Instagram, I mean, on Amazon. And when you leave a photo or video on Amazon, it makes you write a review. So essentially, we're asking for review, but we never ask for a review. We ask for a post on Amazon. And again, they think they're an influencer. So they're like, Yeah, I'm gonna be an Amazon influencer now. So that's how we do that. And we have quite a few people in this group, and our review percentage is very high because, again, the reciprocity of like, we've given them a free product, they're trying to get free products from us long term. So they're gonna do what we want, and then AZ rank, they do standard search, find buy, slightly more expensive than what we used to pay sell a co anyway, but sell a co just stopped doing search find buy. So I have them actually building a tool that, instead of search, find, buy, it's sending the person to a Tiktok video. And the Tiktok video can be whatever Tiktok video you want. It could be you being like, Hey, this is my new Illy cup. It does all these things, and buy it on Amazon. Just search Illy cup and or whatever you want, whatever keyword you want them to search, because they're going to search whatever you call that thing, and they could do long tail variations of it. They could slightly change it. But that's actually good. So that's where we're having them build. So we it's essentially search, find, buy, but in a roundabout fashion, and it doubles benefits you, because you're going to get all those views on your and you can even have them interact with your Tiktok video, and you can run ads to the video, whatever. Okay, so timing matters on launch. Does this product have a high season? We always check to see if the product we're launching has any sort of seasonality to it. We don't like to launch a mid high season, because it's going to cost you more units to give away, you have to be a lot more aggressive on your launch than you do if you do it in off season, so it'll be much harder and much more expensive. I'm cheap. I don't like to spend that money. So we like to start a launch like nine. To 12 weeks prior to the high season

Speaker  161311:59
to get all the keywords ranked so that as soon as high season starts like this, this product is a gifting product. So it high season is end of November through the end of December, for example. So we started the launch in the end of August. It gave us time to get ranked. You can see what happened here. And then we we went from zero to 350k a month on this this one listing in three months. So this is a very successful launch, but it was all about timing. We were at the top of our game, and because you're like, how do you stay ranked? Right? Is always the next question. You stay ranked because now you're at the top, you have reviews from your FBM listing, you have organic traffic coming to your listing, and ad traffic, and yeah, oh yeah. So there you go. Additional sources of traffic, Tiktok affiliates. So we're launching a product right now on Amazon, or we're about to start launching it. It's currently got an FBM listing that's collecting reviews. We've also seeded a bunch of Tiktok affiliates, Instagram affiliates with the product that they're now talking about it on social so that we can get organic traffic. It's no giveaways, it's no discount, even it's just regular, organic outside traffic, which Amazon also loves, and it also, again, helps you stay ranked if you have this, this type of traffic timed to come deeper into your launch. So you can tell the affiliate or influencer like, Hey, we're launching it on Amazon at this date. We'll send it to you now so you can start making content or whatever. And then, oh, did I do how much money they generate on Amazon? Do you give them a coupon code? No, I don't care. Just send them a free product to

Speaker  194815:59
make. Oh, just a free product. Yeah,

Speaker  195615:59
no, yeah, they can. They can run the traffic to Tiktok shop. I don't care. They can put an affiliate link to Tiktok shop. Half of the sales or more are going to come to Amazon anyway. We charge more for our products on Tiktok shop than we do on Amazon too. But the spillover from Tiktok, even if you have price matching, is insane. And then once the launches are done, like through their all their phases of launch, we go into maintenance mode. So we believe like, launches are never really, really fully done. Like on all of our best sellers, they're always in maintenance mode. We're always collecting reviews on them. We're always watching the rankings and making sure like, because in the past, when it was just me for way too many years doing Amazon, I had so many things to do that I wouldn't even notice when we would lose keyword ranking. And then by the time I would notice, I'm like shit. This used to sell so good. Why isn't it selling so good anymore? And to revive it is so much harder than to just do maintenance. So through that same Instagram micro influencer strategy, whatever we always are doing maintenance on our best sellers. It doesn't mean that we don't drop a half a star. Sometimes we do, and then we like are mad crazy, trying to but we catch it, we try and stay on top of it. And if something happens, maybe we had a bad batch of something or whatever, because it does happen, we then, like we're running to catch it up. Takeaways. Plan Your launches, schedule your launch, launches with correct timing for peak season, use multiple sources of traffic for your launches. Always do maintenance and can think of another one. Okay, bonus value add so Dimitri. This is something Dimitri actually taught us. Basically Amazon is appears to be favoring shorter titles right now. So we tested this on a bunch of our better selling products that had a good amount of volume that we thought they would be adequate tests to prove a point or not. I think we did four products. If my guy ever watches this, he'll probably correct me. But so we how do we come up with what those 90 characters, or as close to 90 characters, are? We go and you can use jungle ace or whatever tool to see where your process. That converts the most on what keywords does your product convert the most? Not the most traffic keywords, but conversions. So you just sort the keywords by conversions. You find your top converting keywords and those are your top priority. You write a title as close to 90 characters as possible. Dimitri told me, like, it's fine if you go to like, a little bit over but keep it as short as you can, as close to 90 that contain the keywords in order of importance, and don't repeat any word more than twice. Make the title live and then log it in your change log. We keep a change log of every change that we make in Amazon with convert click through rate and conversion rate before the change and a week later. And then that way we can revert if we need. And then, yeah, make sure when you do this title change that you're also not doing any other changes, so you get true data. So this, these are some examples. This is one product. This was our boar brush, where so our click through rate was point two, six, and it went to point four, seven. So almost doubled just our click through, and then you can see the sales went from 4.3 1000 to 6.2 1000 for that week. So we were very low stock on this product, and we were like, freaking out, like this listing was not where it should have been based on, like, how much inventory we had probably too, but we did it. So we did we kept all this data on four products, and every single one of them had stats very similar to this, where it was like a fairly significant difference just based on a shorter title, only

Speaker  271258:40
drop on any of the keywords that you wrote from the title.

Speaker  272778:39
I I don't know. Actually, I didn't look at that personally, so I'm not positive, but I would assume not if the sales are going up. And ultimately, maybe I don't care if the sales are going up. So, and this is not like pre Easter Bucha or something. So this is April 1 through seventh. There was no deals during these times that we ran these tests. Yeah.

Speaker  280485:20
So the theory is that Amazon is giving more visible to shorter titles.

Speaker  281893:19
Yeah. It's basically like your truncated title, like you want to have, obviously, like keywords and like, if you have any like crazy USPS, you want to have those all in your truncated little title that you'll see on like mobile or whatever. So, yeah. Anyways, Dimitri had done this and had really good results on it. And so he was like, you should try this. So we, just before we implemented it widely, we wanted to just test it on like, four listings. So anyways, now we're changing them all.

Speaker  291664:00
Yeah. Are you planning to, like, change it, change from the best selling products?

Speaker  294016:00
Yeah. So a lot of these were my better best selling products, not my number one best seller, but like the ones right below that. The second

Speaker  296005:20
part of question is going to be, are your titles very readable, or is it mostly like

Speaker  298773:20
keyword based we did that. It's pretty readable. It tells you, like, either an outcome of the product or who the product's for, depending on the product and what it does.

Speaker  302026:39
So only one top selling keyword in that Python and the rest is about the US.

Speaker  304234:40
No, no, no, I'm gonna have at least five or six keyword phrases in there, but I don't repeat so say it's like hairspray for women is like the top converting keyword for example, that's gonna be the very beginning of my title, and then maybe texturizing. Spray a second, or texturizing spray for men, or volumizing spray for men, or something like that. So I'm going to put that, but I'm going to kind of make it read in a way that it's like, I'm not going to repeat hairspray more than two times anywhere in the title, yeah?

Speaker  316906:40
Because Alex, Alex is telling me, like, make it readable.

Speaker  317978:40
Yeah. I mean, ideally, that's the that's the ideal case scenario. But it. If I have like, five really good keywords that I'm converting really well on, you'll see, like, in most cases, there's one keyword that's a massive outlier, or maybe two. So I'd build at least those two in and then have USPS in there experimentally, like two

Speaker  325104:00
part time, which may be able to make a shorter time and longer. Yeah?

Speaker  326645:20
So we build everything else into, like the bullets, or I'm just bringing

Speaker  327973:20
something recently,

Speaker  328933:20
we'll just test it, and it's very

Speaker  329637:20
because with our best seller, I don't want to touch the title too much, yeah, making 200 characters

Speaker  331786:40
Yeah, I did that. Yeah. I mean, that's what I did, but test it on, not your best seller, best seller, but some test it for a week, see what happens. And if it sucks, revert it, and if it's great, then you're making extra money. Didn't Amazon

Speaker  335338:40
already do that? Like they did that for half of our catalog, some

Speaker  336416:00
categories, I think that they forced,

Speaker  338016:00
well, it doesn't even that need to use, like, two words

Speaker  339712:00
anymore. It's allowing me, but this, I decided to proactively do it too, because I know that that's coming, where they're just, if you don't abide by the rules, they're just gonna shove it down your throat. So may as well make it what you want it to be. I think my longest title of the ones that I changed was like 105 characters, something like that. But

Speaker  346485:20
how many would I give away, dude, I give away so much fucking shit on Tiktok. I give away like a couple 100 units

Speaker  350746:40
a month. Yeah, yeah, it's not that. Jason, you over there.

Speaker  355200:00
First question, I think, kind of already answered it, but just in case, so when you're chopping off like 100 characters from your title,

Speaker  357728:00
just chop it off. Chop it up. Chop it off. Yeah, I'm already indexed for these keywords. I'm not doing this on net new listings. I'm doing this on listings I've had for years, at least that's what I tested on. So I'm, I'm like, I'm indexed for every possible keyword you can imagine, because I've got 1000s of reviews and whatever, right? So it's like, I'm not worried about un indexing, yeah. And then,

Speaker  365274:40
as a matter of process, like, we get a lot of mountains for Yeah, product for the bachelorette party,

Speaker  367466:40
yeah, oh, that's the most recent one. We get so many of those every week. It's crazy. Through email, through Instagram. Yeah,

Speaker  370031:59
so like, do you just like, ask for their contact info, and then you contact them when you need something.

Speaker  371600:00
I send them to my other Instagram account. So I have a my main Instagram account is Beauty by Earth. My secondary Instagram account where I do this all through, is Beauty by Earth partners. So it looks very legit. People do come and ask us on our main page, is this page legit? And we say, Yeah, we work with them to, you know, I don't know what we call it, like, give out product testers and stuff like that. And then through that page, we say, hey, go over to that page. That page will give you whatever we're promoting that month, or whatever three things we're promoting that month. We'll send you one. And then

Speaker  383738:40
you just, like, whenever you're ready, just reach out to a few people following

Speaker  385088:00
no so we post like a post and a story, and we have many chat funnels set up. Got it So, comment blah, and then it takes them to a many chat funnel. That's how all the influencers do it these days. Yeah, yep, comment recipe, and I'll send you the recipe. It's like people are very accustomed to doing that, yeah, and then in that thing takes them to, like, a form that they fill out and and someone creates a shipment.

Speaker  393701:20
You
