Guido Reyes_1
Date: September 22, 2025

Speaker  00:00
Hey. All right, thanks guys. Welcome to my TED Talk. Appreciate you guys sticking around for the last of the MDS only sections. Hopefully I'm going to try to deliver it, because we have some crushers in the room. So you've heard a lot of talk about omnichannel traffic, the Tiktok halo effect, but Eugene really wanted me to present on Amazon native concepts, and so hopefully I'm going to add some value. I know sqp, Fair enough. Fair enough. But yeah, sqp is the thing that we probably all heard a lot about. And Mo gave me the vote of confidence, saying we've heard sqp 1000 times already. So what are you going to talk about? But yeah, hopefully it's going to be some value for you. So just by a show of hands, just by a show of hands, how many of you guys are focused on omnichannel, off Amazon? Okay, okay, a decent amount of you, good. And then how many of you guys are wondering if your attribution is telling you the whole story is anybody using anything like North beam, triple whale in the room? Okay, a few of you. Few of you. Okay, cool. So it's a huge problem, right? If you're driving a lot of traffic, omnichannel scaling on these different platforms, like, there's a lot of different attribution models, last click, first touch, view through, you know, there's a lot of signal to noise ratio. But what I'm gonna try to do is distill how you can look at it on Amazon and really kind of break down the, you know, cross platform behavior and optimize your Amazon presence, right? So the framework I'm gonna offer is, like the sqp solution. I've been using sort of data rover to segment these search terms. And I think that, like buyer intent is a new thing. That's why we have like, you know, Cosmos and Rufus, and it's sort of moving away from like search terms to search intent, and this is a framework that I'm using to sort of connect the dots between all the channels. So a little about me. I'm Guido in Italy, but back home, I'm Guido. I might just go back as as Guido, after this been a member since last year. This year, we'll probably do north of 50 million across all the platforms. Super excited to give back and speak to you guys. And then fun fact about me is I used to mine Bitcoin and Ethereum. A lot of you guys know I'm an eth Maxi, and I'm super passionate about public goods, which is taking care of the planet, our infrastructure, clean air, clean water through regenerative crypto economics. So this is going to be the sqp overview and dashboard. A lot of you guys are already familiar with this dashboard, obviously, but basically, this is sqp. You can segment it by brand and asin view, and then you can slice up the data by times, month, weekly. I like looking at this monthly. Looking at it on a shorter time frame doesn't really allow you to pivot as much, but I like to just come back month to month and take it from there. So just sort of a quick recap of it. You know, it's the Asin and brand level results, monthly and weekly segmentation. And what I'm looking for here is just search term awareness. You'll see the search terms change month to month depending on your velocity, depending on your off Amazon traffic. So it's good to just sort of see the outliers and see where you need to shift your focus. So this is a new dashboard that rolled out maybe in the last six months. I forget exactly when, but it's the customer journey analytics. And what it's basically doing is just sort of breaking down the path of your customer. It's segmented into four sections, the awareness, consideration, intent and purchase sections. And what I really like about this is you can sort of see the whole journey, right. Like, how are people finding you, right? Is it through branded search? Is it through your search terms? Where's the drop off? Where are customers like losing you, so to speak, right? One cool thing that was actionable from here for us is that half of the people dropped off in branded search, right where 70% of the people dropped off in PDP search. So the big takeaway for me here is that we needed to redesign our store. How many of you guys just set up your store and didn't really optimize it or haven't thought about it since, by show of hands, yeah. So us too, we're more focused on the PDP page, but just doing like simple, reductive math, you can see that like, you know, if almost half the people are going to add to car and proceed further down the journey with a branded search, they needed to just make sure that your store is optimized. And then there's a lot of new sort. Like ad segments that you can run like video to your store page. So you just want to make sure that your store landing page is optimized. Another new thing is this loyalty analytics, where it's segmenting your customers. One cool thing that we saw after a lot of like top of funnel off Amazon traffic was that the largest segment is promising customers, right? Customers who have purchased recently or buy occasionally, but also have a higher AOV than your average Amazon native shopper. So this really kind of like lets us see month to month. You know, how our efforts off Amazon are doing, and how we can sort of try to optimize on platform. So just to recap, right like largest segment we saw was promising new customers, a high AOV purchase recently, spending more than your average Amazon customer. And I think the big takeaway is, we're doing really well on Tiktok. You've all heard of the halo effect by this point, throughout the day, but this is how I'm quantifying the impact on Amazon. Is really just being able to see, like the customer segmentation, and, you know, the top of funnel impact that we're that it's having. So another thing I like to do in the loyalty analytics dashboard is create a promotion, right? Has anybody seen this? Anybody using this? Okay, a few of you. So I'm segmenting this when we're running a lot of high volume traffic to the potential new customers, right? So I'll create a promotion for them, and there's four different segments, but I'm focused on new customer acquisition here. But you should probably be using all of these, right, but for the purpose of what we're trying to do and build awareness with this, you know customer that we see that has a higher AOE than your average Amazon native customer, I'm focused on new customer acquisition so you probably have, like, Hero products that drive most of your revenue, like most of us in the room, you know, it's sub five products that are doing the best. So I like to segment it by those specific products that we're running ads to off platform. And it changes based on seasonality. But you know, if your entire catalog crushes it, run it to all the products. If you know you're focused on a handful of products, run it to those. But that's how I'm segmenting this to specific products. And then we're going with the high potential new customer here. You should probably be running all of these, because obviously cart abandoners, you know, already showed the intent. But you know, for the purpose of external traffic, we're focusing on the potential, high value new customers. And so yeah, just to recap our goal, new customer acquisition, audience, high potential new customers, and we have almost 100,000 people that we're going to be able to send this discount to and hopefully convert them. Yeah, and then, quick recap, we're optimizing for new customer acquisition. We're sending a 20% discount to these customers. You could probably do a little higher based on, you know, whatever you think is acceptable for your margins, but I think 20% is a good place to start, and we're segmenting to hero products, and then perhaps, you know, making a bigger discount or a lower discount depending on different things, right, like Tiktok, virality, how hard we're hitting meta. Do we have any QVC airings coming up? You know, those are factors that play into, like, how aggressive we're going to be at the discount. Another cool thing I like in this segment is the trends, right? There's a lot of different things that you can set here, but just looking at our data, you can see that we do have some seasonality to our products. So you can see us coming out of the end of our perceived peak period. You see a spike come back up for the Prime Day, and then we sort of like taper and level off. But there's a lot of different data points in here. I would definitely recommend checking this out. How many of you guys have used this or seen this? Okay, a few of you. Yeah, just to recap, right, we're segmenting by customers. We're taking action to target customers, and we're gonna run promotion to capture this top of funnel traffic and really kind of convert the customer on Amazon. So now's an example of how this helped us find, you know, revenue that we were missing and launch a new bundle. So Tiktok is very heavily weighted towards like bundles and creating this higher AOV.

Speaker  158186:40
And at the peak of our Tiktok ascent, we saw that, you know, a lot of customers were searching for. Our product with a brush, basically. And this isn't something that we offered on Amazon or really focused on, you know, on our website, it was a focus for Tiktok. But, you know, it's pretty clear with, you know, 3 million search funnel impressions for our product with a brush. We needed to have a brush. And so, yeah, I launched this in the peak of our Tiktok ascent, with no PPC. You know, this is when we still thought vine was working. And so the plan was to launch each one, merge them together later, or whatever, but without me doing anything, without any PPC, these sold out in three weeks. So yeah, recapping it. Customers are searching for the brush and the bundle. We didn't have it, so we added it. You should be looking at your sqp data to see if there's any sort of outliers or things that you can do to optimize your catalog. Just adding this bundle on Amazon is probably like one to $2 million of revenue. So definitely need to be looking at this, and, you know, making sure you're optimizing for it, and you will see some spillover between your hero products, right? We have two hero products, like a bronzer and a CC cream. We started to see a trend where you could see that both products needed to have a bundle, where we're only thinking of it primarily for one of those products. Another thing that I do is I've been segmenting this data in data rover. What I like to do is I will take the monthly sqp report, segment it out you could do branded or non branded. I think the goal here is to spend to your non branded and reduce spend for brand, but you could just dump it all in there together. But I recommend that you segment it and then in data rover, you can create what's known as a project, if you are, you know, have a parent, child variation. You could track all variations. I think, like a lot of people and Ivan pointed this out earlier, most of us are driving PPC to the hero child in a parent child variation, but you could track all of them. And I will add in the 100 search terms. There's about 100 every month that you can throw in here. Add in the asin, the hero child, or the whole variation, if you'd like. And then from there, you can kind of see a lot more data. The things that I really liking here are conversion distribution. You can see how weighted your performance is to branded, non branded. A big takeaway here is like a like a competitor. You know, 5% of our keyword distribution is on them, right? Another cool thing that you can see here is it's not that slide. That slide the conversion rate, right? So we can see that we convert at a 26% clip on Sally Hansen airbrushed legs, which is higher than even, you know, some of our own branded terms. So this is a clear indicator that I could spend more to this steal a lot of sales from a competitor. Really good data that is highly actionable, and that's it.

Speaker  216645:20
Okay, sprung up by up back. Here we go. Hey, John.

Speaker  218821:20
I was just wondering if the audience campaigns you were talking about has changed recently, because my understanding is it doesn't actually email or notify them of anything. It's just an on page coupon that shows up to that demographic. And I always thought like, if they're coming back to the page, anyhow, why am I going to spend a coupon? Because they obviously came back to get to the page, and it's not actually an email. So I don't know if that changed.

Speaker  225392:00
That's a good question. I actually don't know the answer to that, but I'm gonna have

Speaker  226400:00
to let anybody here know the answer to that. I have a question related well, but you have an answer. Fabio first knows the answer. It's got the answer. Hold on, answer. Fabio on the

Speaker  229024:00
left. So you're correct when you set up this kind of promotions, customers, they don't receive any emails and add the same thought as you like. If they come back to the product detail page, they're ready to buy. But there's one caveat, they see like a little banner on the search results. So if they search for that keyword again, they will see the promotion even without going into the PP as the ones you.
