Mogul Call with Andrei Ureche and Alex Chiru
Date: October 08, 2025

Speaker  731:44
I usually do it in the moment, so we'll just never mention he was supposed to be on his call. So but hopefully lots of you guys can contribute as well. So let's go. Let's start with sens. So we're going to do about 20 minutes max per listing. Some people did submit more than one. So we could look at more than one. If we if we have time, you got to unshare. But I'm looking at the MDS database.

Speaker  8773:20
I'm sharing Warri 10 is sharing something,

Speaker  9445:20
no, but then we're just sharing our next page. Okay, so let's get

Speaker  11722:40
Etienne listing in the chat so everyone can have a look. And do you selling? Do you sell in America? Etienne? Oh, yes, yeah. So also, I would like to, I'd like to see some purchases, right? I want to see some purchases

Speaker  16202:40
an AB test with a manager experiment on the bullets, but that's a detail.

Speaker  17488:00
If your kids lunchbox isn't better than sens, then you have to buy one if you think you have a better lunch box. Then, then we want to hear from you. So let's, let's get it. Have you got the link

Speaker  21280:00
Andre? Yep, that's the bento box. Yeah.

Speaker  22453:19
Can you put it in the can you put the link in it in the chat as well?

Speaker  23333:20
Sure. Should I do it with the Super URL? Okay. How do I find the chat? Okay, where is it? Where is that one? Okay, here's it. Here you go.

Speaker  26725:20
Boom. So, yeah, feel free to have a look at the listings. Open it up yourself as well. So, oh, look, it's on, it's on Prime Day. Deal. Come on here. Oh, we definitely got to see some purchases, right? Alright, Andrew, do you want to just talk us through your impressions of a listings, and then we'll sort of open up some some some extra opinions, and some Q and A's.

Speaker  33680:00
Okay, let's do it. That's my favorite thing. Okay, so the listing doesn't look bad. It's obviously, right away you can see that it's a lot of AI generated content, like the girl, probably even these things. I don't know about this one, like the AI for sure, so I would really work a little bit on on the prompting GPT to make it more humanized, because there's a lot of like people will will notice this. But let's start with the main image. I think the listing overall is pretty, pretty good, but there's room for improvement. And well, it's room for everyone, everywhere. To me, it feels like the SEO and kind of like the engineering part is there. But for example, all in one premium, Ben to box, there's a rule of thumb and in premium, in high end products, you never say your premium. If you go to a Ferrari dealership, they will never say we're a premium car manufacturer. If you go Lamborghini, whatever, nobody you talk shop till about premium, it's you play the game of association. So like, how does Rolls Royce does? Or Bentley, I think Rolls Royce, the price tag of a car is 500k so they don't do showrooms, they don't advertise. They go on a yacht club, right? So they associate themselves with the acts that are like a few 100 millions. So that's pocket change to buy Rolls Royce and they associate themselves with luxury. They associate themselves with specific customers, so I would just avoid that word, and that would make the other claim bigger. Then this paper feels pretty cheap. This is a pretty good render. It's not ideal, but it's okay, and it's really showing everything that you need to see, but all in one bento box. I kind of know that this is a bento box. So why are you telling me that this is a bento box? I came to search the bento box, in my opinion, the era of saying the obvious thing, like, you look for a biotin, and I say in the card that this is a biotin. Well, duh, it's a biotin. I know I searched for that so, like, why? Telling me. Tell me the main benefit all in one, yes, maybe how much it fits temperature, like we did a listing for a guy that's not in MDS, and he had a very similar product. I'll show it to you at the end later, so I would keep it more, kind of like morally and because you related. But he's a thermos, so kind of, it's okay. And the guy, what we did for him, we showed the temperature that it withstands, like hot and cold, right? Instead of, like, saying that it's a food term, as for kids like everyone, it's already known and I would work on how this thing looks. You made it so it fades in, instead of kind of jumping out and looking premium, like, I would really design the shit out of this card to make it really nice. Then this sticker, this looks like a pretty, pretty cheap sticker to me, like, very, very simple. I would really invest all the resources I have, all the budget I can in this image. You can do better, like the shadows under this spoons, and the spoons looks cheap, like I would make it better. The fruits are good, but I think you can work it better. The box looks pretty, pretty sharp, pretty good, but there's room for improvements. You can make it shinier. You can make it juicier. There's there's things that can be improved. Now let's go here. Well, to me, I'll say it as it is, the typography in these designs, and all of the listing feels basic, I think you went a little bit cheap on the designer that did it. I would look that's a very good tip to look for designers that are really good with typography, because Typography is the art of giving you the information in a very esthetically pleasing way beside the image, because the image is not bad, but like ideal portions, like this fades out is not as as nice. I would work on this thing. I'd work on this one stylized because she looks good. The image is really good, and you have really good space, if you just, like, pamper it up so you have nicer, nicer fonts, because it's everything is, is 98% there, like, if you just were like 90% there, if you just work on those things to have A cleaner This is clean, but it's not clean Apple style. It's just basic, like, you would do it and convey yourself, like, I mean, I'm not saying to you, but like somebody, somebody who's not skilled at design, would just put it there and do it. It's very, very simple, but it can go so much better because you have what I like about your listing. You have the flow so it looks like it's made by the same designer. Like, this is gorgeous. Like, this thing. Ah, top notch. This thing. I like this shit, this shit, this shit, this shit, this shit. And I'm like exaggerating a little bit to keep it fun, but it's not that bad, but it actually works against this image, because this, this is juicy, very, very nice, but this is simple, 100% leak proof. I I'd always go and look at these guys. I like them probiotics, and I think you know, position choice, right. Look at their captions and how they play. Look at this look at this copy. Do you see it's a very simple this is a very simple font, but do you see how well it works? It flows in the design. There's no too much space. There's no too little space. The hierarchy of the information is exactly where it has to be. Everything is manicured and it looks sharp, but look develop with doctors to support. So it's a very nice copy. Yours feels a little bit dry. I would slightly work on just getting that one. Where is that thing? Okay, now that's our next one. Okay. Yours, you see like you're too close to the border. There's a thing in typography in design called negative space. Negative space is there to give room for the element you're having to breathe to work well. So, like, you can't have it, like, it just needs to go, probably from there, just like, like, this low and then it feels good. The same with logo, you never put them in a corner, like there's always spacing. Okay. Now, the borders around are not so good. And this thing, it's a very good information, very good idea, not executed properly. I would really zoom out more on that thing. Excuse me, guys, you don't really see that. There's a valve. Like, I have to squish my eyes, like, I can't see anything, and I have a 27 screen. And even now, like, I would zoom 5x like, really good and try to animate that stuff a little bit. Or, like, show it, like, when you pull it out a little bit, it's like, it's not there silicon seal. Where is the seal? Kat, I don't see it the border. Get do better. Like, this is good. Like, you got someone who kind of starts to understand design, but not there yet. Like, just starts, and if it's you, then sorry, man. Like, if I hurt you feeling, okay. This really good. Like, this is, like, usually, this is what I'm giving to my designer, because I'm not so good at creating this. I'm good at judging it, where I understand something is crap, but and I can tell what to improve, but I can make it so good myself. Maybe if I have it ready, yeah, I can work on yours, but this is something like this, like a plan more. So I would really pamper it up again. But this 100% leak proof, you can maybe have a nicer copy. Like, look at these guys. 60 billion ways to take care of your gut. I'd really work with GPT on making the copy more engaging. Take both together, like it's really smart. All of their copy is very well the number one choice for number two. It's like they play with emoji, but it doesn't look cliche, doesn't look cheap. It looks good. And probably girls relate to this thing. And the colors you have such a beautiful product. I really, really, really, really like it. It looks really good.

Speaker  185205:20
You can go with nicer colors, more vivid, nicer, cleaner, like these guys, a stylish surprise for loved ones. Like, I'm not sure this, this, this is a dead horse, I think already like the perfect gift for loved ones, maybe. But maybe you can play this idea better now, with GPT, with all this AI crap we have, man, you can do everything like, we're really unstoppable. Now this is it's all about our imagination, so it's not bad. I would give you eight out of 10 if I would rank your listing based on the image stack, but there's rooms to polish it up. Now, let's move down. This feels less professional that you had here. Like this is better than this. And my personal take is that here we have to look more esthetic, because here we show we sell the brand. Here we sell the product. Here they just want to find out more. And this looks very, very generic. This looks like, I don't know, 200 bucks, something like that. Like, this is crowded. Like, give it room. Like, it needs to breathe. It's really, really, really dense. Let's look at these guys. You see they're pretty dense as well, but everything has a little bit more space to breathe, and it's kind of more harmonious together. This is too tight to this border. It's a nice image, but, like, why do we need this kind of, like, flat drop shadow? It's like unnecessary take space. And I would actually go with super white images. You need to inspire a lifestyle. You need to look like you're a big brand, like you. You really know what you're doing. And now with, with all these modules, you can, you can create everything it's you have a big Canva look. What I like is, I don't know how they did it, but you tell me, how did Mary Ruth do this thing? Now, if I wrote it correctly, let's go not press on his PPC, did you guys like it so far good.

Speaker  225552:00
Yeah, we're gonna need to open up some other contributions in a minute, because we, if we wanna get free list, look at

Speaker  227455:59
this, where is that thing? Where is that thing? Where is that thing? There's a button you press, man, why? It doesn't show and it changes the page. It loads a full page thing. How? Where is that? That's that's scary.

Speaker  233365:20
No, they have some while this is happening. Just, just write your comments or what you think could be done to improve the listing in the chat, just while we go through this last bit, and then we'll go around.

Speaker  236426:40
They got a good designer Look at this. It's, it's, it's more engaging. You see, too small. I would, I would really go more on to why. Their images, cleaner, more space, less info. You don't need to say so much here. You have to impress say here. And you can, just like, if you don't have something say, you can repeat the same thing, just like, reiterate them. But that would be my take on this one. I won't talk more on the bullet points and that because nobody basically

Speaker  245040:00
is reading them. Main big question for me, this beige background, should we go with white or should we go with a branded color?

Speaker  247685:20
What's your branded color?

Speaker  248101:20
No, but this beige could be it's part of our brand codes. But I see a lot of brands that are also doing very good with a white background.

Speaker  250453:20
You don't have to follow the brand color so stringent you have to follow the money more and have the brand color in specific elements. But the listing background, it shouldn't be bad. People don't always get the branding properly. So they go too stringent on it where they shouldn't, and they get loose where they should not, right? So it's like, how you show the logo, what colors you use in specific things, maybe, but the listing background that's not necessary. Like these guys changed so much during years. It's crazy, and you can't say their product looks so good in store. I went in store in target and sold them, by the way, amazing that they are there. The product is good. It looks okay, but it's a simple Boston bottle. But what they did with the perception, it looks so much better on Amazon. It's crazy. And when you go in store and you look at sport nutrition, on the other hand, like this thing, this thing in store looks okay, just okay. But on Amazon, it's so damn good, so nice, so well designed. Look at this. You see, look how much space. Big images. Don't put squares like forget about that wide colors. Look. Look how the typography is done here, like they paid good for this, someone who understand what they're doing. Now look at these guys. If you go and you say, call a gem, and look at these guys, ah, it's, it's just okay. But when you see them in store, it looks so good. It's a made touch product. This is an UV coded product, so they sucked at showing it. Now you have it right? Looks good, right? Constantine, exactly. It's, it's amazing. Let me show the image, and I'll show it to you guys because I, I'll have, I have it because I showed it to my designer. And we're like, oh my god, this is, this is the thing. And they failed at showing it on Amazon. And that's a minus, I think, but they sell through a more sophisticated funnel. It's it's a more expensive product, so it requires different things. Okay, so here is it. Look at this here, and look at this here.

Speaker  293488:00
It's raised, it's UV printed, it's satin finish with like, it's, it's crazy good, you better,

Speaker  295397:20
yeah, on a phone shot in your hand than there's nothing the Amazon listing, yeah.

Speaker  296629:20
So it's really nice. So you have to make your choices, where, where are you selling? And that's, that's pretty important. So I'd go more on improving this. Like, you have space to and your products aren't that complicated. You can kill with it. Like, really do well, like this one, look at this. Why is this so cool versus this? Like, I like the colors. It's, it's lively. Like, obviously hired different designers for them, right? I can see, and you paid more for this one, right? If not, if not, then screwed up. But like, this is nicer. I'd probably work with this guy to try to look at that one. And maybe I'm not wrong, because this is a fast judging, right? I didn't spend time on this product, but I really like it. It's a very nice product. Looks very stylish this thing, and the box is cute, like really well thought this. You can work on this thing. I like that. You have the red dot designer. Did you have this? You have Red Dot design award

Speaker  316106:40
on the on the kid range, right? Yeah, and then on another adult range, but not the one you looked at

Speaker  317850:40
that's, that's a very, very prestigious

Speaker  318650:40
award. Guys, guys, you can just pay for it. Basically, they preach the. And they elect you, but as long as you present the product nicely, you win.

Speaker  321552:00
Oh, good to know. But it's perceived really well. So all those awards, you have to scream more. You can work more on this thing like I can really see the lines where it connected. You should not

Speaker  325200:00
and that, okay, let's just go back to the go back to listing we were looking at. Because, yeah, there was Constantine did mention a red dot award, but I guess if you didn't win it for that one, you can't use it. A lot of comments about the beige Sabina says beige background can be lighter and cleaner, but agrees with the more white space. I guess, Sabina, are you saying you like, you like beige backgrounds? I um,

Speaker  331498:40
look, we did this. I presented in New York.

Speaker  332282:40
So I guess have you by trying to make the adult one look more adult. Have you? Has that come at the expense of not having it pop off the page in the same way that the kids ones do and those other listings too.

Speaker  336720:00
Look at this. This is also made with beige colors. We did this design just for the MDS New York chapter, and I hope they didn't change it. But it's also in beige colors. It's all AI. There's no no photography. It was done fast, so it is not like super crazy detailed, but it's easier on your eyes, and it's more organized, built for comfort, made to last relief from sciatic and tailbone pain, so hits the nails in the head, right? He forgot to update it. But, like, we have a mistake here.

Speaker  349642:40
But where is that one Fedora saying helpful to have more contrast between the copy in the background white and beige doesn't stand out and a copy gets lost.

Speaker  352656:00
So, yeah, yeah, you need just to work on the design.

Speaker  353744:00
Okay, right? June's got a couple of points. June, do you want to unmute?

Speaker  355504:00
Yeah, there was that image in the a plus there where you showed the girl's photo. I think it's one of your listing images, but also in your A plus, you have it overlaid on product images, so you can't see your product. You see her smiling, but she's not doing anything. So the focal point is not the product, and it's not how I use the product either. So it just looks really off for me.

Speaker  361989:20
That's true. Good point. I'm focusing on her face instead of focusing on the product.

Speaker  363498:40
Yes, I probably, and her face doesn't tell me anything about the product. So that's why I was like, okay, that's really weird. You could just offset it and even like, why does it directly overlap the all these images, right?

Speaker  367514:40
And now you don't look her in the eyes, you look at the product. So you can zoom more and you can turn that product towards the customer more. That's a very good point.

Speaker  371184:00
June, you made another point about the photo obscuring the product details. Was that in the image stack, or was that in the a plus? A

Speaker  375109:20
Constantine said, maybe you could say umani red dot award winner, 2024 rather than just say it's for the brand rather than for the yeah page.

Speaker  378645:20
There's that one image this one. See how she all these images are cutting off the photos of the product as well.

Speaker  380858:40
Yeah, here it's, like, really cropped down,

Speaker  381562:40
not just this one, but the one further down, because you have like, five or six lunch box photos, but her photo goes right over all of them, not this one, but the one below this one's a bit too busy, and the typography, the spacing, the line spacing, is weird. You want to make the bullet point smaller so it's not so distracting. It's hard to read.

Speaker  388544:00
Yeah, guys agree, like we need to step up on the design, like when, when you know that the when you launch something, maybe right, if you're not sure, but you do 1700, units a month already. I I'd polish everything. I will do so much better instantly, because it's clear, it's nicer. You look like a more solid brand. Yeah.

Speaker  394906:40
So the key thing you read here is 21,000 plus reviews. The reviews themselves are not what matters. They're too big. So that text could be a lot smaller. You want to focus on the five stars when you say, Oh, mommy and other brands, great. But then make the bullet points more clear. Make them contrast, right now you're making other brands pop. Instead of your bullet points, because the contrast in theirs makes the white stand out more on their background, the bullet points should be much closer together. And then, yep, and then when you say at work for meal prep and on the go, that's completely lost on me. That should be much bigger. You don't need the word for in that, by the way. You could just say meal prep and then focus on the benefit with the product. So I really get what you're trying to do, like, Oh, this is how I use it.

Speaker  408421:20
Where are the slides? You can have slides and, like, at work, meal prep on the go and slide them and have more engagement as well. But you need space between them. This is really close and tight. This is big, this is small, and this hierarchy is not respected. Well, yeah, everything is super tight, and you have so much space,

Speaker  414906:40
right? So we're going to move on now. We're going to do, can we do the mastectomy pillow next.

Speaker  416671:59
Thanks a lot. And Ray, that's cool. Yeah, no problem. Maybe we do this one I'm more interested in. I like this one.

Speaker  418735:59
Sure go for it. Yeah, 15 minutes on this one and 15 minutes on the pillow. Yeah, sounds

Speaker  419904:00
good. Stop me when, when it's time. Okay, yeah, huge potential in the product. My my personal perception. First of all, if you're in the in the audience, cool, awesome, you have a super big edge on everyone else. You're a physician or whatever, that scientist that studies this and knows the product so huge potential. Even though I'd work on how everything looks, it's thrown together. Why'd you chose to have a badge background for this? I took my chance, and I I just did your new main image. So, like I did a telemetrics listing simulation. And just look, look how you can look like you losing so much space. And this is just GPT, yeah, that's much better, yeah. So look the boxes, but this is not designed this. I asked GPT to improve your package, to improve your image, and I just cleaned it up a little bit, and you now look much better with like that.

Speaker  436784:00
What just a simple prompt to the chatgpt,

Speaker  437424:00
yeah, exactly like, here's the prompt, and i It's the first one. I just, can you take this product, improve the perception of this package. Make it look much better, more click desired, but maintain Label. Label design. Have a pure white background. Make it feel more luxurious. My English is not the best. Guys like you can prompt it even nicer per bullet points. Do this, this, this, and this, and just I tried with a few more options. But like, look like we have this. I said it's too it loses itself. Then you can go back to, like, polish it like, make it more clear, and stuff like that. But this is GPT. You can get the idea from GPT, give it to a designer. It make it even better. There's ways and ways to make it better. And you can add a label with the stuff, but you can just kill it with this. It's really good. But then look you all over, like this is kind of in the same colors, but you lost me. Like this looks cheap. This is kind of okay, cute, maybe, but maybe too cute. We're making for women's, but it has to be more accurate, because this is a very nice design. I really like the label. I really love the logo. It's really nice. I like the color choice. Everything is good. You just need to make everything else in the same style as this one, because let's, let's work with this one. Look. This is good. You go here. Here's the image. Ah, I don't like the hand. It's not well photographed. You can give it to GPT and say, make a nice hand with the same thing without this. Like, just give her the hand. It will make a nicer hand. Then the bullet points, and you need a caption. What are you trying to say in one message? Because not everyone will want to read all of the bullet points. Someone will want to get just the gist of it. So I asked GPT, but I didn't have the time, guys, because we had, like, 40 minutes before the call. And I said, summarize it and make me but it gave some good directions, and can give you directions. And it's like clinically inspired, naturally restorative. It's already better than this. You said you need something to focus the attention because they invested in your listing. They gave you a few seconds, if you don't respect their attention. And you scatter it, you don't focus it, you lose it. So it has to be on point. Then we go here, this kind of little bit nicer, but, man, you have a full book here. It needs to be cleaner. Why so much stuff? Let's go on the listing, because I can't zoom like that. Okay, so look, I. Too much going on. Why you write here, pound kernel oil here, down, like, it's like, you lose me, estrogen, like, all this stuff, all these design elements, bullshit. I too much logo. Remove it. Delete it. Unnecessary information. Remove the noise. Leave just the main information, and redesign it in the same color palette is not bad. It's pretty close. But I would work on this, how? And then here you throw me off, like, what the heck is this? It's like completely It's like somebody stole from China and just put something on top, like, this is your best seller, and you treat it like that. And then this, I'm not saying this is not the best image. You guys can do better. You can actually feed it to GPT and say, like, I don't like this woman is not clear. What is she doing? Where is she looking she's looking at the product. Or no. Like this can be done better in the same style as never forget your label. You have a design code, you have to respect it. Kind of was like, I'm not a fan of this. This is not bad, but this is not your style. It's like you're trying different things with each image. Not good, very good information. But this is what you design like. I would give it, this to a designer and make something beautiful out of it, because it's really nice information that something will someone will want to read and probably put this second or third image. This one. This is total crap. That's not good. Good info, but not well placed, and don't get upset. I'm trying to be useful, right?

Speaker  510010:40
I think Kevin's on so you can go as hard as you like, but he would, I'm sure he'd be fine.

Speaker  511514:40
Hi, this is Janina. I'm under Sabina, I wasn't able to change the name, but Ayala and I are here from New Eve, and we're right on board with you. We want to figure out how to optimize these. I'm a little bit newer to the company. I have a design background, so I want to get in and start changing a lot of this. And Ayala is right on board as well. So the feedback is, is fantastic. So thank you.

Speaker  518069:20
Yeah, who's that's the owner, the founder,

Speaker  518981:20
that's the founder. Yes, yes, that's Dr. Chang, okay,

Speaker  520325:20
Kevin who's an MDS, is He? Is he

Speaker  520901:20
co founder, or so he's co founder, right? Yes. Kevin Chan, Kevin Chang, oh, he's actually Kevin tell Kevin. Tell, okay, correct, okay,

Speaker  524394:40
like, you had to change this yesterday. Ladies, absolutely should be top priority. Top, top you have, like, like, a gem. Like, super good this. Where's the what do you want me to focus up or bottom. Like you have to prioritize information. Agree, Agree. This is something you give to the designer, not put on Amazon, right, right. So this pretty good. I don't know how is Amazon looking with all of this thing, but pretty good. But, like, very simple, I like the font. Good this. It's like, lost me, like I'm getting angry because it's like, why, right? Like this has to be so good. You can be a top brand. Like this is how you you can look like this, with that, with that logo, with everything you have like, like that. Yeah, this is cool.

Speaker  540138:40
We just rebranded. We went through changing packaging and everything. So we're going through a whole rebrand right now. We just got new images, and so we are really trying to optimize all of our listings right now. I think that's, yeah, it's definitely something that we're focusing on I

Speaker  544288:00
can see the old logo, like, Yeah, this is so much better. But this thing, just delete it right away. Like, I can't read the logo on top. It just throws me off right away, flowers, but you have to set a mood. Like, it has to be different. Like you can read that, that's not good. This too much text, too much text. And it shouldn't be only about the founder everywhere. Like, too much founder. Like, why do I need to see you here? And here? It's like, yeah, it's your product. But like, come on. Like, it's about the vaginal product. Make the brand stand out. Like, look clean, clean. I don't see a lot of big brands talking that much about the founder. We're focused too much about ourselves. And I know that a lot of us want to do that and want to put us everywhere. But look at, I don't know, like even them, these guys, you don't see the founder. You. Look at who's that. Where is, yeah, Mary Ruth. Like, she's the logo. She's the person you don't see that much, like you lost one image. And if I do a test, it will be harsh. People say, like, why do I need to see you? It's like you have to make first the image has to be really nice, really, really, really, really nice and clean and in the style with your branding. And then see where people want to see it like do some tests, where people will vote and give you the feedback on specific image, on seller metrics, you can actually get feedback per each image. They will rate and give you comment, actually praise you, or shit on the image, and you'll see that, and it's really useful. Like you see, you don't see David wives on that. You see her on the brand. That's it. They are on social media. On social media, talk about yourself, present the product brand, the product be the person behind the brand on the listing itself should be about the product. Excuse me, I'm here to buy the product, not to see three pictures of you. And I'm not hating I'm just like, really emotional about this, because it's really important, and this has been, has to be the focus. So I probably focus in that direction. You have an amazing brand, an amazing potential. Thank you. And it's super expensive, so like, come on, that's that's really good. And here waste of space, there's nothing like this. Nobody reads. Don't put much information. Bursts of information like bullet points. I think we're good. Alright.

Speaker  585829:20
If anyone else had any other suggestions on this listing, please put them in the chat. That would be great. Do you want to just quickly show what it looks like from the search from search results, just to see how the main image and title looks on the search results? Excuse me. Do you want to just put the main search term in and show just how the listing looks in the search results? Yep.

Speaker  592752:00
It looks like crap because it's too small. The product is it's really tiny. In the main image, it loses itself like it's really look how big is this one and your logo is, by any chance, not even not, not worse than this, it's much not, I like it. You look like Neutrogena, like it's cosmetics, so it's good, vulva, bulk, come on. Like, really jumps, I can see it right? It's like, cheeky and a little bit, maybe too much, but it, it screams, right? And who comes this is a pain solving problem, and it's probably huge, so own it go crazy. Like, I really like this thing. Like, I don't know if I would go with that kind of like, but it's medicine. Mama, amazing. Amazing. Look. Looks good. Look at this package and look at yours like you can and I think you'll do as good as them, probably better. Oh shit, 400 half a million bucks. Amazing, amazing. But you guys on the right path. If you do those changes, I think you'll just kill it.

Speaker  612736:00
Yeah, I agree. Thank you.

Speaker  613488:00
By no chance I'm not hating I'm just, like, trying to be helpful.

Speaker  614453:20
So, oh no, yeah, and it's absolutely helpful. Thank you. My pleasure. Okay, let's

Speaker  616085:20
do the mistakes. Hello, now, yeah,

Speaker  617461:20
probably could be personal taste. I don't like her face in here, like, it's like, I'm not sure this is the best you, but you have to test because this is for women. This is a really sensitive product. It's people who go through cancer, usually breast cancer, and they, they remove a breast so like that serious. So you have to speak comfort. Probably that's what they're trying to do. You have to really see what kind of mood is this image. If she's projecting the right atmosphere, probably good. I like the main image overall, except that, and I would go with chat GPT and try different faces and see how that works, and I'll come back to the faces again, but I like that you show the clips very, very, very smart. You're showing that has a phone. You can put the phone the pocket, amazing. But some women might say, Listen, I just cut my breast and I put a phone on top that would press on my chest, I don't know. So I'm just, I may be speaking bullshit, right? I don't know crap about that, but pressure, maybe, maybe. So this is just Andre speaking that doesn't have boobs, this interesting, large coverage, but this thing doesn't look beautiful, like the product looks amazing, but the cord, I would do the cord with. PT to look like, really sexy, like, nicer, like, and shouldn't go like that. It should go like this, in this direction, to kind of like, it can go really nicely, like, and just like, a little bit playful with the text, large coverage size, really nice. Good caption. Typography is pretty good medium, but icons, nice boobs, looks okay, cute. Everything is good. Like, here is really good. Like, this part brilliantly made. Like, design wise, 10 out of 10 you go here. Okay, adopt your body right away. Delete the freaking logo. It shouldn't be there. Like, why do you want me to look there? It bothers, like, right? It's like, you want me to read this, look at this and read these things. That's it. Because you you work on, like, having a clean image, and then you stop, you put your logo. And honestly, I'm not a fan at all at the log. I think it's kind of outdated. This needs to be upgraded, like 3d stuff, but I'm not sure about that, but personal opinion so that take it with a grain of salt. She writing something I don't know. Okay, okay, good, very good. Can be improved. Again, seat belt protection. I would really, really, really, really love to see different models. It's like, you have just one model like this gets you know that when you do those videos, so, like, I'm researching YouTube and all that stuff, and they say that it's like, you need to change the frame so you don't people don't get bored of yourself seeing you like, in the same frame, right? Because it's like, if you zoom out, zoom in, like, change the frame, do a B roll and stuff like that. Same here, like, we can have different people now with GPT, so easy, and that would look so much better, so more engaging, because we move here, it's it's her again, she looks like that actress, I don't remember, but like that, that's good, but maybe it's too much having her everywhere. She's cute, but like, I don't like this option, but like, here's so much better. But again, same person everywhere. No handy double pockets, all gel packs the phone or small essentials. You guys better at English, so I don't looks okay to me, a thoughtful recovery gift. This kind of makes sense together. But I'd like, for example, your opinion on you guys, opinion on on on combining these two things, but I think it makes sense very Exactly. Drew Barrymore Exactly, exactly this one. So much pillow. Other pillows, okay, pain free, driving, adjustable strap from your plush, soft, full chest size. Recovery gift, come on, recovery gift. That's that's just like, remove this and have more. You know that you'll be more efficient if you say less in a better way than having more things, right? If I'll go continue rambling and rambling and rambling, get bored if I say you just a few things make more sense. I think here's the same thing. And people, you have to be careful. I've seen this in so many tests. You have to be careful with that kind of information, because a lot of people, people have a pretty high standard of attitude of, I don't know how to say like, they don't like when you ship to other brands and like, you're like, come on, talk about yourself. Don't, don't put other brands down. So the way you say this has to be really thoughtful and strategize well, so you don't look like, Ah, just like, unsupported claims. Like, like, come on, like, you don't have a chance. Like, how can you prove it? Or, like, how can that guy protect himself, whatever? So like, this needs to be tested and see how it works. Just remove it and see if you put something else in this image, how it will do. But overall, sometimes they work pretty efficiently. So a summary, pretty good. I don't know what other people are doing in the market, but let's just test it, and let's jump past mastectomy, mastectomy pillow. I'm really familiar with the niche. And it's, pretty sensible. So more Kat, okay, let me shut down helium. I'm.

Speaker  720000:00
Ah, drop, whatever. We don't have time. Yeah, your, your main image, I think is the best, from what I see here is, like, pretty solid. This one is not bad as well, but kind of busy. I like how the the photo of the product is really good, but this is too much. Yeah, someone copied you. I Yours is the best, and I like the color. The color is really, really good.

Speaker  728393:36
They have, they have multiple colors available, right?

Speaker  729353:36
Yeah, yeah, they do. They do. They do. That's cool. This, if you go a plus, ah, no, no, no, no, no, no, this was so much better. Like I like this design. Adapt everything to this design. No logos. Yeah, I know you love your brand, but nobody cares about the brand until you build it. Then people are associating you with the quality and with the brand and with the story, with emotions and stuff like that. So you brand one time, and that's it feels like this part, I like it. This one is like, you make it about the logo instead of like and the mastectomy pillow. And come on product description. So here you can say something really impactful, and you chose to say, again, I came to buy mastectomy pillow. Like, I'm not a dummy I know. Like, that's why I came here. Tell me more about you. Tell me about why solve my pain. Like, talk about the company somehow, like, about the brand. We're like, why is this helpful? Like, just, like, impress me, be nicer with this. Like, but great. It's like, faded, it's like, this kind of stuff. It's not good. This is over. Too busy. Doesn't do good again. You just, you love your brand. You like your logo. One two, I'd go more modern on this. You have a lot of products you can show in different way. This waste of just like too much, I do it a little bit different. It's really nice images. What if you go and you make a slide out of this, and you just like, give it a nice four slides, big, like big like this, with with this information, how wonderful it will look. You just slide the new read, because I this. I'm like, Ah, too much. But when it's a slide and it's one at a time, it feels like I just read one, but you gave me four. You fed me four, but I'm reading one at a time, and if I want, I chose to get that cognitive load or not. Instead of you throwing me all at once, like, that's a really important term in like, psychology of visuals, you let me choose. You kind of fool me that I'm, like, in control of, like, how I'm I'm absorbing this information, right? So that

Speaker  771360:00
Okay, so we got some good suggestions

Speaker  771856:00
about this one. Sorry. Oh yeah, yeah. June is giving feedback, and I think she's talking about this one, yeah,

Speaker  775333:20
yeah, the ways don't look right? It looks like a male designer because the purple doesn't match the background. Why is her t shirt black and then her backgrounds black? They didn't pick complementary colors to the purple so the purple would pop better. Looks like a male designed it actually, but most products are designed for women.

Speaker  781418:40
Yeah, more empathy, right? Like it has to be more calmer.

Speaker  782634:40
Maybe, I think women do most of the shopping, so you still design like you do, subconscious visual cues more for women, but yeah, it just looks really weird to me.

Speaker  786880:00
Guido saying that he needs to fill out the from the brand module as well. And then Constantine is also saying, like, you could show different he could show different colors in the image stack, just so that, I think for the purple listing, it doesn't have to be all purple pillows. And like, for the black listing, doesn't have to be all black pillows, you can remind people that there's other colors and make it look nicer that way as well. So be Sabina had some good feedback as well. Sorry, I know you said that's not actually your name. Janina, yes. Janine, yeah. Do you want to just go through your feedback on this one

Speaker  797962:40
quickly? So when I look at that first image immediately, I just think, oh, phone on chest. Maybe they had cancer, they had mastectomy, radiation, like, that's what I think. So maybe a book in there, or something,

Speaker  802288:00
or something light, something that doesn't, that doesn't, psychologically triggers that this is heavy, would be heavy on my chest, right? So, like pressure as well. Yeah.

Speaker  805360:00
What? I said, maybe a magazine.

Speaker  808325:19
June, did you have anything else you wanted

Speaker  809253:19
to add? Oh, I it just it doesn't look comfortable, and it doesn't make the product pop, and it like, I mean, the background colors don't complement the product, so it just doesn't look that attractive, I guess. Yeah, a lot of black on the people in the background, and it's really neutral colors, but it doesn't make the product look

Speaker  815434:40
great. Yeah. So this guy also mentioned that some new competitors have come in and have come in and have started doing, started doing quite well. So I think it's probably an indication that it is a good market, and that with a listing refresh and the right strategies, could start to regain more market share.

Speaker  819856:00
Again, they literally copy your tooth to tooth. It's crazy. Purple. But her face is more comfortable.

Speaker  822805:20
Oh yeah, that one looks much better, yeah.

Speaker  824021:20
And the product looks, I think it's Photoshop like hell. And they put a phone as well. They thought like, oh, phone must be working for this, for the phone. Remove the freaking phone, put something else, like, I don't know, a mask, a sleeping mask, something like a pouch of something. Just to know that you have something there. Like this can be thoughtful, really, really, you can spend time on that. This is probably better than all your images together, like, I don't know to me, like, because it's like, it shows that you can do that and you can drive

Speaker  834768:00
this is crap, but they're coming after you. So unless

Speaker  836272:00
you, if you have an unoptimized listing that's doing respectable, at least respectable sales, and then someone comes across it, looking for new ideas, they're going to be like, Ah, this listing is not even optimized, and it's making money, and it's just inviting someone to come in with a better listing.

Speaker  840837:19
You have to look really, really strong so people like, ah, that would be a hard one to bite so complicated.

Speaker  843413:20
And yeah, and then yeah, and then they're going to come in with zero reviews and without a listing. That's going to be competitive is less likely they're going to be able to come in because a lot of our products get ripped off quite a lot, but very rarely does it actually make that much of a dent in our sales.

Speaker  848698:39
Yeah, anyone has a new product, whatever, something else to look for, I think

Speaker  850016:00
we're gonna have to wind it up. We're gonna have to wind it up here, unless, if you want to keep going, Andre you can do you want to keep going because I'm

Speaker  853136:00
have to leave. So just for anyone else that has to leave, what's the best way, if anyone wants to get hold of

Speaker  855157:20
you Andre reach me out on Facebook, and will, 100% do much better than that. We have women's designers, by the way, they know photography and they know typography, and it's good. So, yeah, always glad to help guys. Thanks so much for the opportunity to be with you on the call. Love you all best. Do you want to if

Speaker  861066:40
I've got to go Andre, but if you want, you can stick on with anyone else that wants you to have a look.

Speaker  862154:40
Someone has questions. I'm here.

Speaker  862938:40
I know Dan had a listing. So if anyone else has got a listing that you'd like Andre to have a look at, then you can put it in Absolutely, absolutely. But if you are about to jump off, then please click on the air table and give feedback on this call. Let us know.

Speaker  867216:00
Let us know your opinion about the call.

Speaker  868656:00
I'm going to have to jump off, but Andre, if anyone wants to stay on with Andre and look at a couple more. Couple more listings. You guys have fun. I'll have to check out the recording. Consulting said Dan was first.

Speaker  872085:20
Where is Dan's the image? Alright, I'll catch you guys later on. Yeah, sure. Where's where is that? Okay, okay, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Mg, okay,

Speaker  876954:40
so with 132 reviews you already do, 21k 700 that's that's cool. The label sucks, though it can go better like it's not bad. Good idea, good idea. But you can, you can kill it, just like I would look, let's do this thing, right? I like, this is my first thing that I do is I go to GPT and like, can you make this bottle, supplement bottle. Let me give you in context. I

Speaker  891869:20
at him. And I, like, feeding off of ideas with that. And then, so I bought my designers GPT plans. And like, give them all the AI tools and training on them. And like, guys just, like, abuse it, the crap out of it, until you get maximum. And it just gives you ideas. Then starting from a clean slate is one, but when they have all of this, yeah, yeah, it looks flat absolutely and this thing can be so much better. You can put it like a tag on top, like it can be more expensive.

Speaker  901631:59
Yes, it can go three times bigger on this one.

Speaker  904437:19
Hey Andre Hey, thanks for doing it. So you're saying three times bigger as in sales,

Speaker  906629:20
no, no, just you can go a little bit better with this one bigger.

Speaker  908026:40
You have no idea how much effort it took to allow Amazon to accept that badge any size bigger they they say there's text in a badge and you need to remove it, yeah,

Speaker  910954:40
because you made the rookie mistake, you made it exactly like a freaking badge, like, with, with, like ribbons, like clean it try a different style. It can be an art unorthodox style. It can be some shape interesting. It shouldn't be a gold seal. Is really cool, but it can, like, there's so much more you can do with this, but probably may require reprinting the label. But I want to try to understand this is magnesium, yeah, Spectrum five, okay, I've done a lot of magnesium products.

Speaker  920901:20
Sauna health. That's the brand, right? Yep. What's that? H, that's the brand

Speaker  922613:20
logo on the SH logo, yeah, dude,

Speaker  923498:40
like, it shouldn't be there. Like, it's not. It's feeding me, like, like, this is part of the of the product, instead of being the logo five in on the MG, interesting. Something is working from if this is doing so well, because, yeah,

Speaker  928703:59
the whole idea was in a sea of millions of magnesiums. Like, if you were to search of magnesium, they're all the same. Ours really pops off because it's different. It has the MG, obviously, magnesium, but, like, it stands out and everything else. So I think that's one part of the success. Obviously, there's a lot things you can reprove improve, but the MG, like the way it looks. It looks different than everything else in the market. That was part of like this.

Speaker  937429:20
Feel like the backyard in school, right? It's constantly it's like design sucks the end. MG is a really interesting thing, but magnesium complex is the smallest thing on your label, right? Like I would spectrum five. Why spectrum five so big versus

Speaker  942586:40
we're doing, we're doing tic tac, and spectrum five is the keyword, and it was smaller before we had more information, so the actual label looks a little different. But because people are searching spectrum five, that's the keyword that they're using, we wanted that to be more front facing, so that people know that they got the product, the correct product. That's the idea behind it being so big and front facing.

Speaker  951221:20
No Constantine. I just need a haircut and a shave.

Speaker  952725:19
You need to work on this.

Speaker  953605:20
Okay, you can. That's the main image. What about the overall listing? Like, can you talk spectrum,

Speaker  954922:40
magnesium, okay, that's good. That's pretty good. I like it, the idea it's, it's not bad. Why spring? You don't prep on someone else. You just imply interesting design has nothing to do with what you have over here. Like, absolutely, this looks like, I don't know, like, some. Kid, did it? This is really interesting. Like, I like the style. This looks modern. Like, cool. Really, really magnesium, really interesting, really interesting

Speaker  962640:00
approach. Magnesium from the ocean, therefore the water. Like, yeah. Well, what the heck

Speaker  963744:00
is this? Then? Like, why is this in a different style? Like, why are you playing with styles? One style, two, style, third style this, and this is not quite the same as almost. Then this is, like, completely different. What? It's not bad. I like it, but like Sona health, remove Sona health. Come on. Like, it's like, why have it in there? Have it on top, or have it at the bottom, if you want. I like your logo. Do you you have among the small like, I don't. I don't like all the logos. Your brand is really cool, but I don't think you have to show it everywhere. Really cool, but it's different. Okay, this is good. I left nursing people stay out of hospitals. Really cool. You have to test if people really like this thing showing you, because I like your image here, but it's like Tinder shot. It's a good image right now. You have to see if people will connect to that. Probably will.

Speaker  979568:00
So, yeah, I mean, tested on Tiktok, people do like that. It's founded by a nurse, like that. That's one thing that brings more trust to the brand, I believe.

Speaker  982373:20
Why not talk about that here and have more space?

Speaker  983829:20
It's a new thing. Like, we just made that image. Recently started adding them to listings.

Speaker  985157:20
So this looks like shit. This is such a nicer design. Yeah, the This is amazing. Like, this is designer, right? Like, I like it. This is cool. I know you guys may not agree, but like, I just preference. Like, I like it. This AI stuff, really cool. I like it. It's cute. This is good. It's a different design. It's just, there's no harmony in your designs. There's no connectivity, it doesn't flow. That's it. But did this guy did something? They still suck at it, but, like, it's already, I think, a little bit better than yours that. But if you go like 2050, options, like it will it will be better. But I would really rework this thing, mg, so big, maybe, like Sona health, it can be small, slightly smaller, and Sona health can be here,

Speaker  999813:20
but like main, the main thing for conversions, like, what would you

Speaker  1001829:20
have to grab my attention? You take 27 bucks, so it has to look more premium. I want to see what kind of magnesium is that? What kind of magnesium is that? Dude like, where is your freaking ingredients list? Freaking sell a supplement where you don't know that should be your second stuff, your second image. That's what they look for this. Put this here, you automatically sell more this. This is bullshit. Most probably, this may work, but I would put this like instead of probably like instead of this, because this is just design. I don't want this is not bad. But like, I'd put you down in the same design stuff, because it's a good design. This design is really good. I'll put it down, make it wide, and focus around the brand. So like, first thing, like, this could be right, warp at the bottom right, probably should be at the bottom in the a plus down. So, like, people came in, like, okay, the founder, and that's really cool, someone legit, right? But this, this is quintessential. Probably people rate them, so two times,

Speaker  1023482:40
yeah, I don't know why, like, we deleted the old image stack, but for some reason it doesn't want to remove effect.

Speaker  1025279:59
Yeah. Okay, next. Thank you. Thank Andre My pleasure. My pleasure. Okay, Constantine, you have good stuff. I like it so busy though, like there's a lot going on here. Did you, did you test it and this view does better?

Speaker  1031045:20
Yes, yes, I did. And it pops out more in search result, if you, if you look at everyone else,

Speaker  1032629:20
yeah, like, I know what you did, because we talked a lot and we shared so let's, let's, let's, let's see how you look in in search. Because I like it. I like the branding in the beginning when you went with it, ah.

Speaker  1037466:40
What? Just type multivitamin for dogs or something like that. Sorry. I. A two,

Speaker  1041168:00
okay, yeah, you stand out. Somehow you stand out. I think you're a little bit too busy with the claims on the label, but you stand out. And I can like this guy. This is just like, what's that? Too much stuff. This is clean. This is this is optimum nutrition style, copied one to one, licked. This is pretty cute. Sucks. This is nice. It's nice, but maybe too, too much. Maybe I would try, like a little bit. Well, the

Speaker  1050245:20
that's how the real one looks, and when you get it in your hands, it's the same. It's got the gold.

Speaker  1053066:40
People love their animals like pets is amazing. Yeah, it looks good.

Speaker  1054106:40
Also, dogs don't talk.

Speaker  1055562:40
They just eat. Like, I like what they did to me. Your stuff here covers all of this beauty stuff here. So why do you have this thing here? Like, why here and here? Like, double I won't have it here.

Speaker  1060144:00
Okay, I'll make a note of that.

Speaker  1061136:00
Why don't you put the steak facing horizontally, and then you basically can, you can put two pieces, like one, two or like, just one, right? And it'll be juicier. You can make it a little bit more juicer, if you want to grab attention to it. But it looks good. I'm like, I want a piece of taste.

Speaker  1066533:20
Well, we introduced the bacon flavor, so I needed to differentiate the two jars somehow. You

Speaker  1069210:40
have a lot going on here. So like I was thinking, like, maybe we should do this tag in a different color, but like, it's already busy. So like I would, I would just get rid of this, because this is interesting. And now you have, I know what you're doing, dude, you went for the mobile vertical like you want to grab, yeah, yeah, yeah, sneak your bastard. That's really good. That's smart, that's really smart. You're covering absolutely every inch of this image.

Speaker  1077797:19
That's cool. Well, I do with the main image, but the rest are not as much. That's cool. I love it like this is cool. Complete. And then the test that is number one, because it's it's kind of like ingredients, but it's not because the next image is actual supplement.

Speaker  1081733:20
What would I do? I'd move probably a little bit product with the dog is slightly to the left to give a little bit of space. Here, it will feel a little it will breathe a little bit more. Because you have this in in an container, you can lift it up just slightly so it give more space to this. And this can slightly go down slightly, slightly, so then this thing would have a little bit more space. But I'd give you 9.5 out of 10. Like, it's a really good one, like the brand. Like, I like how this looks here more than it looks here, but I know what you're doing with the main image, so this won't do the trick. This looks like full, and it has a lot and has more, perception wise, you probably play with a mind that gonna get more. You'll be stuck to the brim when I'll get the supplement next one. Oh, this is, you see, you see Dan, that's what you show in the second image. Or in the third image, you have your supplement. Things up to hunt like, beautifully, beautifully made. This is really cool. I like it. I don't have anything to say about this image. Probably better than I'll do it like, it's really good. Dog weight charts. These packs get you. You really spend the time to think about this way you want, looking for a job, dude,

Speaker  1105391:59
this is cool. I have a backup plan, great,

Speaker  1106368:00
just in case, I've got you daily multivitamin. What to expect? What to expect from a daily vitamin? Maybe no.

Speaker  1109264:00
Well, what to expect is the is the focus? What? What am I getting here?

Speaker  1110805:20
I get you really nice. Maybe they can go slightly lower, because I feel like you have a lot of white space. But this is picking like, this is really good.

Speaker  1114005:20
It could make the text larger, I suppose. Yeah, we can talk.

Speaker  1115034:39
It's large enough. I would just lower it a little bit. You don't have to do it bigger. It's already really you have enough good big information, okay, the other guys, pop choice, okay, that's pretty cool, pretty generic. Speaking about other brands, pop choice, PhD, indoors, signs. Based real results, backed by reviews, clean, purposefully, purposefully ingredients. I don't know if I'm reading correctly, build around dogs well being, huh? I'd put this thing first built because, dude, they care about dogs and pets, same as we care about kids. So this is really solid build is like, you show that you care. I heard there was a podcast, I think my first medium, and I don't remember who was there, but they were talking about empathy. There was about a restaurant or guy, right restaurants, and they were saying that there's this subscription box for pet stuff, like food and whatever. And they say that we have a problem. Dogs live 1015, years, and they die, and when your dog, you lost your love, beloved dog, and this package shows up to your door. You're like, the fuck is this? Like, really? Like, I don't need your subscription box right now. So they usually complain and say, like, I just lost my dog. You're sending me this twist. How'd you know? And they're like, oh, absolutely Sorry, just like our bad whatever. A few days later, a box shows to their door with a really cared message and a bouquet of flowers and a really nice message saying, like, we're really like,

Speaker  1142533:20
sorry if they lost the dog, you lost the customer. So it's not gonna lifetime.

Speaker  1144069:20
No, no, is it? Everyone who loses the dog? Usually 90% of people go and buy another dog. Yes and yes, and they say, and by the way, that box, give it to someone else, give it to a shelter. It's free, it's absolutely and here's a gift for you and our condolences. And they say that that thing increased a lot. The retained, because once they do something like that, you'll probably get another dog. You'll not go to another brand because they cared about you. They said, I'm I'm sorry for your loss, right? So build our own dog's well being. I'd leave this message up. It will really help. I think, real result, clean proposal, ingredients, yeah, everything. This first, then PhD, real results, clean proportion. And this one, this real, real results, baked back by reviews. I would be last. So, first, second, third, fourth. And this doesn't matter, maybe I like this one, but your dog is so shiny, it's probably maybe a little bit too shiny, but you have to see maybe it works better, I don't know, but it looks the retriever looks good, but it's a little bit too shiny. But I like the design. The design is good, healthy. Well, you

Speaker  1163082:40
cannot say word reviews, right? So it picks up, but, but you can use the stars and play.

Speaker  1164474:39
I like the design. I like the floating things, healthy trades, no. Very good typography. It's really cute and engagement. It's good. Peak year, no problem. Let us know that's good. I like it, love it.

Speaker  1168655:59
Number one return. I mean, negative review is my dog didn't like it. So one other 100, dog smells it doesn't like it, walks away. They just lost the money.

Speaker  1171392:00
So why don't you put it somewhere here, probably, and maybe you should reiterate this in the bullet points here. Okay, this is good. But your design here, I think it's even better than like, this is good. This probably needs a little bit of work design wise. Just like, just a little bit making more space for the dog. Just like, put those badges every just drag it down. Doggy will have a little bit more space under the chin, small stuff, but really helps. Actually, I look at it and I like it made in the USA. I don't like, I don't like the arrangement of this thing, but I like they. Like the way it's made, like I'd probably try to align it on the left side, I don't know, try with premium ingredients Made in USA, with premium ingredients that, yeah, that's cool. Old body, maybe too much text. No, you don't have, you have,

Speaker  1186960:00
well, mobile, if you change it to mobile, it's, it's a different view. Has less text on mobile because a plus, you can have

Speaker  1189413:20
different dogs, stay strong, just like the dogs daily mention, okay, that's cool. You need a video.

Speaker  1192149:20
I like this. This is really cool. I feel you're a little bit heavy.

Speaker  1194357:20
Switch them, Ibo,

Speaker  1194917:20
but it's really good, dude. I don't know how to do it here.

Speaker  1195674:40
Well, there's a well, next time there's an extension, you can just do it from the browser, and then

Speaker  1197642:40
let's see what it will do if I do like that. No, it won't. It's not responsive, but it's not. Bad. I like it. I like this. This feels a little bit like it's kind of too much. I would, I would have just the paw come here, not the head as well. It feel like it's like, it's like pushing on, on the head of Dr McCarthy. Who's that? Whatever. Like the PA, I like the path thing that it goes. But like him, like maybe twist it just a little bit, or just, like, lower. It's really cool. I love it. But you need videos, and you need slides. You need slides. You could have this information probably in slides. Well, then you can say more with less. You can cut it. It's like, do you need all of this? Like, both?

Speaker  1211210:40
Well, I think the using seven large images is like an easy way to design. Yeah,

Speaker  1213466:40
you can have this in a separate one, but I really like it. Okay, do we have another one? Deepak, okay, cool. Let's go. Okay, let's look at your framing. Okay, good. I don't know main image looks like a pack of tea to me.

Speaker  1221648:00
Why the box looks so cheap to me. It's kind of simple, but it needs

Speaker  1224421:20
it's not bad, but looks like a pack of tea, like Earl Gray, London, Earl Gray, something like Kat. Would you like a cup

Speaker  1226277:20
of tea? Yeah, I think you can do much better than that. We just wanted to get some key, key USPS on the main image. Because, you know, like any other category, it's very, very busy category, so many products sell much cheaper. So we wanted to scream out the thread count and all that up front.

Speaker  1231722:40
Then, if you're a premium stuff. You never sell that kind of product in that kind of, like a tea bag box, okay, have, like, a really premium, high end box like you. So we did the Yeah. What is that one? Yeah, this, like this, probably this box would look better on you, like you can go with a cardboard. There's a lot of, like, walk ups with, like, really good quality of this. I like the sheets, really good, well made. Dude. Why? Why? Why you do this? Why? I don't

Speaker  1241893:20
even get your blood pressure

Speaker  1243173:20
going. I like the great team, I delete the freaking frame. Just have her and, like, change it. Like, it's great. She can be, like, full frame, completely, and this, like, white, clean, like, just reach out. It will just do. I'd love to work on your product. What's in this set? Okay, now this, you see, you just use this one. You can use her and just like, Copy, Paste this, everything on a white and it will be so much better. Nice, beautiful. You don't have this, all this Windows, 2000

Speaker  1252832:00
window in window. Yeah.

Speaker  1253765:20
This exactly again, you do yourself. Usually, you know what we do. Deepak, we try to make our images bigger. What are you doing? You make them smaller? No, I would like, just like, try to increase everything. Everything, yeah, freaking good images. Everything is good perfectly. I like the copy. I like the typography. Actually, I like it perfectly crafted. Is amazingly done, but deep pockets for perfect fit and style should come closer to perfectly crafted, because the distance between the text shows the relation to the text. That's the principle in design. So like you, it means you want to say that this is unrelated. So perfectly crafted and deep pockets for perfect fit and style. So comes closer and you delete all the framing, and everything goes big. And I can see a lot of details, because I don't want to do this. I can see right away. So like great idea, shit, execution. Oh, you see big nicer. But again, why this is covering the product I did not do, yeah, yeah, yeah. And everything could look so much better with the with the better designer, like this, yeah, move it to the left and it just this, this, no, I if someone shows me this, like I was like, no, go home and do it again. I. This has to go up, and we can review again everything here, yeah, yeah, constantly, exactly like there's so much and you can have a better box. I don't know what you ship in. Did you fool them with the with the box?

Speaker  1283519:59
Or so this is the actual box. Some of the text that you see on the box is not on the actual box. It is digitally altered for attention the box. The box looks like what it does, but it doesn't say all this soft cooling. You know, it's much cleaner. You know, it doesn't have this big 400

Speaker  1289925:20
Wait a second, dude, you're killing it. I didn't look at the numbers like, like, my god, like, come on, you can afford to put a better box on this just batter box. Batter box experience. When I received this thing, if you charge 42 bucks and, no, you charge 50 bucks, like, I want to receive it in a nice cardboard box that's thick, that's beautiful, that's crafted, that's designed. I can make you a freaking amazing box, amazing

Speaker  1297728:00
I already sent on your Facebook. So

Speaker  1298928:00
this can be so much better. But are you sure you need this?

Speaker  1299984:00
No,

Speaker  1300640:00
the reason why we put this is the number one reason for returns is people not realizing what shade they're buying. A lot of times, you know a shade when you compare with the next shade, like on your own, you cannot imagine a shade when you keep it next to other shades. You get the relativity you know, the relation to that shade. So now, is it really tested out? No, but we have such massive returns, as in, we are still, quote, unquote, best in the category. But with our numbers, those amounts are huge. So even you know few, few basis point left or right means a lot,

Speaker  1312074:40
okay, but what? Why not put in a plus or design it in a better way? Yeah? I mean, because, yeah, they can be much smaller. They can be probably take this much of the space and still keep everything the same, right? We have of white. You have white and you have a caption where you explain, like, Why do I see this swatch? Right? This? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, yeah. Like, California design, then that's your brand. Yeah, it's amazing. I like the logo. I like everything. But, like, it shouldn't be like that. We're trying to say, What are you saying? What do you want to say? Right? Like, can be here, here, here, or just remove it and, yeah, Echo conscious, recyclable packaging, really, that's the best you could do with that. Okay, guys, you guys are cheap on like that. Like, come on, there's like, more. Like, spend you have, do you have a product that sells better than this?

Speaker  1329957:20
This is our best selling product.

Speaker  1330613:20
I think you're relaxed now, like you're doing good and you're like, we improved, but like,

Speaker  1331877:20
no, no, we're not relaxed. In fact, you know, improving packaging and content is my, I'm I'm the founder. I'm taking this back in my hands to get it done. That's why. Okay, one thing, this

Speaker  1335349:20
can be better. Yeah, I like the idea, but it's not, it's not there, like first, it shouldn't be the logo. You have to have a message always, a strong, exceptional message everywhere, right? And execution is five, three out of five, out of 10x this. I like the copy, cool. I like this. Like this. Who did this? Did good. But rest, no. Like, no. Like this, full, absolutely full image. Oh, my God. Like, I like it so much, I'd pay you. No, it's good. You're doing really, really, really, really well, but you can do so much better. I think if you polish it a little bit more, that box first should be better. Postcard design.

Speaker  1348736:00
Why the story? I don't know why. What the designer did, honestly,

Speaker  1350453:19
dude, you Indians, right? You're from India or Pakistan. I'm from India. Okay, you guys all killing it in, like, in threads and in fabrics. I worked with another customer, Kat and print club. She's, he's killing it as well. Like, you're killing it as well. That's amazing. Like, you guys know what you're doing here. Really nice California designs. Okay, I like it. I don't like the execution. Very basic, very, very basic. And again, you want to show premium package. Just remove this thing out of here. It's just, like, massive. You. This, yeah, now finally, one big image. This can be improved a lot. Like, I like this more than everything else, but it's here, and I'm not sure about this.

Speaker  1363648:00
Yeah, it's like a potpourri of things, because the designer left and then, you know, so we had to scrape it ourselves.

Speaker  1365909:19
You guys are doing amazing. And like this. Oh, like this. Let's, let's look at this amazing image. But you can, you can hack this image. You can hack more. You can have the colors here at the bottom somehow, you know what you don't show in the main image on the previous product, like the Zulu does at the bottom. I don't know if it will work in your category. Maybe not, but somehow we can do it on the box. We can design the box in a way that it shows a few colors as well at the bottom, like there's, there's things that can be done. You guys like framing the frame. Hear that stuff? Okay, this is unclear. If it'd be bigger. I would have more information, more Yeah, and remove the frame exactly, exactly, exactly, yeah. Like, you don't need like, you frame yourself. Like, okay, you're already framed by Amazon with this thing. When they can move all this bullshit here and give you more space. And you actually, no, no, I want less space for my images, right? And then here, okay, I don't like how it's made. It doesn't make sense. I would not touch the product in that way. You never cut you never you never do that, that kind of stuff with your product. Your product is sacred. Whatever. I don't have to say, right? But, like, don't do that. Like, what if you use your product as a background? No. Like, product is the hero. Look IKEA, how they do it. Yeah, same, same stuff. Do have another guy? You have another Sorry man. Like, if you want to talk more with this, like, I'm I'm yours, yeah?

Speaker  1391610:40
No, I sent you. I appreciate it, and really, I did send you a note on Facebook.

Speaker  1392560:00
Yeah, yeah, I think, I think there's no more, right.

Speaker  1395616:00
Okay, what's that? Yeah, I don't think we have anything else done Deepak, Constantine, yeah, that's That's it. Yeah, you see those? Do you have the budget to add something like that as a box, like a more premium, like TWO THREE BUCKS box to not

Speaker  1401349:20
two three bucks, because the every penny is going to count. But we do have lot of creative ways to do a more premium looking like this, like this kind of box, right? And we can do gold embossing and gold foiling, all that stuff can be done thicker, thicker fabric, yeah, I mean the raised gold embossing with, you know, with, with a nicer box, we can do all that, but gold, box. We cannot because, you know,

Speaker  1408848:00
gold, gold would add, like, 10 cents or eight cents to your box. Cost. You will not, I will not add you 50 cents. It will not add $1 Oh, yeah, the difference in print. The difference in print is, is very minimal, but the perceived value

Speaker  1412736:00
is very

Speaker  1412928:00
high. You know, you get 10x i like the cardboard sealed with with vinyl on top that soft touch, and that would cost under one box. And you can do it with gold, with UV. Like, it will look super expensive. Or an E flute. E flute, I pay for my E flute 75 cents in Canada, in China, I can make it amazing for a cutting board. So probably you would pay sub one bucks for that as well. And for your volumes, that would be like, I don't know, 3040, 50 cents. And you can make amazing packaging amazing. It should be durable when I receive it, impress the shit out of me. So when I look at it's like, oh my god, I can't wait to put it on my bed. It should look screen luxurious, either crafted or luxurious. I'd go luxurious with you, because your logo, everything you do is like California design. Then, come on, you should speak design. You take a big claim, California design then, so it should be really, really like, award winning shit. Come on. Like, wow, look at this. I like this. I like this. This is good. This is good cleaned. I like the font. I like the topography. This is mixed now, now you jump into another style, and then this a factory tour. Okay, that's you found cool. That's cool. I like it. But that caption, like this needs to be redesigned. The store, amazing stuff. Love it. Dude, amazing. Like

Speaker  1439690:40
so we just put this video. So I think yesterday or day before, we just wanted to test. I mean, I don't know how we'll actually test, but my team said they want to see if this brings in more realism. You know, like that we are the real deal. Because, you know, I mean,

Speaker  1443888:00
you are, it's just you don't. The design is shit like, it's my angry man, I'm getting angry. This is nice, like this. This part is cute, yeah, the

Speaker  1447557:20
designer who did all this actually left, and he left for her agency.

Speaker  1448501:19
That was apple. So this is good. This is so well made. This is not well made. The video is really good, but the caption, I didn't like the caption. Thumbnail is not good, yeah, you lose yourself the uniformity. Like, yeah, I hear you love to help like, this is good. This is clean. No, this. I love this is, this is solid. This is, this is top notch. This is amazing. Was Kat. Guys, love, love, the love, the love, the meeting was amazing. Thank you. Thanks so much for having me. Love to meet you all. I'll be in. I'm Z innovate, if you'll be there, like I'd love to hungry. Constantine, are you coming

Speaker  1462501:20
to where to

Speaker  1463045:20
innovate? Yeah,

Speaker  1463349:20
probably not. There's too much going on. I travel everywhere, and my wife will kill me. Eventually, it'll be my demise.

Speaker  1466261:20
Cool. Anyway, nice meeting you all have a good day, guys. Cheers. Bye, thank Andre My pleasure. Bye.
