Rafay M.H
Date: April 02, 2025

Speaker  2736:00
These practical hat tunes are split into two. It's cold start for those people who have yet launched or are struggling to launch and be successful, and the other ones are for those that are getting traction to touch up and want some advanced tactics step by step so we can go to that and of course, I think it says, if time prevents I'll make sure tap events. We're going to make sure we go into a Q and A my promise to you by the end of the session, of course, is that you're going to be able to implement this stuff immediately. There's also some bonus tactics and hacks at the resource that I'm not going to share on slides, but inside the resource that we able to implement as well, that sound good? Does that sound good? I appreciate the energy, guys. Alright, so So I know who I'm speaking to. Ballpark. How many of you have used Tiktok or Tiktok shop for your business? Hands up straight in the air so I can see them. Amazing. That's brilliant. So like the 75 80% that's amazing. Some of the advanced stuff, we spent a little bit more time cool. So I'm gonna be sharing three videos with you, and as you watch these videos, I want you to think, one, is this a good video? Is this a video that I think my brand could use work? Or would this video make any sales bill? And how can I come and take in my business? Let's watch it

Speaker  24709:19
together.

Speaker  26309:19
That 10 second video made this rat 42,000 revenue when I explained why this worked in a second through the cold start stopping. Alright, let's keep going. Here's another one. Have you ever realized that when you get this up, food farm store goes in and turn the clogs up your part? This is exactly why you'll see me standing just throw this away. And this is what I upgraded. We have these three one strand that just stops all of that, and it's easy to use. You can fill the sand up with one single press and then tap it again, and it drains all the water from the scent with the removal bags. And it's easy to dispose other way, and you don't have to worry about the food going down the drain thanks to these rubber things around this strain is posted out for under $7 and they got an extra 40% coupon if you want one, left a link below that video to almost 70,000 in revenue for this brand, and their average price point was $5.60 so think about how many units they push with that one video to make 70,000 revenue. Now this video goes for about about two minutes, about an hour, about a minute and 56 seconds, it drove about 88,000 revenue. Now that last video is one that we, I want you guys to focus on, especially now those other ones work because there was a lot of traction on that offer and on that product already. That last video was one of the first videos that were created for this brand, and absolutely crushed it without it actually, you know, jumping on an existing trend. And the reason it worked, and this is one of the takeaways that I want you take away with, the reason this worked is it was an appeal to authority and a big problem. All the brands that are launching right now in Tiktok shop successfully identify what their one big problem is, and then that is the angle that they push snow, teeth whitening is aural. Aural skincare, evil goods is synthetic things on your skin, making you acne prone. You have supernell Calm, their big enemy, their big problem, is cortisol. And so every single one of these brands, every single one of these videos, have driven almost 50k or plus. And so far, Orbi supplements have done 2.3 million revenue. T blossom has almost done 490k in revenue. Ibo goods has done 4.8 million revenue. Why am I sharing all this? Because all of these brands have one thing in common, and that every single one of them launched on Tiktok shop in the last 150 days. And so I know you guys know the power of this. I'm going to share with you what they were able to do by analyzing the launches so that you guys can also replicate that to get the same scale. So you may have heard already that everything is downstream of Tiktok views, and that's true if you don't get it, because it's a video first platform, if you don't have enough, if you're not using enough visual real estate. You don't get those eyeballs that get a chance to convert. So this is Orby supplements in their very, very first month, they had 700 shuffle videos month one from scratch. That is what I'm hoping to share with you right now, is that this will reset the water line for you, that you'll realize, okay, maybe I've launched on Tiktok shop. I'm not as successful at the moment. Okay, this is the volume these guys are doing. T blossom in the very first month, they had over 1000 shuffle videos posted in month one, and that was 490k in two months. And then evil goods, the very first month, they had 260 affiliates activated, and each of them were creating multiple, multiple pieces of content. Well, at the end, I'm going to share a resource we can dive into each month and see how many lives, how many how much revenue, how many affiliates you can dive into that. So a bit of rapid fire context, we know that we need to get everything is downstream of views. So how can you make Tiktok shop work for you? So I so that I know who I'm speaking to. How many of you have gotten past the 50k per month mark on Tiktok shop so far, hands up straight in the air so I can see, okay, handful. Thank you so much. How many of you are struggling to break the 10k per month mark on Tiktok shop? Thank you for your honesty. I appreciate that. What I'm gonna be sharing with you about the cold start, it's gonna be especially relevant to those people who haven't broken past that 10k or haven't passed the 50k so we have to remember that Tiktok creates demand. It does not fulfill demand. And the reason for that is because, obviously it is an edu edutainment and education platform first. And so what you're seeing right here in front of you is a launch ramp. Basically every single person who launches on this platform is going to be starting right here, which is the cold start phase you're cold start phase. You are pre demand, as you will if you aren't launching on Amazon, the demand exists. You're launching in the stream of search volume. That is not the case on Tiktok, and most brands are stuck here. They'll put a bunch of capital, they'll pay too much for a certain creator, or they'll just put too much behind ads, behind content that's not actually working, and then they lose enthusiasm for the opportunity of Tiktok shop. Hopefully I've shown you, if you do this right, if you have enough volume of attention distribution, you're able to scale this super duper fast. But it's when you launch that first period you want to do that as quick as possible to get out of the cold start. And the reason for this is that even though there's approximately 170 million monthly active users on Tiktok in the US, there's only a proportion, a small proportion of them that are Tiktok buyers. And because of that reason, Tiktok is very careful on who to give that traffic to. And so unless you have a great experience for a customer, unless affiliates are, you know, clambering to work with you, they're going to be very careful to give that traffic to you. And so you're really doing three things to get out of the cold start. The first thing that you're doing is you're trying to get to customers and say, Hey, work with buy from me. This is a great opportunity. There's these reviews. These are these sales. You should come buy from me. The next thing you're trying to do is create an opportunity for affiliates to be like, Hey, you want to work with me instead of brand A, B or C, and the last and final thing is, you're convincing Tiktok to give you more of that ecommerce buyer traffic, because once they open the floodgates, then it becomes that hyperscale to the boosting phase, and then obviously the rapid scale stage. So I'm a big fan of inversion. So for those of you who are stuck underneath 50k especially those you haven't cracked 10k this is going to be illuminating. So if I wanted to create the worst possible launch on Tiktok, what would I do? The first thing I would do is not give any reasons for affiliates to work with me or customers to buy from me. I have very low or zero social proof. The next thing I would do is I'd have no brand presence on Tiktok at all. I don't have a brand account. I'm not creating organic content so that look like audience can be referenced for my shuffle videos, and I'm just randomly selecting affiliates that kind of meet my GMV threshold. That's really what I'm looking for. And if I'm doing that, that's the worst possible launch on Tiktok. Hesitation putting ad spend behind content that's actually converting How many of you have worked with random affiliates that you thought were actually going to work and then ended up going nowhere. How many of you have spent more than 10,000 in giving samples out with very little to show for it? Hands, straight up so I can see thank you for your honesty. I appreciate that the resource I'm going to share with you very, very shortly is going to help solve that problem. If I wanted the worst possible launch ever, I would launch my entire product catalog instead of focusing on one, two or three products. What people don't realize, and this number comes directly from Tiktok, is that it takes 5.4 times for a user on Tiktok to see your product, whether it's a shuffle video, whether it's in the showcase, whether it's on a live to make a buying decision. And for those of you that are clever out there, you know that usually, on other parts of the internet, that's usually like 12 times, right? But on Tiktok, it's 5.4 if I'm launching 10 products, it's just gonna take me so much longer, so much for capital and time to get to that point. Second last, if I was to launch the worst possible launch of Tiktok shop, I wouldn't invest in all three traffic levers. I would think it's an influencer, creator game. It's not. We have borrowed traffic, which is affiliates. We have paid traffic which is running ads effectively. And I'm not talking about just Max GMV ads. That's like the tiniest part of the ad platform. There's so much more there and then not creating my own content on the platform, hiring an internal creator to create that look alike audiences. There are brands that are driving more from their own Tiktok brand account because of their own content, their organic content, because the level. Love conversion they're getting off that is now driving affiliates to come and work with them, and it becomes this virtuous loop. Is really, really powerful. And lastly, and probably most importantly, is not being aggressive during launch, thinking that, okay, Tiktok is a platform that fulfills existing demand. It does not create demand. How many of you guys launch on Tiktok, and we're kind of waiting for the traffic to arrive. Thank

Speaker  166885:20
you for your honesty.

Speaker  167653:20
Wanna help you create demand. So I'm gonna share an equation with you, and this equation is true regardless of what brand you have if you're launching on Tiktok, this is your equation. And so the equation goes as follows, revenue equals views times CTR times conversion. And so I'm going to repeat that one more time. It's views times CTR times conversion. If you do not have this, there's barely any point in optimizing that, and this is almost a waste of time, so you want to make sure that you generate and create demand. So we're going to jump into some practical how tos and how we can actually solve this problem. So I'm going to share my screen, and we'll jump into the resource. How many of you found that inversion exercise useful for those of you that have launched and weren't successful thus far, awesome. I'm glad this is a breakdown of a cold start accelerator and then a ton of advanced strategies we're going to jump into. But right now, I'm just going to be talking about the cold start and one of the biggest mistakes that I find with brand owners when they're launching on this platform is that they don't create a baseline. On take on Amazon, it's really easy to create a baseline. You know, if your position one, two or three, the amount of revenue you're going to be getting is very, very easy. But on a platform where you're creating demand, how can you create a baseline? And the easiest way of doing that, the easiest way of doing that is looking at your top three competitors and seeing what they've done from month one, month two, month three, month four, and their first six months of launches. And the reason this is important is you can see, okay, like the examples I share, how many affiliates do they activate? How many shuffle videos, how many lives getting that baseline is super duper important. And if we go back here from this section, we need to make sure these basics are set. This is what you need to do when you're launching on this platform. You need to get a baseline and if your closest competitors are all like 300 to 500 shuffle videos in your first month and at very similar pricing, you want to make sure that you at least hit that as a baseline target. And so you might need to reset your investment allocation to make sure that you at least hit that point. And then finally, and then secondly, we have our three payment, three payments. You have to remember that Tiktok is not Amazon, and we need to kind of D amazonify our listings. A lot of people are using the exact same listing that they see on Amazon. They copy paste it across and then not making it relevant for Tiktok. And so in this resource, I break down specifics on exactly what you need to do on your product listing, exactly what you need to do for your image stack, and examples on what you want to recreate. Now, I'm not going to insult your intelligence by reading out what's here. You guys can get this in the resource, but I just want to make sure that if you don't do these 3p things and your cold start, you are not going to get past 10k it's going to be difficult, and you're going to be fighting uphill. The next piece for our cold start is social see social proof seating. And like I mentioned before, three things, you're trying to get customers to buy from you. You're trying to get affiliates to work with you, and you're trying to get Tik Tok to treat you as a real shop to give you E commerce, buyer traffic. And the best part about tick tock being new ish compared to Amazon, is that there's a lot of stuff you can do on tick tock that you cannot do on on Amazon. And so it's very, very crucial that you get to your first 2000 plus in sales as quick as humanly possible, and do that repeatedly, making sure that you have purchases and reviews using buyer networks and then leveraging your email list. You know, a lot of people have an email list, but they keep it to themselves. They don't. They only drive it to Shopify. But if you're able to have an email list and you're able to actually leverage it, you're then able to get into that Tiktok ecommerce fire traffic, traffic as quick as possible, because you're sending warm traffic that converts. And you only need to do this during launch. You don't have to consistently do this. And so I've broken down my eight email launch sequence that can be used three to four weeks out before launch to really send this out and get this whole thing going. And that's going to be in the resource there for you guys as well. Then we have affiliate reach out. I'm not going to double click on this too much. The only thing that I want to point out here is that our goal is to get to at least a 5% response rate, between five to 8% so if you aren't getting that, there's three reasons for that. One, the opportunity is no good. You have no sales. But once you start getting sales coming through the door, you've made your initial purchase. Says, then your message is no good. You really need to target them and target these affiliates that are not only your direct competitors, but adjacent brands that are serving your same avatar. Most people are going for the same people. If I'm a supplement brand, I'm looking at other supplement affiliates. That's the wrong way of looking at it. Look at the supplement brand that this affiliate is reaching out for, and let's say I'm selling a baby onesie. For example, if I'm selling a baby onesie, I'm targeting mothers, and then I have a supplement that is targeting young moms for collagen, for example, those are the creators that I want to work with, because they're they're speaking to your target avatar. And this is an arbitrage of attention that most brand owners are not leveraging or using on Tiktok at all. And then finally, running ads that's running product shopping ads, that's running video shopping ads, that's making sure that you're only putting ad spend behind content that's already getting decent engagement metrics. And what does that mean? That doesn't just mean sales. It's our 6% view rate. It is our full view rate percentage. And then finally, it's our comment percentage rate, even if it has not got sales in early days, you want to put ad spend behind that. So in this resource, I've got these brand metrics that you can jump into and dive into the specifics of what each of these brands did in in their launch process. Now I know I've got a tight window, and I want to spend a lot of time on the advanced side. There's a lot more in this resource that I have not yet shared that you can go ahead and double click on, but what I'm going to do for the remainder of this session is dive into a lot more advanced tactics. I guess, cool with that. Hell yeah. Awesome. Thank you very much. So big takeaways from the cold start, for those of you that have not yet passed 50k per month and are stuck behind 10k per month, be aggressive. Invest in your launch. You can either have time or you have capital and time you can never get back. Reallocate that so that you can as quickly as possible, get out of that cold start as quick as possible, and so you can get that boosting and then that scaling phase. Track your halo effect. We've worked with brands that have a 30% bump on their Amazon even though the Tiktok shop is not doing that well. That's just because their presence on the platform. So track that stuff. And that stuff, achieve product Content Market Fit. That means, how can I visually communicate the benefits of my product as quick as possible achieve that two more do what's required to get social proof as quick as possible, get your friends and family go to a buyer's network, get those sales through the door, so that you can actually start getting that E commerce, buyer traffic and conversions. And lastly, push hard to make your brand an opportunity for affiliates to want to work with you. The truth is, in the beginning, the affiliates are the prize you aren't, and so they have the likes of goalie or every other massive brand to work with from an opportunity cost perspective. So how can you sweeten the deal for them? How can you make sure it's an opportunity that's worth it for them to want to work with you, whether that's a retainer, whether that's higher commission, whether it's additional training, or a combination of all three.

Speaker  285082:40
So advanced tactics.

Speaker  286026:40
First is Tiktok SEO. Now I was hesitant to put this in here, but I'm going to dive into details of exactly how to do this in a second, most people are not using Tiktok SEO in any way, in any format. And the crazy thing is, the sheer amount of search volume on Tiktok is crazy. A lot of people are just their primary first search is actually on Tiktok. And what people don't realize is, if you go to answerthepublic.com you can actually see the search volume based on your whatever your keyword is on Tiktok itself. And so the strategy is as follows, you're gonna go and answer the public. You're gonna type in your keyword for a brand. I want to use an example of somebody's brand here, if you're if you're willing to share like a keyword that's relevant to your brand. And we can do this in real time. Yeah, bro. Educational posters, education. Sorry, was that preschool? Preschool, educational. Okay, got it. Let's do it. And so it's, is that for the purpose of that? Is that for reading the posters, I imagine, right? To help kids read? There's

Speaker  302234:40
like, 16 posters, one's ABCs, another one's numbers, another one's right? So it's like,

Speaker  303594:40
it's kind of like early reading, early education got it perfect. So here's what we're going to do, early reading, and then we're going to do the numbers, one in a second,

Speaker  305984:00
while this loads the yeah,

Speaker  307168:00
sorry about oh, answer the public. It's called Answer the public. So while this is loading, the reason this works is because people are using this platform as primarily for search, and they're getting answers on this most brands are jumping on this platform and just creating shop full videos. What they're not doing is becoming an authority in the space. And so with answer public you can see, OK, what's the search volume for? Early Reading, it's pretty low. It's only 720 but what it lets me know is, OK, what are the keywords or terms that people are searching so for this example, we've got early reading for toddlers or a Reading Festival, or we have early reading entry. Is it worth it? We've got early reading for kindergarten or early reading tips, or even reading tips. We're going to take that exact keyword, I'm going to type that into Tiktok search box. Are and whatever videos show up organically at the top based on your search result. You're going to look at that video and you're going to recreate it and make it 10% better. This is such a low effort and easy way for you to be able to create content that starts getting ranking on Tiktok. But here's the best part about this strategy, you actually rank on Google as well, because Tiktok videos are starting to show up and consistently showing up on Google. So now this is a really low search term, but what I would do, if you're in the sorry, I forgot your name, posters fellow, Josh. So, Josh, this is a really lame search term, so I would maybe make it shorter and I go reading or reading tips or, like, you know, so I used to be a primary school teacher, I should know this, but, like, you know, struggling to read. So those would be all the keywords that you put in there. And what I want you to do is type that in Tiktok, get an entire list, and you might have 100 search queries that are relevant. You want to get the video that shows up organically, not the one that has the most, like shares or engagement, it's the one that Tiktok believes answers the queries the most. Recreate it, make it 10% better by improving the hook, improving the CTA, and over time, what ends up happening is that you become an authority in this space, because the truth is on Tiktok, and actually everywhere outside of Tiktok, too. People use familiarity as a proxy for authority. So that means the more I show up, the more authoritative I seem. Why would I do this as a brand like why is this valuable? Sure you build enterprise value cool, but what you also do is that when they see your shuffle videos from your brand, you're then able to double click on that and get way more conversions. You can put ad spend behind those shuffle videos, and your ROAs is a lot higher because they've seen you and they've gone value from you so they know, like and trust you. It's such a low, easy, low hanging fruit, easy way to doing this, and most brand owners aren't even willing to do this. So highly recommend doing Tiktok SEO in this resource. I've got a actually deep, step by step on how to do this. I'm not gonna read that out. You guys can go ahead and do that. The next piece, does that make sense? Guys? Yes, sweet. Have any of you guys done that yet? No, any of you guys going to try that after this session? Hell Yes. Amazing. Thank you. Thank you. All right, so next thing is multiple accounts. So tabs made this super popular, and then, you know, he had a lot of issues with supply chain, and a few people suing him and stuff. So he's kind of got to drop back a little bit, but he realized that the amount of organic reach on this platform is second to none. Actually, a lot of brands, a lot of platforms, are doing this now, and the reason for that is that because, is because Tiktok is built on a content ground, which means the most more engaging your content is, is the more distribution that you end up having, and so by having multiple accounts for your brand, you're able to assign different purposes for each of those accounts and different content frameworks, you're able to get way more angles that actually work, so that you can split test it and then create 40 variations of a piece of content that actually works and then run ads behind it. And you're able to get to that point much faster than just having one account. And all it really takes is either hiring one internal creator to run two or three accounts for you, or hiring somebody to do a particular format of content. And so what do I mean by that? So I've broken this down in the types of multiple accounts, the easiest, lowest hanging fruits to kind of get started. The first one is, of course, slide shows. This is super duper easy. I'm going to share. I'm going to play this video. So yes, and see an example of a brand that's driving this traffic specifically to Amazon. And they, I think they post three to four times a day on just one of their accounts, and they've got 100 plus. So let's watch this together. In two

Speaker  378954:40
months, family and friends will notice.

Speaker  379994:40
In three to four months, everyone knows, and

Speaker  380554:40
at five to six

Speaker  381434:40
months, everyone will

Speaker  383034:40
laugh. That's it. It's very simple. Is that a hard thing to do? It shouldn't be. It's very, very simple. Here's the formula. They got a trendy piece of audio. They had slightly relevant content as far as images go, and then just a story that's being told. I know it sounds simple. It's like, why would I bother doing this? The thing is, you're getting so much organic traction and so much organic distribution on this platform that having multiple accounts, you're able to drive so much more top of funnel traffic, so so so quickly. And this one person can create, like, 1020 slideshows a day. If you want to, you don't have to post them all. It's very, very simple. Once you have a framework that works. That's one type of account, the second account is having a specific marketing angle that you're pushing. Now, I mentioned the big problem before you're going to split test this big problem, and this is, you know, supernell com didn't actually come up with cortisol themselves. It was their affiliates that figured out that was the angle. And so what I want you to do when you're thinking about launching your product is not just, okay, what are the benefits of this? Okay, cool. You know, my it whitens my teeth, and that's no teeth whitening. I want you to think, who's the. Big Bad, your problem your product solves. What? What problem space does your product live in? And if I was able to stretch this out and create a movement or a massive problem or enemy around this brand or product, what would have to be true to be able to do that? So how many of you are using like a big problem or big enemy in your marketing right now on Tiktok, just lacking an idea cool, and how's it gone so far with the big problem?

Speaker  406549:20
I just launched. I just launched. Ok, no worries. My first video this morning. It's like violent ranking. Hell yeah. OK, cool.

Speaker  408485:20
And so very early stages from a data perspective, but you're saying that video is actually starting to get more traction. What do you think is the reason for that? It can't just be the problem thing. Are you putting ad spend behind it, or is there anything else that was different? Anything

Speaker  411946:40
else that was different my g max ads, which helped got it, but I think it's contrasting with a common product, saying this is actually a better version of that

Speaker  416266:40
product. Nice. Got it early sales amazing. I know there's another brand that did this, but in the gum nation, they were just, like, looking at all the big gum brands, and like, this has talc powder in it. This has talc powder in it. This has top powder in it. And they had, like, the SAP gum. And that was the big enemy. It was like, big gum. And the reason it works is, when you watch it, you're like, Okay, this could be something I need to keep in mind. I don't want to, I don't want to miss out, and it feels like an organic piece of content doesn't feel like you're being sold. And so it's super duper valuable to be able to have that. And the third is your main account. Thank you, bro. And the third one is your main account, and that's just making sure that you create awareness and consideration content. I'm working with brands that are just only do shuffle videos, and it's no good. It's an absolute waste of an account. Talk about the problem space your your product lives in, and provide value on it. This would be the type of account that you would do Tiktok SEO on. So that's number two. And then finally, and I know we've got a short time here, so I'm going to be quick here discord funnels, I'm a massive fan of and so that means getting your creators to actually have a direct line of communication with you. That doesn't mean just working with affiliates, that doesn't mean just reaching out to a multi creative network, which, don't get me wrong, can be very, very valuable, but having a direct communication with your own creators is super duper important. It's actually not that hard to do. And so what I've done is, and I'm going to let you guys jump into this, because I want to make time for Q and A I've broken down kind of broken down kind of like a template baseline. Now there's nuance to this, obviously, but an exact flow that you can use to build out your own discord funnel in your own business. So how many of you have your own brand discord at the moment where you're talking to creators? Okay, awesome. Those of you that don't, I would highly recommend it if you're launching on Tiktok shop. It is the fastest way to scale. If I can have one sample and I send it off to you, and instead of creating one video, you're creating 10 pieces of content, because I'm training you to do better so you can make more money. I mean, it's more profitable for me as a business, and I get to test more angles and to better for my Creator as well, because they get to win. The whole point of this game. And the best part about is, if you can help the creators win, then you win, which is very, very valuable and so. So if you have not, yes, yet, created your own discord, I would highly, highly recommend it an example. And you guys would have seen this is everywhere. It's goalie and what they're doing with their brands, the amount of like giveaways and gamification. You can create a complete community in your own business and gamified for simple things like, hey, if the average of the 10 videos you post reach 20,000 in views, as an example, I'm going to give you a $200 gift card. It doesn't always have to be about sales. It's about attention distribution, because all this adds to look like audience Tiktok uses to start serving your shuffle videos from your other affiliates too. It's so, so valuable. So if you have not yet done this, I would highly, highly recommend it. If you would like the resource, you can scan the QR code and it's going to be sent to your email. I set the clavio so it should work. If it doesn't, obviously reach out to me, but it should, should work. I tested before jumping on stage. The QR code will come back, but I want to make sure we get into Q and A if you want to learn a little bit more about what we do, we have a done for you, putting this in for you, so you don't have to work for it with implicit you can come have a chat with Adam or myself, or done with you where it's built inside your business. So we can have a chat about that. But I want to make sure that we spend time on the Q and A side. Are there anyone is are there any questions in the room.

Speaker  470389:20
There we go. Cool question here would be,

Speaker  471733:20
when do you transition to a new product? So in other words, like great question got random, the product is flying and it's growing, and I'm almost kind of scared to introduce a new product and divert the affiliates attention, divert ad spend. So, yeah, what's typically the marker for you on when you introduce a second product? Do

Speaker  476698:40
you mean like a product that's working or not working?

Speaker  477770:40
This product is working? Okay, yeah. And so it's in a singular form, then I'm gonna introduce a bundle. Yeah, that's the plan. The second product. But like I said, I don't want to, like, slow down or divert resources from the first product, so I just don't know when there's, yeah, what's the markers you look for on when it's a good time to introduce another product?

Speaker  483488:00
It's less about time. The way I look at is, like, how can I reduce my downside by introducing a new product? And so what I would do is, if I've got a bunch of affiliates that are doing well, I'm just gonna take the cream of the crop that are doing well for me, you might 10 and 15 and introduce them on a and I'm saying channel, because I like working with creators on Discord, but I put them I want an invite only channel and be like, Hey, we're launching this thing. You guys are the only ones that are invited for this thing. Here's the commission that you have, and to be involved, you need to make sure you at least post 10 to 15 videos for this thing. And these are the angles go, and that's, that's the way you can leave the rest of the affiliates, and you're good. You're not doing any mass outreach to them. You're just trying to get some initial traction with those creators that you know, that are already working for your other product. I imagine it's, it's related in the same niche. So, yeah, that's what I do. Bro, does that answer your question? Yeah, sweet. Any other questions? Guys,

Speaker  496074:40
yes, sir, my question is actually about discord. Yeah, let's say old creators and young creators in your in your experience, are older creators comfortable enough using discord because we're like, do we use a Facebook group? Where do we host these people? Where we talk to them? Just kind of curious what your experience has been? Comfortable

Speaker  501328:00
with discord? I think, what do creators want? They want to get off the hamster wheel of making content and not having regular income. And so if you can frame it like, Hey, if you jump on a discord, we can help you get to regular income consistently, because we have retainers and all these rewards. Here's and if you need to create a loom, video sop on how to literally join it like, make it as easy as possible, but everyone in one spot is like way easier.
