MDS Mogul Call with Josh Hadley
Date: February 25, 2026

Speaker  00:00
Sometimes when I haven't spoken to somebody, when I when we organize a call a long time in advance, I'm sometimes worried that, like people might have forgotten, but I know with you, I know you're a pro. He keeps a tight schedule. I do so you'd be there.

Speaker  5829:20
No, I live by that calendar, so you can count on me.

Speaker  7333:20
That's good man looking forward to I love

Speaker  8309:20
the mic. I love

Speaker  8837:20
it, Charles,

Speaker  9301:20
listen, it's better than mine, right? See, hey,

Speaker  10101:20
there you go. Hey. Well, guess what? Mine was naked for years. So this was a new this was new new, new for me. All right,

Speaker  12890:40
so whoever's logged in as Josh's assistant, could you change your name to your full MDS name or

Speaker  14602:40
my bot? Your

Speaker  15034:40
bot? Okay, do

Speaker  17177:36
Yeah. So if you're logged on as like, just a first name, like Carlton or Henrik, of initials, if you guys could just add your full name, just saves the MDS team having to message you got you like your your Facebook name, or if you're an employee, the name that somebody put you in on the air table, that'd be great.

Speaker  22997:20
That'll be really helpful. Thank you.

Speaker  24037:20
Hey guys, good to see you. Hey Rich

Speaker  25221:20
dude, good to see you. Guys. Glad to have a illustrious member of the North Texas chapter on the call today. Josh, happy to see this.

Speaker  28026:40
Sup, rich, good to see you again. You

Speaker  28682:39
too. That's a cool background, and that doesn't look fake either.

Speaker  29850:40
That is, that is legit. That is the whole that's legit. Yeah, that's the real deal. I can turn on the fan if you want, like, literally, it's a bedroom, standing desk. Job, standing desk.

Speaker  33504:00
Yeah, are you standing all of your working or half, or

Speaker  34608:00
it's, like, probably half. And then I have, like, the kneeling one, the kneeling chair, where you, like, kneel on it. I mean, being a 37 year old dealing with, like, lower back pain, like, it's embarrassing.

Speaker  38101:20
So, like, so you're 50% on the kneeling chair, or is that like 25% and then it's

Speaker  39717:20
like 25% kneeling chair, 25% regular desk chair, and then mostly standing.

Speaker  41317:20
Because I think that what I should do is put my desk on standing when I leave work. So when I come in in the morning, I don't have a choice. But right? We should get started. So let me do the MDS slides. So this is going to be your reminder to use the app. So yes, some of the channels might have gone over to WhatsApp, but there's a lot of good channels still left on the app, particularly logistics, SEO ranking. There's loads on there. So make sure you're making good use of that, particularly, also the recordings. So you're going to see recordings from chapter events, all kinds of stuff that you couldn't a bit you couldn't have been in person, even if you wanted to. So make sure you check this out. Get get the app on your homepage. Okay. MDS extras, is this? Is this a relaunch? So if you joined recently, you probably have a lot of these extras included in your package. If you didn't, then you might want to check if you want some of them. So check that out on the app. Next up. Okay, get your tickets to inspire it's coming up now. Presentations are being finished off. Final arrangements are being made. So, yeah, don't miss out on Inspire. Sure. It's going to be lots of fun also, yeah, remember wanting to get your tickets for the Milan Summit, sort out your flights

Speaker  63178:40
Singapore. Buddy Singapore. Oh, sorry,

Speaker  63754:39
Singapore should be yes, the wrong slide. I'm like anchor man reading out the auto queue.

Speaker  65744:00
Yeah, don't, don't. He'll read whatever's put in front of him.

Speaker  67120:00
Yeah, I need all right, Singapore guys, Singapore event section of the app. Get it books, okay, yeah, join the WhatsApp. So for the MogulCall, it's just a broadcast channel. So if you are running out of time reading up all the AI WhatsApp, don't worry, the Mogul call one is not going to clutter up your WhatsApp. It's just just a couple of messages about the calls. Next up. Okay, part of spotlight Data Dive got best I think it's the best offer available, MDS, one month off, 20% off next up. Oh, the Inspire slide was one year late as well. So got a will improve on the MDS side. All right, so we'll start the official recording from here. Welcome back, Josh. So thank you. Thank you for agreeing for to come back. I really enjoyed your last presentation on hiring. So we've got you picked out five of your best for your second call. Hey.

Speaker  83296:00
Well, I'm looking forward to being back here, and it's fun to see so many friendly faces, same, same crew that I get to hang out with at all the events. And looking forward to seeing many of you at Inspire coming up. So looking forward to it all right? Well, let's

Speaker  87205:20
get, let's get straight into it. We've got five, five different topics to cover.

Speaker  88629:20
We've got, we've got some juicy tactics to kind of dive into today. So what I want to do here is like, I'll pause throughout and ask questions from you all. So you all are welcome to, like, dive in, chime in with like, your feedback, what's working, what's not working. And you may be asking, like, Josh, why are you doing this? You know, five ways to scale 100 million. You're true. It's I'm not $100 brand yet. Did last year. Our goal is to get to 100 million by 2030 and that's kind of like the premise of my podcast as well. It's just like, hey guys, like, if you want to follow my journey, these are the action items that I'm trying to implement in my own business to try to scale to get to that nine figure mark. So that's kind of like

Speaker  100176:00
the podcast agency.

Speaker  100656:00
Well, I don't there's no agency that sits behind this. It's just the brand.

Speaker  101749:20
It's Hadley designs. Is that, like you have a design agency, though, right?

Speaker  102597:20
No, that's the brand. Oh,

Speaker  103077:20
that is the design. Oh, okay, all right, so yeah, that's the podcast and the business. All right.

Speaker  104693:20
So all in, all in with the brand there, I have nothing to sell any of you ever. So other than my products. Go check out some of our educational tools. So anyways, but let's, let's dive on in today. All right. Is everybody seeing the screen? Good. Thumbs up. All right. Here we go. I'm going to start by saying this, look, guys, the entrepreneurial journey. Many of you guys, this is the roller coaster that we all probably live on, on a day to day basis, right? This is like in the morning, this is the afternoon, this is the evening, right? And we're just like, as an entrepreneur, we go through so many highs and lows, and you know, I'm happy to say that our brand right now I'm riding one of the highs, and it feels great. But I also want to start with this slide to say, Look, guys, I know some of you may be in that spot where you feel like you're at that low point, right, like I think I'm going to go bankrupt point. And if that's where you feel like you're at, I'm going to just like, give you a reassurance that if you never give up and you keep moving forward, business is just about staying in the game. How long can you stay in the game? Because, like, you're just, you're you're one strategic move away from your next breakout, and you never know what that's going to be and oftentimes, the best breakthroughs in your business always come when your back is up against the wall. And that's been the journey that I've been on. And many of you guys have seen I did, kind of the Tiktok presentation as well, and you kind of heard that story. And again, that's kind of like, that's where I was in 2024 right? 2024 I had kept riding the Amazon wave up until 2024 our brand started in 2016 and we just kept pumping out new product after new product after new product exclusively on Amazon. I had always heard of Shopify, and we had dabbled in it here and there. You know, Tiktok shop was new on the scene, but like 2024 hit, and I just had a massive amount of overseas competition, massive amount of overseas competition, and they're all just a starting to copy our products. Like it's within three to six months, I can count on it, somebody's going to be mimicking our product, and then they're going to slash the price in half, and we're more of a premium price brand. And like, it was the first time in 2024 that I was, like, my business model is going to die. Like I truly thought that I was going to go bankrupt. And there were a couple points where, like, we actually were on the verge of, like, counting the number of months that we had left to survive with our current cash flow if things did not change. And so as many of you have heard that story, where I was my back was up against the wall, and I was trying to figure out what is the next thing that I need to do. And for me, it was getting back onto Tiktok shop after working with an agency previously. And the agency sucked, right? And it was like, oh, Tiktok is not for your brand. And you know, it was nothing more than divine intervention, as I'll call it, that led me back to, like, figuring out Tiktok shop myself. That was great. We started to have success on Tiktok shop. But here's part of the story that I've never told anybody else. Okay, so we had virality on Tiktok shop. Within the first month, things begin to look up. But like, we're still sitting on massive amounts of inventory, still trying to recover our best seller rankings. And, like, I still knew that, like the Amazon, the way that we all used to launch and sell products on Amazon, like it's changing dramatically with all the overseas competition and just driving down market prices. It got to a point where my worst fears hit me right in the face in June of 2024, and this was a, this was a whole host of issues. We received, the dreaded review manipulation violation threat from Amazon saying, Hey, we believe you manipulated reviews and we're going to shut down your account in the next seven days. Okay, this comes on the heels of I was currently at my grandma's funeral, and my wife literally the exact same day we were leaving to my grandma's funeral. And I received news of this. My wife's mother passed away unexpectedly. Okay, one of the hardest times I've ever had in business. One of the hardest times ever my back was up against a wall. I truly felt like this was the end. And so I'm sharing this story with all of you to say we are all going to go through hard times, and I know I will continue to go through hard times, especially as we continue to scale to $100 million now, to make a very long story short, again, by divine intervention, Amazon comes back seven days later and says, whoops are bad. There's no review manipulation. You're good to go. But as many of you know, like, if you're called for review manipulation, like getting out of that, like that doesn't happen, and oftentimes you're having to pull all of your inventory, whatever it is like, I knew that if I had to pull all of my inventory, we were going to go bankrupt. It was going to cost us 600 700,000 if we were to, like, have a removal order for all of our inventory and FBA. And so what I will say is, through this darkest time of 2024 the first six months of the year were, frankly, like hell for me and what we went through. But from that, I have made strategic decisions and changes into our business and implemented one of the most important changes that has happened is implementing a true leadership team on the team. Okay, I have senior leaders that run the business so that when my back's up against the wall in the future, I actually have like, strategic brain power that sits alongside me, not just a bunch of VAs doing what I tell them to do. So who am I first and foremost? I'm a man of faith, husband to a beautiful wife and father of four. Right now we are multi million seller on multiple sales channels. So Amazon, Shopify, TikTok shop both of those multi millions. Obviously the majority of that, 70% of our sales coming through Amazon. And host of the Ecom breakthrough podcast where I share my journey of scaling to nine figures. So here are the five hacks that I'm going to share with you that we've implemented into our business to turn it into what I believe is required in order to truly turn your brand into not just a fun passive income or side business project, but a true business that is operating on systems and processes that allows you to sit in the owner seat and not sit in the CEO seat of having to do the thing while working on the business at the same time. And by the way, make sure you stay till the end, because you're not going to believe the results we're getting from the final hack that I share with you here. So there's my enticement for y'all to stay a little bit All right, so Hack number one, how many of you are tired of your team members coming to you with problems and asking you for the solution instead of them being self sufficient? Go ahead, raise their hands. Put in the comments. Does anybody else deal with this

Speaker  234885:19
happens for us, yeah? Someone's called monkeys, yeah, Heather maple,

Speaker  237018:40
there's a few, few comments, few other people resonate. This was, this was kind of the majority of my problem. I've always had a good hiring system, and through that, we have uncovered some really, really good talent. But for a lot of the team members that I had set up, a lot of them were just like taking the tasks that I had given them, and I wasn't giving them the ability to think strategically. They always kept coming to me for like, hey, this happened. What do you want to do here? And so here is the one thing that we changed in our business that truly has had a fundamental shift in the culture of our brand and the team members are now operating with what in a way that all of you I know would want your team members operating, taking the initiative, being proactive, solving problems, even before they get put to in front of me. So here's what it is. Here's how to empower your team members with responsibility and to slash your decision fatigue. It's called implementing the 1311 process. All right, so here's the 1311 process that we've implemented almost as like a core value in our business. So number one, anytime somebody faces an issue or a problem, okay, they're going to first state the problem. Number two, they're going to provide three possible solutions. The nice part is, with the advancement of AI, right? I mean, they can go and use AI to, like, flesh out these ideas. So you're not just getting, like, when I first implemented this, you know, before our team was widely using chat and things like that, I could see that I could get some, like, surface level answers and solutions. But now, with AI like, they're coming to me with much better solutions that are actually vetted and pretty darn comprehensive, much better than I would ever be able to dream up on my own, especially like off the cuff. Okay, number three, they're going to take that, they're going to recommend one of those three solutions and why. And then the last thing, because many of me, many of you, have maybe heard the 1311 before. It's not a new thing. I didn't invent this, but it's described how we can prevent a similar issue in the future. So it's not just about like, hey, how do we band aid this current issue we're resolving? It's great. What's the lesson learned here? And how does this apply across all the other tasks and responsibilities that you have? All right, so this is, like the core value that we've basically embedded this under. So what our top core value for our business is Extreme Ownership, and in that it says, you know, we follow the 1311, process, team members should feel empowered to make decisions, not relying on leaders to make every decision for them. When a problem arises, a team member presents three possible solutions and recommends a solution to their leader and how they can prevent it from happening again, they then own the results of that decision. And so what often my email inbox was just flooded with like problem, problem, problem, problem problem, Josh, what do you want to do here, here, here, here. What I get now is, Hey, Josh, this happened. Here's three different ways that I think we could solve this. I'm recommending this particular solution. What do you think? And then, by the way, here's how I think we could prevent something like this from ever happening again, right? And then all I have to do my emails went from all right, let me take 30 minutes to go figure out the solution to great love it. And in two minutes, I'm giving somebody like the approval to say, love those ideas. Actually, here's an extra idea. As I read through this solution, you should also test X, Y and Z at the same time. What this allows you to do is it's going to do two things. Yes, it's going to cut down your decision fatigue, but most importantly, you're quickly, quickly, quickly going to be able to identify the future leaders of your business through this, right? Because you're basically getting reps every single time somebody presents an issue or a problem in your business, you get to see the way that they're strategically thinking. So what do you think my leaders that are now leading other teams, I'm confident in how they're going to lead, because they've been implementing this all along, and I've been seeing when a when an issue is presented, how they're going to solve it. I like the way they think, they think holistically. It's not just about the here and now. They also can see a year from now, and like, what are the dominoes that get knocked over at the same time, if I do X, Y or Z. And so you're looking for people that you can trust that like, hey, 90% of the time when John comes to me with a problem, I agree with his solution and his recommended solution. That's what you're looking for to build that stack of experience and knowledge capital for yourself that when the time is right, to elevate them to a leader. You've got this sitting behind that. And obviously there have been other team members where maybe it's the majority of the time, maybe it's more than 50% of the time, you're having to say no that that none of those solutions work. Here's the direction we need to go. And frankly speaking, those have been the team members that we end up exiting off of the team because it's like you're just not getting it. And I've been able to provide you feedback after feedback, but you're still not getting it. So that's kind of hack number one. It's truly changed the culture of the business. But I think the most important thing in order for you to grow you get you have to get out of doing the administrative work and fighting all the little fires. Look, there's always going to be a dumpster fire in your business. It's if you spend your time just trying to put out little fire after little fire after little fire like you don't have time to work on the strategic growth of your business. And that's been the biggest game changer for me. 80% of my time week over week now is now just spent on where are we going next year? What's the new sales channel? How are we increasing or doubling or tripling the existing sales channels here on TikTok, shop or Shopify, and who are the team members that are going to lead that to get to those, those aggressive goals that we have. So I'll pause for questions, comments. You guys tracking with this. Anybody else implemented anything similar in their own business?

Speaker  344485:20
We've done this a couple of times, but I find that a year or two later, the bad habits will start to creep back in. So I think we could do it for refresh. Charles, go ahead.

Speaker  348058:40
So you, you saying, Get out of the day to day. The question becomes, what do you farm out? Do you farm out to an agency? Do you farm out to a freelancer and just build up SOPs, and then, how do you measure the ROI

Speaker  353456:00
from the team member? Yeah, specifically, yeah. Let me share with you one other thing. This is a great question, really good question. I've got a separate slide for you here.

Speaker  360421:20
It's the second time I'm hearing this in 12 hours. That's why I was like, I said, I'm like, holy crap.

Speaker  361893:20
Like, I said, it's nothing new, but you know, to Jamie's point, like, look, this isn't new or shiny, but what I am telling you is, like, if you're adamant about drilling this into the culture of your business, it can become game changing for you, but it's only good as to like you keeping people accountable. So like, when people present a problem to me, I don't like I will my executive assistant kicks it immediately back to them right now to say, like, Bring me your three possible solutions in your recommendation and how we prevent this from happening again. Josh won't read this until you send that right, like, that's the level of like, I like. We ain't just talking about this just because it's cute and fun to say. This is like, this is real. This is how we actually want to operate. I'm pulling this up right now. Okay, right here. Why your business stays stuck or flat? Right here? So, Charles, I think this answers your question, where most where

Speaker  377445:19
you're not seeing your screen?

Speaker  377845:19
Oh, hold on. Slide looks good on my side. I'm just kidding. I didn't click the share button, all right. So this is like the inverted pyramid of value. Okay? You want to sit in these bottom two buckets, three and four, where you're focused on the growth engines or you're focused on the strategic value creation. Okay? So this is like new product ideas, adding new sales channels, new new geographic markets, you know, email, back end, etc. There's so many things that you could do to grow revenue. Here's why most entrepreneurs get stuck in the what I call like the swamp, which is like one to $5 million right? How many Amazon brands do we all know that? Like, they're sitting at that seven figure mark, it's like one to $5 million like, it's great. You've obviously proven like a product market fit, but it's getting out of that swamp to where you can actually have leaders in your business that begin running it, so that you can then look at like, hey, what's my path to eight figures? Right? That's kind of like the breakthrough. So what does that mean? Most of the time, when an entrepreneur comes to me, this is where they're stuck doing this, they are still the person processing payroll. They are still the person, like, on occasion, handling customer service. Most people are pretty good at handing that over to a VA, right? But they're still involved, like the VA is coming to them with problems, right? And then you're having to be like, Oh, how do we want to troubleshoot this customer service issue? I genuinely do not know. The last time my customer service team ever came to me to like, help resolve any issues. Like, over the last, like, two years, I genuinely cannot think of a time, and that's because they fall under a leader, and one of those leaders I trust implicitly. So it just, it's not boiling up to me at this point. PPC, bids, right there. You're just stuck in the admin and busy work. The next level is like, these are good. These are good things to be doing to tighten your your business right. It's reducing your shipping costs, Renegotiating unit costs with your manufacturers, tightening your ad spend and bids right, automating repetitive back end tasks for accounting, customer service, improving your inventory forecasting. Those are good things, and they are essential, right? If you do those things incorrectly, like you can start going down a really wrong direction. However, if that's where you spend 80% of your time, 90% of your time every week and buckets number one and two, this is why you get stuck in that swamp, right? Because there are no external growth levers that you're focused on to really help you bust through that path. And the reason why I call it the swamp is because you've proven product market fit. You know that there is profit. You're obviously making money. It's your full time thing at this point, but you don't have enough money to go find, like, you're not going to go hire, like, a six figure director of ops or director of ecommerce for your brand at that point, right? You're like, oh, I have profit, but maybe not like, six figures plus worth of profit that I want to pay an overhead to somebody else. And so it's the swamp, because you have two alternatives. You take on actual debt, which is lowering your profit margins, right? And take in adding on that six figure type person, which arguably doesn't have to be six figures, but it's finding somebody that's very, very competent, right? Or it is. You roll up your sleeves, and you're working you're working yourself out of the swamp, which is 5060, hour week work weeks, but ensuring that the majority of your time is now shifting to these growth engines and strategic value creation. So Charles like, here's the here's the thing, I would say you asked about ROI. The ROI turns more into your opportunity cost, Charles, you're the most expensive guy on your team. Bar none your your hourly rate is probably at least $500 an hour, right? So if you can hire, if I can go hire accounting virtual assistant, an executive assistant, to help me sift through my emails, whatever that is, even if I'm paying them 20 bucks an hour, right? And most, most of the time you're going to get somebody for 56789, that's great. But, like, the arbitrage is massive. Charles the ROI doesn't necessarily come from your VA or your EA, doing your emails, it turns into, what does Charles do now with his time? Do you now take that time if you now have 10 hours free this week because you're no longer having to do your emails, do you now spend all 10 of those hours on growth activities, or do you then go get sucked into more operational Optimizations or other admin busy work. So if you can shift your time specifically, that's where the breakthroughs come through. Does that make sense? Charles, yes, sir. All right. Good. Any other questions before we move on. Is this tracking with anybody?

Speaker  465183:59
Is the three one? Sorry, the 1311, is that from buyback your time? I thought I saw that little book there on that.

Speaker  466800:00
Yeah, Dan Martell has it. It's also, it's, it's pretty common knowledge across many but, yeah, Dan Martell talks about it there too. So again, the hack is not necessarily like, Hey, this is groundbreaking things. What I am saying, though, is like, this makes a difference if you actually, like, truly adopt it in your business.

Speaker  473141:20
Cool. All right,

Speaker  473573:20
let's go. Number two.

Speaker  474101:20
Number two, here we go. All right, has anybody ever struggled with knowing whether you should keep a team member or let them go? Or ever struggled trying to keep your team members accountable? And do you want team members to know exactly when they are winning or losing? Show of hands. Yeah, this is tracking David.

Speaker  479050:40
Then you probably should let them go. But

Speaker  479786:40
if you're if you're asking that question, you're probably leaning more towards like you should probably be letting them go most more often than not. But here's the challenge, right? Oftentimes, it's because you've just sent them off into La La Land, and you haven't followed up with them in the last like month, right? When was the last time you actually sat down and had one on one conversation with this person. Maybe they're just not performing because they're over and working on something you never wanted them working on to begin with. Okay, so let's talk about how we do this in our business. So this is called the impact performance analyzer. Okay, really, I'm looking at fit and effectiveness. Okay, do you fit this role? Do you have the technical expertise? And then effectiveness is also going to be like, are you actually driving the results? Okay? And then, so ultimately, we want to enable excellence right where it's like, they are capable, and they are actually doing the thing, and they are they're running right, anything in that yellow is like, All right, we got to have our moments where we realign together and get moving in the right direction. And then, if it's like, complete inaptitude and also a lack of driving things forward, that's when it's like, a clear release to the market. So how do we make this just like, super straight easy for you as the business owner and the team member. And here's my here's the biggest thing nobody likes to have the conversations of letting somebody go. I don't love doing it. I don't think anybody like thrives on it. If you do interesting, you're probably a great HR manager. But I don't but guess what? We've done by implementing this, most of the team members that are not good fits, like, I can tell you I have personally let go, like, I've had conversations to say this is not going to fit with team members over the last two years, three at the most, and we have 35 team members right now. So three is, like, the total number over the last two years that I've actually had to, like, exit the business. Now we also have another, like, four or five people that I did not have to have the conversation with, that exited on their own. And that is what you're looking for, right? You want people that, like, they get that they're not meeting like the culture and your expectations, and they're voluntarily going to go to their next opportunity, and it's no surprise, but this is what sets this like stage for them, understanding whether, whether they're winning or losing, okay, and this is why it doesn't like even when they leave, I'm never surprised that they leave. They leave because, like, I've held their butt to the fire, and now they're like, Oh yeah, I don't like this. I think I need to start looking elsewhere. And we've already started making moves to go acquire additional talent elsewhere. Anyways, so what does that look like? This is called the impact performance analyzer. So for each core value, you're going to rank team members on a scale of one to five, which goes back to if you don't have core values in your business. And you're like, you, all of your team members should be able to rattle off your core values, like, immediately. And I would say like, in order to do that, you should have a three, three core values, maximum of five. My core values are extreme, ownership, relentless innovation and integrity above all. Okay? That provides the guiding framework for business, business decision making and how we expect all of our team members to operate. Okay? So you're going to rank them on a scale of one to five for each of the core values, number two, the impact performance analyzer, about effectiveness, okay, so quality, productivity, the results that they're producing, okay? Score them on one to five. Okay? And here's basically the email that we send to the team members. Okay, you can take screenshot of this, but we basically send out an email and we say, hey, I want you to score yourselves on all of our core values. Okay, I also want you to score yourselves on your effective effectiveness and driving results and your overall performance give me a score of one to five. Okay? And then basically what we do is we have the member complete the spreadsheet first before me, or their director, whoever they report to, fills this out as well. So guess what happens when this when this happens, they're going to be more kind of, like open and honest, because they don't see your score yet. They don't see where they may be falling behind or not like you. You want to get a general sense, because here's here's where the concern comes from. Somebody thinks that they are just crushing it. They give themselves a five, and you give them a one or two, that's where you have, like, massive misalignment, and that's why this meeting. What you're going to do is now you're going to complete this spreadsheet. Okay, before you complete the spreadsheet, you're going to hide their scores. That's the secret hack, so that you don't have like an you have an unbiased opinion. You're not looking at their scores at all. But then you want to give specific examples, and then you're going to set up a call with this team member, and you're going to say, hey, we're going to go over this, and we're going to discuss and make sure that we are aligned on our core values, your performance and your KPI's, and how you've been like, producing results or the lack thereof for the business, and that's how you basically determine if they're still a good fit. So if you have somebody scoring, you can see here it's like, if your fit score and your your effectiveness score is four or above, you're over here in this green box. If you're ever in the yellows, that's where it's like, hey, we need to there's a plan for alignment and growth. Doesn't mean you're bad. Doesn't mean we can't get there. But I am going to tell you, like, look, even my senior team members, right? It's not like, every single one of them is like, oh, it's fives across the board. It's like, no, there's always feedback. And then I open it up for feedback about myself. Like, what could I do better as a leader? Again, guys, this all comes down to, like, for me, scaling to nine figures doesn't come from me, like, working harder myself and pushing everything forward. It comes from enabling really, really, really smart people. Okay, and so this is, this is what we do have that conversation with them. This is kind of like that plan for alignment and growth document. I have, like, a template that you guys could fill out as well and use that as, like a talking point. And then at the end of the conversation, we agree on, like, hey, next time we meet, in four to six months, what are you going to be working on? And then, guess what? In four to six months, we'll come back, revisit it. We'll redo the scores and see where they're at. And obviously, somebody that's making progress like that's good, that's what I want to see. If somebody is like, receding and going backwards, that's when I know it's time for me to make a change, right? And also that's when I'm going to hold them that much more accountable, hold their butt to the fire, and that's oftentimes where they start to break thoughts, questions, tracking with this. We repeat it every four to six months.

Speaker  600533:20
Do most team members tend to overestimate their scores, or are they generally about right? If they're good,

Speaker  603322:40
most of them are pretty honest with themselves, and you'll find more humility. So like a lot of, like, a lot of fours and or and a rare five, but I don't have a lot of team members that are like, ones or twos, right? Like most people will will put themselves as fours or threes, and that's about it.

Speaker  609600:00
So you're setting quite a high bar for a five then, for

Speaker  610416:00
sure. Yeah. So

Speaker  611056:00
if someone's four is all around you, you're happy,

Speaker  611824:00
yeah, for sure. And also, there's oftentimes where I am going to score them a five, where they score themselves maybe a four, right? And I'm going to let them know, by the way, I think you're crushing it. Guys like your team members just want to know when they're winning or losing. At the end of the day, most team members have no freaking idea what you think about them, and that's why you struggle with like, why don't they do more? It's like, because they have no idea what you want from them. This reas, this resets their expectations. What my expectations are with them, and the KPI's that we have, I'm actually going to there's a question, John, go ahead,

Speaker  622714:40
yeah, before you, before you move on, do you have a team? Do you do you have a team of vas? And if you do, do you use the same scoring and methodology to sort of to accomplish what your goals are?

Speaker  626720:00
Yeah, 80% of our teams in the Philippines, I have a couple people in Mexico, and I have a three team members here in the US. I don't consider anybody on my team a VA. They're all like, full team members, even even like, go ahead.

Speaker  632021:20
No, I'm sorry for interrupting, but you use, I mean, and as you're speaking, great thought provoking content. I mean, for me, I can see using this methodology with our US people, sure, but there seems to be sort of a cultural and expectation disconnect with the overseas teams. So I'm just curious kind of your experiences with them. Yeah.

Speaker  637994:40
So I love my team overseas. Love them. Two people on my team are, like nearly executive level people, like senior leadership, quality. These people are making near six figures over in the Philippines, okay, which means they're, they might as well be millionaires over there. I get it. They're, they're that good. I would put them up against anybody in the US. They will run circles around them. Does the US have a captive market or a monopoly on human intellect? I call BS to that, right? It now just comes down to like there's smart people everywhere in the world, and being a remote first organization, I don't have to have a physical location, so I get a poach talent from the smartest places anywhere in the world. That's my strategic advantage, right? So that's why I say we don't hire vas, quote, unquote, we hire team members that join our team, and John. Ultimately, this comes down to like, as soon as they join the team, this is the expectation from day one, when they're onboarded. We let them know, Hey, by the way, in four to six months, we're going to have a performance alignment check, and we do this on repeat. Everybody on the team does this, so it's more about like you, setting the culture and actually implementing this and holding people accountable more than anything. Awesome.

Speaker  660656:00
All right. Great. Thank you. Do you have any recommendations on where you get your VAs,

Speaker  662053:20
yes, go check out the hiring breakdown video that I did with Jamie. When was that Jamie? It's probably six months. Four months ago,

Speaker  664693:20
November, September or something. Yeah, if you search for Josh in the video section of MDS, you should find it was really good.

Speaker  666757:20
Yep, I have a whole and I have a whole, like, hour and a half long breakdown on my podcast as well that, like, goes into in depth detail what I do to go find good talent, perfect. Thank you. Great questions. So real quick, and I know we're going to be running up on time. I'm going to, I'm gonna move real quick through this. We'll come back to this. I'm not gonna skip it. But this, okay, this goes back to like, this is in that other video recording slide, but like, this is what most people overlook. Okay, we just talked about like, holding people accountable and having KPI's. More often than not, I find that people do not have KPI's set for each of their team members, and if you don't have a KPI set for your team member, it's like you're playing a game of basketball and nobody's keeping score. It's like you went to an NBA game and nobody's keeping score. There's no scoreboard. You're just watching guys run up and down the court and make shots. How fun is that? It's less fun, right? It's not not fun, but it's just less fun. So guess what? If you want your team members to actually, like, move the ball and know when they're winning or losing, you have to have KPI's for every single role. This is why, every four to six months, we do that alignment, so that it's like, oh, by the way, here's your KPI's. Remember these? How are you doing on these? Okay, by the way, little little tidbit for if you come to inspire, I'm going to be showing the CEO scorecard. This is the dashboard that I look like that I look at every Monday to know whether my team members in their roles are hitting their KPI's or not. And I'll be sharing how you could build your own. But here's the key thing, you need to create a role profile with KPI's in 60 seconds compared to four hours. And I'll show you how I've basically automated that with my custom GPT. So back in the day, I would literally take four hours to fill out this document of what's your scorecard, using chat GPT to create some inspiration. What does success look like in this role? What are the 20% of tasks that drive 80% of the results? What's the regular work activities they should be doing? Etc, etc, right? Like this is just like you're setting up the role as you want it to be performed. Okay? List the requirements, etc. So this, at the end of the day, would take me about four hours to, like, start to finish, to actually build out, put together a custom GPT. This gets done in under 60 seconds. And what it's going to do is it's going to overcompensate and give you 20 KPI's. It's not that you have 20 KPIs to measure that team member. You choose and pick three or five of the top KPI's. So this is the fastest way, even so a if you have existing team members that don't have KPI's that need them, do it. Number two, if you're hiring for a new role and need some KPI's, this will help, like, exponentially, expedite the process for you. Okay, but this is where the foundation starts. Like, if you don't have this document, that is like, here's your role, here's my expectations of you. You don't even need to have those plans for alignment, because it's like, what are you aligning them towards something in your head, right? Like, get your ideas of what your expectations are, of them written down, and that's when the plan of alignment and growth comes into play. Here makes sense?

Speaker  723184:00
Yeah, this is the KPI's. Is the one thing for me, EOS and in general, I've just never managed to get good KPI's For every team member. I've always found it the hardest thing.

Speaker  725861:20
Yep, use chat gpts for your inspiration. All right, we've got 1515, minutes left, and I've got some some juicy stuff to go through. So I'm gonna go through quick so that we could at least give like, five minutes for some Q A here at the end. All right, here's my favorite one, Rich. I think I've shared some of this with you previously, but it's improve your cash flow without any loans. Take up to 90 days to pay for your Amazon ad charges. Okay, here's how we're doing it. Step number one, ask Amazon ad support to increase your billing threshold to 10,000 bucks. That way you're not being billed every $500 which is like the standard, okay, by the way, has anybody ever got more than $10,000 I'm just curious.

Speaker  738592:00
Yeah, I did get from 500 to $10,000 which is great,

Speaker  739936:00
yeah, if anybody has more than $10,000 that's a massive unlock. And I would love to hear what you did, because this is why it's a massive unlock. Make sure you're paying your ads with your credit card. Open up multiple credit card accounts. Okay, we'll talk about this a little bit more, but you want multiple credit cards. Okay? And secret hack down here at the end, you want to open the cards on different days of the month. If you have AmEx, they could actually change your statement start dates for you. So you could just reach out to their support to do that as well. Okay, step number four document when your credit card statement begins, for example, the fourth of the month. All right? So as you can see, the statement's going to start February 3, closes on March 3. All right, you're going to need this information. Step number five process, the charges within the first one to five days of the statement start date. This basically is going to give you approximately 55 days until cash leaves your business, your bank account. Okay, I cannot emphasize more that like this is the secret unlock, not just the ads itself, but the cash conversion cycle is the secret unlock in ecommerce period. Bar none, flat out, if you that is one of the strategic value levers in that growth pyramid that I showed Charles earlier. Down there at the very bottom comes down to, like, your cash conversion cycle. Is it negative or is it positive? Because if you could basically flip, flip the equation, like, let's talk about this scenario here. You're going to spend a crap ton of ads beginning Black Friday, right for the holiday season. Guess what? If you have a bunch of credit cards ready to go, that you actually the money for those ads does not leave your bank account until the end of January, or if you use the AMEX plum card doesn't even leave your bank account to close to 90 days, which would be the end of February. Amazon's already paid you for all of those sales at that point. Okay, but most entrepreneurs are stuck with like, cash is leaving and you're cutting back your ad spend because you're like, I don't have money in my bank account to fund that. Fund this. I'm waiting till January when all the money comes in. It's like, it's true so like, this is why this flips everything on its head. Okay, so statement start date, I only want to charge my credit cards on the first one to five days after that. I never spend on that credit card again until the next statement start date, okay? And Amex plum card will give you 90 days until cash leaves because as net 60 payment terms. Now, the downside on this, you're not accumulating points, so you've got to weigh the reward versus like your cash flow constraint. But I've used this when our back's been up against a wall. This is a card I've used to be like, Oh, I can see the money, but I'm not going to get it until a couple months from now. Here's how you float that, okay, without needing to take a loan. Guys, if you're actually taking loans or, like, pay advancements from Amazon or any of the stupid lenders, like it means there's something broken in your business model. Okay? Here's basically what we do. Step six, have an EA rotate through your different credit cards daily and weekly to maximize rewards and cash flow. So really what my finance team will do, they say they'll send it over to my executive assistant, who plots this on my calendar. Monday, Josh, because sadly, I don't know why Amazon does this. The only person who can change the credit card is the actual like, admin account. Stupid. It just is what it is. But I they log it like I have a task. First thing in the morning I have to go update it to this credit card. Takes me, you know, 60 seconds to go do that, and I know that that credit card is at the beginning of its statement start date. And so that's essentially what we've done. We've got, this is a snapshot of some of our credit cards, and we can see, like, here's the billing period, here's how much of the bonus that we've used of the 3x at 150k in ad spend. And so we're constantly, just like cycling through these cards constantly. The primary focus, yes, I want the cash back. That's great, but the primary focus is the cash conversion cycle and improving that. I want money coming into my bank account faster than it's leaving, and that's what this does. Here's a list of those credit cards that we use. Again. I'm not going to go into too much detail of these. The best one right now, obviously, Chase Sapphire for business, reserve for business. 3x bonus on all ad spend. We are juicing that thing. I've got two cards that I've opened up for that one. It's difficult getting more, but we've got two there. Okay, now, here's the here's the last piece of this hack. We do the same thing for supplier invoices. Okay, we use Melio, and we will also use plastic to either or they're interchangeable to pay our manufacturers, so the manufacturer still gets paid via wire transfer or ACH, whatever. That's all good, but I want to pay them with my like. I'm going to use one of my Capital One cards that has a 2.5% cash back reward on it, okay? Or I'm going to use one of my Chase Inc Business Premier cards that is 2.5% cash back for any spend that's greater than $5,000 Great. Well, you're going to be you're going to now come back to me and say, but then you're charged a 3% fee. That's true. But guess the magic? Guess what? Magic sits behind all of this? Basically, this now becomes tax free income for yourself. So let's say I need to pay my manufacturer 20,000 bucks. Okay? I'm going to be charged the 2.9% fee, which is going to be $580 okay, my cash back, I'm going to get at 2.5% is $500 however, this is what most people miss, the tax write off this $580 is an expense. It's an expense to the business. So that gets added as an expense line item to my business. Okay, this $500 does not come in as income. This is like, I guess the IRS just shakes its head at credit card rewards, which is great, but like that comes straight to me. So this like I am just arbitraging, especially with the tax write offs, right? So this is saving me $174 just on taxes. I'm gonna get the money. I'm not losing $580 the money is just shifting from me, or, sorry, from the business, to me personally, ultimately, tax free. That's the hot that's the hack. The total benefits are worth $706 for you. Yes, you paid $580 for that financial arbitrage. But here's the reason why. Okay, your cash conversion cycle, imagine having standard, your standard, 30% upfront payment terms, 70% do it shipping. You can see what happens is like you pay for inventory before you ever sell the goods and before you definitely collect the cash. That's why ecommerce can be so challenging. This is what happens if you layer on this credit card hacks in addition to getting more favorable payment terms. So imagine getting, like, super favorable payment terms with your manufacturer, net 120 day payment terms, which, by the way, is possible, and 5055, days of free credit on credit cards. This is what happens in our business right now. We collect cash before we ever pay for the inventory. That's how you can scale infinitely. That's how get scaling to nine figures. Is not a Ooh, you're going to have to take out a bunch of money to go get a loan to go fund inventory. It's like, no, it's already built into the system. That is the secret unlock for ecommerce brands. Okay, here's different like positive levers, negative levers that can impact your cash conversion cycle. We're gonna, we are definitely running out of time on this one. I'm gonna just leave this with you. Here's basically what we're doing on creator connections, which has been awesome, helps us, like crush, our product launches. You can see some of our recent stats. There 62k spent through creator connections, $335,000

Speaker  882735:59
in sales. The magic is kind of like sitting within the survey, within our Creator connection campaigns. What we want people to do is we want creators to fill out the survey, and they ultimately join our email list. We then send them through a bunch of automated emails to follow up with them, make sure they actually post about our products. We have them sign up for levanta so that we can actually track their performance, because Amazon, being Amazon, doesn't want to give you the individual performance by creator so they keep that hidden. And Levanta actually is able to help show us the data from these creators, whether they're actually driving conversions or not. But I believe right now is we're it like the this is the creator gold rush right now, between TikTok shop and creator connections, I'm trying to build a massive affiliate list, massive. The more people I can have talking about my products, the better. And so what I'm doing is like, I don't just use the Creator connection campaigns to just get traffic and be like, Oh, great. That worked for today. It's like, I want emails. I want phone numbers so that I can add this person to my database, so that when we launch a new product, I don't have to create a new creator connection campaign. I can, if I want to, but I've got a list of 5000 creators that I can hit up and say, go, here's the new product. So again, if you guys, I know we've got, we're running quickly up on time with all of this. We'll leave it for some questions. And if, if you guys would like, I've got a copy of these slides and all of these templates that you guys could use, and I've got a QR code

Speaker  911210:40
email off the slide so that we could add into the recording. I would appreciate that. Josh, that'd be great. We'll do that

Speaker  913424:00
three minutes for Q and A's what

Speaker  914016:00
questions you guys got?

Speaker  915312:00
Hey, Josh, you are sending out a replay, right? Yeah.

Speaker  916383:59
So it'd be, it'll be on the app tomorrow. Oh, okay, all right, great, yeah. MDS app tomorrow.

Speaker  918293:20
I've got a comment and a question. Go ahead, rich, yeah, Josh told me about this whole Cash Conversion Cycle strategy of his about a year ago, and it's just had a major, major it's been a game changer for my business. So thank you, Josh for that. I can definitely validate what he's talking about,

Speaker  923322:40
you're doing the ads and the suppliers, or just both.

Speaker  924170:40
I've got a spreadsheet very similar to what he just shared with all my gold cards staggered. And you know when the when the statement cycle opens up, we apply that card, and then with the suppliers, same thing. I mean, mostly using the chase cards to pay suppliers through Plastiq as close to the opening cycle date as possible. And so there's just way more cash in our business. It's way safer. It's a game changer. My question, Josh, it does it seems like it does have to be you, the primary seller, Central account holder, to change those PPC cards. Am I right?

Speaker  933877:20
Sadly, it's true.

Speaker  934261:20
Do you unless anyone's found a way around that, they'll be very popular in MDS, yeah,

Speaker  935333:20
I do not let anybody log into my master account. It's just, it's not worth the risk, and it takes me 60 seconds to do that for whatever reason, Amazon's really good at like, user permissions, other than that one particularly So, yeah,

Speaker  939370:40
I think unless you've got a family member in the same IP address or something, you it's not worth having someone else log in.

Speaker  941322:40
Yeah, thanks, guys. Great presentation, Great.

Speaker  942458:40
Glad it helped you. Rich. That's more important than anything. I'm not just talking out out my butt here. I Yeah, last one. Thank Charles. Alrighty.

Speaker  945504:00
I'll take it. Why do you charge your PPC to the to the Sapphire card at 3% instead of a gold

Speaker  947472:00
to the Sapphire reserve? I wrote like, I have so much PPC spin. I've got like 15 different gold cards right now that, like, I max them out so and for me, it's I max out the bonus amount specifically,

Speaker  951429:20
right? And you and you wouldn't open more.

Speaker  952181:20
I do. I try to open up more every, like six months,

Speaker  953429:20
and they cap you.

Speaker  954117:20
I've heard eventually they cap you, like around 20, but I continue to open them between my wife and I and then family members. Okay? So yeah, and I think the chase points are even more valuable, personally speaking, than the AMEX ones. But at the end of the day, the reward points are just bonuses. They're not like this is all about cash conversion cycle period. This. That's the game changing aspect of your business. Yeah.

Speaker  961904:00
I mean, unless you get a I look at them as conversion for cash back. That's why. Yep, I got you.

Speaker  964992:00
I put the feedback form in the chat. So if you guys could just click on that, it's just a net promoter. Score, quick score out of 10. So appreciate, appreciate that.

Speaker  967413:19
Hold on. I am going to share. Give me one sec. I am going to share, and then I've got a jump. I've got another call my team. Okay, this is what you guys are all looking for. Scan that QR code.

Speaker  972906:39
All right, if you are watching the recording, then the notes should be with the recording, yep.

Speaker  974346:39
But if you do this, like the templates are in there. So like all the Google Docs, the templates spreadsheets, all of those are in there. So you're going to want to fill that out

Speaker  976672:00
brilliant guys, and if you could, yeah, just give us a quick score out of 10 on the form that I put in the chat. I always appreciate that. All right, thanks, Josh. We'll get you back in later on the year.

Speaker  979407:59
Sounds good. Good to see y'all see you guys in Vegas. Thanks. You.
