MDS Expert Call with Atom11
Date: January 13, 2026

Speaker  00:00
Know, the holidays and a lot of people are still catching up with a lot the presentation is going to be on our provider page, on your profile, so people will be able to access it on a different time, which might work better for them.

Speaker  4640:00
Oh, absolutely, yeah. I think, yeah. Okay, cool.

Speaker  8149:20
Oh, well, Tony is here. And you know, would love to just ask you Tony, you know, if you've used AMC before, if you're planning to,

Speaker  10725:20
honestly and thankfully, I hardly push any buttons inside of Seller Central or Amazon. I have different teams to do that, but I'll often just kind of hop on some of these and troll for any nuggets that I think might be interesting information and see if my team's not already doing it. So I know the team's been toying with AMC since it became more available to all sellers, very interesting of how you kind of build very specific audiences, seeing some of the presentations at different, you know, events over the last six to nine months has been super cool. But I'm typically just, yeah, like I said, trolling for, you know, good nuggets to feed to the team and say, Hey, have you guys tried this, if not, here's, you know, where I heard the idea, kind of thing,

Speaker  22693:20
got it, got it. So I think in that case, I'll also tell you, you know, when I'm giving the presentation, I will talk about what you can share with your team, like, right away, and this is something that they aren't using almost tomorrow. Yeah, sweet. I

Speaker  28490:40
Belen, let me know when I should be starting.

Speaker  29498:40
Yeah, one more minute and we can we can start. I

Speaker  34990:56
it muted. Sorry, I was, I was asking if you have any sounds or like video with sound. No, okay, great, simple.

Speaker  37502:56
You know, I've just like, over time, I've learned to just

Speaker  38357:20
keep it simple. Yeah, it can be done. It's just you need to know how to because you've not just going to fail.

Speaker  40085:20
There's always a last minute glitch. So it's always better to just listen,

Speaker  41701:20
okay, amazing. I'm going to right now. Ah, I can present you, and then you can share your screen just one sec.

Speaker  46506:40
Okay, welcome everyone. We have Neha today from atom 11, she's gonna talk about how to beat competitors with Amazon Marketing Cloud. So thanks for being here. Hi.

Speaker  49888:00
Thank you so much, Belen, thank you so much for you know, mix of this conversation and having you here to everyone who's returning right after holidays. So yes, we are going to be talking about Amazon Marketing Cloud. And before we start, I'm going to be giving you guys a very quick introduction. Just give me one second. I want to share my screen. All

Speaker  57621:20
right, let's, let's start with a very quick introduction about me. So I am Neha. I am the co founder of atom 11. We are an Amazon ads automation software both me and my co founder, we are x Amazon. While I was at Amazon, I built Prime Video Ads. I've done product marketing for brand stores. I was an ad sales lead at one point with time 11. You know, we've been, we're an award winning company in Amazon ads. We were winner of beyond the funnel Amazon ads awards in 2024 we won AI innovation in 2025 and we were also finalists for challenger APAC in 2025 so the team is growing, becomes growing and doing amazing things. So definitely check out. You get some time I have. I love sharing my knowledge about advertising, about AMC and now also TSP, and I've been a speaker at multiple places. I've spoken at prosper twice ASG, teaching amazing weight, Amy Nordic, helium, 10 elite, with Kevin King, and now MDS so super excited. And I think one of the things that you can definitely expect when I'm talking is how I like to break down even the most complex topics into something that you can talk to your mom about. And that's exactly what I'm going to do today with Amazon Marketing Cloud. So today we're going to be talking about how you can use Amazon Marketing Cloud to beat your competitors. And when you walk out of this presentation, I think you will know how to create an Amazon Marketing Cloud strategy, an audience strategy. But more than that. What is AMC? How to use it to beat your competitors, understanding frameworks of creating good audiences according to your subcategory or according to your product, and then you will be walking away with a bonus giveaway. So with that, let me get started. So let's start with what is Amazon Marketing Cloud? You know, a lot of you might have gone through different presentations about Amazon Marketing Cloud, and the problem with the content which is out there today is that it is unnecessarily making AMC very, very confusing. So if you see the AMC definition on Web today, it says AMC is Amazon's clean room solution that allows advertisers to analyze anonymized event level data from customer interactions. And honestly, it lost me at clean room solution. So then, when I started learning about AMC, I kind of built my own definition. So AMC is an Excel sheet. It's it's one large Excel sheet which shows you the line by line record. So each row is a line, a line by line record of each customer who saw your ad and what did they do after it. So let's just make it into an into a diagram, right? So this is an Excel sheet where every customer who saw your ad is actually a line item in that Excel sheet. And you know, whatever they did after viewing your ad is this column, right? So for example, if customer number one came in you'd like clicked your ad and viewed your detail page. They're all different events that got registered in the AMC Excel sheet. Now not just is the event being recorded, but also the time at which I did that action and which ad did I see? All the details about me are being recorded, everything except my personal information, like so. Customer two came in, they viewed your ad, clicked your ad, viewed your detail page, viewed another detail page, and then added your product to Kat, but did not take any action, right? Customer number three just viewed your ad and purchased your product. Customer number four viewed your ad, click your ad and purchase your product, right? So like this, you have 100,000 to a million rows in your Amazon Marketing Cloud Excel sheet, which is telling you about what every single customer is doing after they come to your or have seen your ad. Now, when you have an Excel sheet which has 100,000 rows, how do you analyze this sheet? You create pivots. So you create a pivot to see how many customers are clicking my ad and not purchasing. How many customers are viewing my detail page twice and still not purchasing. How many customers are adding my product to Kat and still not purchasing? Or how many customers are searching for my competitors product, you know, searching for a specific keyword and they would have seen my ad right? Or how many customers what is the kind of time that they are spending in between viewing my ad and actually purchasing my product, right? So everything can be now analyzed by creating customer cohorts or by creating these pivots, basically, which is so natural to exceptions, right? So now, if you go back and read this definition, you will understand every single word. It's a clean room solution that allows advertisers, which is you and me, to analyze anonymize data. Anonymize means you don't have access to customer data event level data from customer interactions. So these are all event event one, event two, event three, event four and event five, he says event level data from these customer interactions, right? And now you also know what you can do with this data. The first thing that, like I said, you can do is actually create these reports. Now let's say if Amazon, you know, this is an Excel sheet, and I'm going to send you the capability of creating reports, you can't really action on this data. So why is it even, you know, a big deal. So Amazon actually goes one step ahead and gives you the opportunity to actually target these audience cohorts that you have created while creating these pivots, and either bid boost your ads to them, or show them specific ads on your sponsored ads and DSP, right? So now you can create different cohorts and say, for this specific cohort, I want to wait high or for this specific cohort, I want to show them a specific ad, right? So those are the two main things that you do with AMC. Of course, there's a lot more you know. You can do. Like I said, because it's an Excel sheet with so much data, you can do a lot more. But if you want to look at the two core users, then those would be it. I'm going to move forward to how can you use this to be your competitors? Now, there are three main things that you can do with the audiences that you create. VMC. One is you can increase your reach higher than what your competitor is currently doing. You can increase your conversions more than what your competitor is currently converting, which means much better spend efficiency and increasing your basket Size value. So now what we will do is that we will go through every single one of these points and see how to use these strategies, using Amazon Marketing Cloud. All right, so this is one of my favorite, favorite advertising strategies, and I will use it according to literally anyone's KPI. So for example, if your KPI is that I want to increase my new to brand what you do is you increase your reach with new to brand users by figuring out which isn't is giving you the most new to brand conversions. So Amazon Marketing Cloud has a report called the MDB or new to brand get away report. That report basically tells you which asin is giving you the highest number of NTB ASINs. Use that report. Spend high on that report, and you will start getting more and more new to brand customers. But let's extend this to other KPIs. Let's say, if you have you want to have higher lifetime value, right? So Amazon Marketing Cloud also has an as a report, which is the customer lifetime value by asin report, which where you will just be able to, like, literally, drag and drop reports, where you just be able to figure out which asin is giving you that highest customer lifetime value. And if that's your KPI, then you can start spending more on that asin, or prioritizing that asin in your ads to increase your customer lifetime value. Similarly, you know, other ways of async prioritization, which are more, you know, used in today's, you know, VPC approaches is as in prioritization by profitability, or as in prioritization by sales, right? So literally, these Asian prioritization because you have more data with Amazon Marketing Cloud, you can use that that to get more and more KPIs out now, there are other tips to increase your audiences when you're creating your another marketing cloud audiences make sure that you are, you know,

Speaker  210480:00
selecting lookalike audiences rather than rule based audiences. Now a lot of people will probably stop here and say, okay, you know what? I always have to select look like audiences without knowing what is the purpose of both of those, if you are a large brand who's spending more than 300 400,000 US dollars of ad spend per month, then you would rather select rule based audiences, even though you may feel that lookalike audiences may give you a higher reach. The problem with looking like audiences is that they have an upper cap. So if you reach that upper cap, your audience will fail. So rule based audiences don't have an upper cap, but rule based audiences have a lower cap, or floor cap, like a floor so if you're, if you're a brand which is spending less than, let's say, 300,000 or 200,000 US dollars a month, and you have a lower reach, then what you would probably be benefit more with is look alike audiences. But as your reach increases with your PPC, you basically should be switching to rule base, because it doesn't have a cap. And you know, the audience value can be as big as you can imagine, creating audiences who have searched for your competitor keywords. So anyone who is searching for keywords like you know, either it could be generic. Most people you know, they start creating audiences who have searched for, let's say you're selling detergents, they'll search for detergent. Or, you know, road washing, so on and so forth. But increasing your reach by going and looking at audiences who have searched for your competitors gives you that additional, you know, reach that you might not even caught up with the simple keyword targeting. Don't get me wrong, you can target just type detergent as a keyword. When it comes to to your keyword targeting campaigns, but your audience sizes just automatically increases because you're kind of wind boosting for that specific audience only. So for your competitor targeting, you can start doing that. You the increasing conversion. So the second thing that I talked about was increasing conversions. And I'm going to talk about a very cool strategy that we used. And this, by the way, this strategy was a finalist in this year's Amazon ad Awards, which is called sequential targeting. So earlier, what used to happen was that, let's say, if you're running sponsored product ads and sponsored brand ads and sponsored display ads, and if you're also running DSP ads, right, all these ads are running in silos. So you have an ad and that's running, you're targeting a specific, specific set of audiences, then there's another ad that there's another but everything is in silos. With AMC, what you can do is you can start creating a funnel. How does that funnel work? Let's say you have a DSP campaign. So you say that you run the DSP campaign, and then you collect all the audiences of the DSP campaign in a funnel and say, show these audiences who have seen my DSP ad at least once, throw them my sponsored product ad or show them my sponsored brand ad, and then once people have seen your sponsored brand ad, if you again collect them in a funnel and say anyone who has seen my DSP ad and my SB ad show them is the ad, right? So now you are increasing the chances of converting a customer because they have so many touch points with your ads that they have higher probability of converting. So this strategy at atom level, we call it the sequential targeting, and this basically helps you increase your conversion. So we have one example that we've shown here with the permission of our client, where we talked about audience, how your campaign was performing, 24% a cost and a 22% conversion rate. But as soon as we added an audience, what we started seeing was that although it started giving us about about 25 30% of, you know, the clicks that were coming from the audience itself, but the impact that came in from here was, you know, such a heightened conversion rate of this audience that we start, we actually saw an impact of an overall impact on their conversion although there was a higher ACOs, the reason of higher a cost was because of higher CPC of audiences. Sometimes these audiences have higher CPCs because of the size of audience being small, but your conversion rate improved so well and so drastically that we were okay with that 2% increase in a cost. So again, these are the few things that you have to watch out for. Are you getting enough clicks? Are you getting enough conversion rate with the audience, and is that conversion rate enough to actually impact your overall campaign? All right, another tip, and this is one of my favorite, the simplest tips to start using Amazon Marketing Cloud. You don't even need Amazon Marketing Cloud to actually start using this tip to increase conversion. We use this one audience that Amazon has has pre built into all your campaigns. It's called highly likely to purchase basis shopping behavior or shopping activity. So this audience is where is like the auto of all audiences. So Amazon knows who to show your ad to, and it shows your ad there, and it is able to get higher conversions at the target day cost that you have set up for yourself. These are two different and two unique examples of some of our clients where we've used this audience and we've tried to compare this audience with other audiences that we built with Amazon Marketing Cloud, and the sheer reach of this audience versus all the other audiences, and the share, the improvement in the kind of conversion that we saw at that reach versus all the other audiences is just mind blowing. And I don't know if it's because less people are using it right now, but this audience is performing really, really well. I don't know if it's going to continue, so I think just adopting it ASAP. Is a very good tip that you can take away from you. All right, this is the last tip of you know the how to use AMC to build different audiences to you know, meet your customers, which is targeting an EOB by increasing your average order value by targeting customers who purchased from you before. So you can select audiences, like audiences, based on high value customers. So anyone who is already purchased from you or is in the top X percentile of your customers, they can be retargeted with a with campaigns which have high ASP products, right? So once you're doing that, because these are already customers who buy from you a lot more, it just makes sense to pitch high ASP products to increase your basket size, or to increase your AOV for such customers, all right? Alright? So very quickly summarize, before I move to this frameworks, the first thing we talked about was prioritizing add ASINs by KPI. So prioritizing your ASINs by your KPI of lifetime value new to brand, which are more granular than the other KPIs that you were doing until now? Which is, you know, prioritizing by sales or by profitability, use lookalike audiences to increase reach, depending on how much your ad spend is and what is the kind of audience you are working with. Make sure that you're using the right audience to increase your reach with Amazon Marketing Cloud audiences. Use pre built audiences, like highly like, highly likely to purchase based on shopping activity, to increase your conversions. Create sequential audiences. Do not create audiences in silos. Start building your funnels so that you are able to retarget the customer who's seen your dspr into the next or the lower funnel ad which comes next in the in the sequence and target audiences who have purchased from you to increase lifetime value by customer now. Until now, we have discussed a few strategies that you can use to either get to your KPIs or achieve your target KPIs, or increase your image or increase your conversions, but there is one very simple framework that I want to leave you with which will help you in building better audiences. This audience is the framework is based on the repeatability of your product. So let me give you an example. Let's see if you are selling laptops, right? And a customer came and looked at your ad and they added your product to Kat. Now the person is going to deliberate on this activity of buying or not buying your laptop for a couple of days, at least, right before they finally buy it. Because this is a high, AOV, low, repeatable product, they're going to buy it once in four years. But let's say you have a tissue paper that you are selling right a pack of tissues,

Speaker  366826:40
and the customer added your product to Kat, but completely forgot to buy you and bought something else. You want to get another window of showing your ad to the customer in their next buying cycle, right? So you are targeting two different audience types with the repeatability of your product. If you have a low repeatability, you are capitalizing on the deliberation window of that customer. So if they are taking about four to five days to get it to whether or not to buy a product, you are going to be retargeting that customer in that short amount of time so that you know, you can actually help them convert. If it was a high repeatable product, you have a much larger window. So basically, what you will do, or what we will do, is that, you take up a larger window of look back for your audiences and retarget them for their next buying cycle. You've already lost this buying cycle, so no need of really retarget the same customer when they've already bought. You need to now go to the next one. So basically a high look back period of greater than 30 days or 45 days, basically works really well for such products. So this is like, for example, a high look back period for high repeatable products. We did three different experiments, seven day, look back, 14 day, look back and 30. Day look back and, you know, around the same time we saw how 30 day look back here basically gave us the highest amount of, you know, the results in terms of orders, conversion rates, better recourse and better CTFs. All right, I am going to pause here, and I want to give you this opportunity just kind of scan this QR code. This QR code is ame or a GPT of Amazon Marketing Cloud that we built, where we've kind of put in all the private knowledge that we've gained over time about Amazon Marketing Cloud. So you can go over there, you can ask a question. Of course, feel free to give us feedback. We've had quite a few people asking questions on that over the last month, but I think this is going to be a good resource to just leave with you, which is like a little bit of a little bit of Neha, you know, sitting right next to you, which can all can answer questions, basis what we have learned so far. And if anything else, I think you can definitely follow me on LinkedIn. That's my name, Neha Bhuchar, very active on LinkedIn, and or you can just write to us at ask at atom limit, dot zero. So that's it from me, and I can stop sharing my screen to see if you guys have any questions.

Speaker  414954:40
No questions over here, but I'll definitely share that with my team, because AMC is obviously a super hot topic and something that they're playing with. So I think they'll share the QR code with them, if that's all right.

Speaker  418400:00
Oh, absolutely. And what I can do is I'll just share the screen again, and just in case you want to take a if you've got the time to scan it, scanned,

Speaker  422309:20
yes, I got it awesome. Thank you.

Speaker  423173:20
No problem.

Speaker  425669:20
Nice. Hey, Charles, yeah, no worries at all. Any feedback? Would love to just hear from you guys. Can also write to us. Actually have

Speaker  427594:40
a question now I think about it. So you've probably worked with tons of clients in different categories. Is there any nuance or favorable like customized audiences that you see per category? So I sell supplements. But, you know, people shopping for supplements, they engage with the category different than say, you know, electronics, right? So, is there any like indication, category specific, where certain audiences are more successful than others, or is it kind of just, you know, assume that the logic applies to all? Does that question make sense?

Speaker  439621:20
Yeah, I am with you. I think, I think data basically starts telling you which audiences to start building depending on let's say how big your audience size is. You can start building audiences. Like, for example, anyone who has seen my product X ad. I want to show my ad to a new product that I'm launching, right? Or anyone who has or, you know, like I said, right, like the highest number of new to brands. So supplements, for example, you know, you're always kind of fishing for new to brand. Kat, for new to brand customers. So either you start with, I'm going to advertise the new to most the asin, which gives me the most neutral brand. I'm going to prioritize that asin for all my ads, or highest lifetime value. Another one that we see a lot in CPG brands, not specifically supplements, is people who have added my product, have purchased my product, product in the last X number of days, but not subscribed and saved. You know, advertising more to those kind of, you know, those kind of audiences. But if I were to tell you the one audience, like I said in the presentation, that one audience which is performing it out actually no outperforming every single audience right now, then that is the Amazon pre built audience. For some reason, we are seeing that the kind of conversions we are getting from this audience is just beyond, like it's beyond power from what we expected

Speaker  463450:40
and which audience, you said, Amazon. What

Speaker  464250:40
Amazon pre built audience. It's called high, high, highly likely to purchase basis shopping activity. Okay? It's right on your ad console. You don't even have to go to

Speaker  468256:00
Yeah. It's like a default Kat

Speaker  469024:00
with an auto campaign. And big boost on this specific audience. The reason I say auto campaign is because when you're doing auto campaign, you have a high reach that an Amazon can reach out to any customer, right? And so starting with auto campaign, or broad campaign, is basically a good thing to start with when it comes to AMC, give it, give it the freedom to go and advertise to, you know, different kind of audiences. Figure out which kind of audiences are working for you, and then you can start building from there.

Speaker  478170:40
Nice. Okay, cool, awesome. Thank you. Yeah, no

Speaker  479066:40
worries at all. I think this is one of my favorite hacks that we start with literally any account, and we see guaranteed results, and then this is over like, you know, 20 to 30 or 20 to 25 accounts that we've seen, and we've suggested to even with agencies. So you can take my word on

Speaker  484144:00
it, nice. Thank you. No worries.

Speaker  485216:00
Can I use AMC in this case. If I do not have a Buy Box, I don't think you will have Amazon Marketing Cloud. If you are a reseller, Alex, can you please check if you already have access to Amazon Marketing Cloud on your Amazon Seller, central seller on your ad console. I

Speaker  492682:40
Yeah, you can even drop your email. And what I can do is that I can, I can get back to 99% sure. I don't think you would have access to the MC

Speaker  499165:20
Yeah, so AMC is more of a you know brand owners tool, where you know you are. You get to see, you know all but to understand your audiences better. So, yeah, I think you might be able to see it if you have A private label brand at one point.

Speaker  508791:28
That Colin Iliana, how would you guys want me to proceed from you?

Speaker  514736:00
That's great. Thanks for the presentation. Neha, so for everyone, I also dropped atom 11's profile in the details, if anybody wants to, you know, reach out directly to them or see their profile, check their offer. So I think that was it. Thanks for everything. If you have any questions. Of course, anyone feel free to reach out directly to Neha. Neha, thanks for your time. This the recording. We will have it in our provider page for later, for people if they want to watch it later on. So I think that's it. Thanks for your time. Have a good weekend. Thank you. Bye. You next bye.
