Mogul Call with Riverbend Consulting
Date: January 15, 2026

Speaker  32:00
Go. Alright. So welcome to the call guys. So we've got revenge on today. We're going to be going over some super, super important account health issues and best practices, I'm sure, for our 2026 goals, not having our asin suspended, not having our account suspended, not getting into intellectual property disputes is top of our list. So yeah, I think Matt, you're gonna, you're gonna be doing most of the presenting today

Speaker  8181:20
between myself and Kaylee. Yes, cool. And we

Speaker  9077:20
got Brianna on the call, who some of you guys might recognize as well. So excellent. Yeah. And if you guys have questions, feel free to put them in the chat as we go along. Basically, I've taken some issues from MDs, and these guys also have some sort of up to date stuff they want to share as

Speaker  13434:40
well right on. So I guess I'll just take it away and let's go. Okay, well, friends, hi. My name is Matt nastassi. I am the director of consulting services at Riverbend. I've been with Riverbend four or five and a half years, 21 years inside Amazon, 1990 through 2020, sorry, 1999 through 2020, and after those 21 years, banging my head up against the brick wall of seller trust, I left in January of 2020 and by March of 2020 I had been recruited by Riverbend. And now I do this, and I got to tell you, I am gratified and grateful by the about the number of sellers that I've been able to help through regulatory enforcement and frankly, just ridiculous nonsense at Amazon. It's very nice to be able to put my my expertise to bear on your behalf when Amazon gets How shall we say squirrely. So with that in mind, we've got some fun stuff to talk about today. I'm going to introduce you guys to some things to look at for 2026 since we are right smack dab in the middle of January, there's some regulatory stuff that you guys really want to keep in mind. Amazon is doing some crazy stuff with identity tracking and identity verification that may impact your accounts. We'll talk about that first, and then we've got a list of questions from from you guys prior to the session, that we will go through as much as we possibly can if we have time at the end, which I'm sure that we will, we'll open up the floor to direct questions. Let's go ahead and take a look at the regulatory stuff that's going on right now. As you guys know, the beginning of the year, Amazon follows the informed consumers act to the letter. So since 2023 everybody that sells on an online marketplace is required to disclose the identity of basically who they are, who their business is, and all of their documentations if you exceed 200 transactions and or $5,000 in annual revenue, which I know that we're on a million dollar sellers call this is relevant to you guys. Okay, so it's really important that you've got your government ID, your tax ID, your bank account, your contact information, your utility bills, everything lining up with the information that is currently in Seller Central. If there's a mismatch somewhere, your account could come down and it could stay down until you get that mismatched fixed. Sometimes that mismatch means updating things in Seller Central. Sometimes it means updating things at a at the state or federal level. For example, I recently worked with a client who had moved twice since the time that they registered their business. Seller Central was up to date, but their ein paperwork was not the EIN paperwork still had their original address on it, and when asked to verify that mismatch, took their account down for four weeks while they were getting their IRS paperwork updated. Please don't let that happen to you. Make sure that your documents are in order beforehand. Kaylee, you got anything to add on that point?

Speaker  68192:00
Well, just that, a lot of the review is automated, so we typically see this informed consumers act start in springtime, so that should be within the next couple of months, and the initial review is automated. So that's why you want to make sure that all of your documentation meets Amazon standards, and that it matches your Seller Central account info. If something does not match, it may spark a review by a person, but that's why it's important just to make sure everything you know to the T to how your business is put in. Sometimes I've seen a mismatch with several different cities, like, for instance, one city can be recognized by two cities. Things like. Like that can cause it to go down. So you want to make sure that there's no discrepancies whatsoever.

Speaker  81696:00
That's a great call out. Great Call out. Let's talk about your taxes and financial reporting. Because I don't know if you knew this, but the threshold for reporting has been coming down year over year due to some regulations that were done several years ago. So this year, in 2026 the 10 99k is the threshold for 10 99k compliance reporting. Is anyone earning over $600 in 2026 which is down from the historical $20,000 threshold several years ago, it's been coming down. So in 2024 it was $5,000 in 2025 it was $2,500 it's now dropping to $600 for the calendar year of 2026 Amazon, as a payment entity, has to report those little revenues to the IRS. So you need to make sure that you're keeping really good income records. Make sure that your TI NS and your W nines are up to date, avoid withholding issues. Those tax issues can come back to haunt you. If the IRS were to report you to be out of compliance, Amazon could take your account down until you get into compliance. Anything to add there?

Speaker  101728:00
No, I think you covered it. Matt,

Speaker  102231:28
good. Cool enough. Okay, let's see. I don't see anything really standing out in terms of other regulations to be worried about for 2026 there's some product safety stuff, the sturdy act and updated CPSC regulations on large furniture. So if you are a large furniture seller, please be sure that you're in compliance with CPSC especially as regards the sturdy Act, which is about large products that could tip over, make sure that you've got your testing and your safety documentation there. There's also lithium battery products are facing stricter rules from 2025 that you'll need to make sure that you're in compliance with if you sell anything that contains lithium batteries. So in 2026 enforcement is going to stay strong on these things. Amazon is taking zero chances right now with the regulatory environment, if it has a risk to the platform, they're going to shoot first and ask questions later. Okay, let's see. I don't have anything else on the US regulatory list here. Nothing really standing out in UK either other than the KYC is going to be enforced just as much as the inform act is in the United States. So UK and EU, please make sure that you have your documentation in place. Also very important, if you are brand registered as a seller, to make sure that your trademarks are up to date in every single country that you sell. If you only have trademark in the United States, your products can and will be sniped, hijacked, etc, in countries outside of the United States, bad actors love finding people with incomplete trademark registrations to go after and play games. So please protect yourself and make sure that you are registering in those countries that you're selling in. If you're not currently selling in a country, it's probably a good idea, because Amazon's a global unified platform to opt out of having your listings copied in other countries, or you can simply put yourself on vacation in other countries that you don't sell in to prevent your listings from appearing.

Speaker  140394:40
There was the first option. So the second option was, put yourself on vacation, made what was the other one,

Speaker  142762:40
just seeing if there's a if there's any sort of opt out option for your listings, historically, it's been very difficult to limit the listings, because Amazon automatically opts you into global selling, which is kind of ridiculous. You make a listing in the US, and if you haven't expressly worked on getting that opted out of the other countries, your listings will be mirrored in other countries. The fact that it's an opt out, not an opt in, is problematic in the extreme. Yeah, it's crazy, yeah. Okay. And then for your tax reporting obligations, please remember that especially in the EU your tax reporting if you are operating out of one country and you're selling in other countries with a virtual address as your business address. Please understand that Amazon may come at you for that, because the ability to run your business through a virtual presence in a country is it's. No longer being accepted. So we've had clients, for example, that were running their country, their companies out of let's say you're running your company out of Italy, because that's where your your physical presence is, but you're selling in the UK with a virtual address on the UK platform, you may be reporting your VAT incorrectly, and this can be a hard situation, because Amazon is required by law to remit the entire amount of VAT that should have been paid to the crown and then come at you to repay them, since you've already paid VAT under the Italy rate, or rather, under the UK rate, under your virtual address, you would have done it incorrectly, because you should have been paying in the UK under the Italy rate. And even if it's just a tiny percentage difference, you'd be responsible for the entire amount we've had to help clients month over month to pay back Amazon and go back to the Crown to get a refund for their previously paid VAT in order to cover the new VAT that they have to pay. It's ugly. It's horrible. If this is happening to you, please reach out to us. We have a process that we can help you through. So virtual addresses, if you're using them, I highly recommend that you don't make sure that Amazon knows where you're operating your business from. Make sure that you've got the physical documents showing your physical presence, because virtual can get you in tax and regulatory hell. Don't let it happen. All right. I think that's all I have for 2026 regulatory stuff. Does anyone have anything else to add?

Speaker  188506:40
Kaylee, I don't. I think that was great. Shall we move on to some of the brand protection and IP questions?

Speaker  191562:40
Let's see here. We have a question from Charles here in the chat, What trends are you seeing with unauthorized resellers with invoices and proper documents? Oh, that's a, how about we say? Can open worms everywhere? Big worms there. Okay, so unauthorized resellers with invoices, it's, it's difficult to say, unless we have some real specifics, but generally, Amazon is going to typically side with brands when brands report things as unauthorized, although the first sale doctrine covers you legally, that doesn't mean that Amazon has to allow you to sell those things on their site, and in many cases, they're going to side with the brands rather than with the individual resellers, because they are trying to, they're trying to maintain their presence in the market with these brands, and brands can come at them and threaten them with no longer selling things to Amazon directly, if they don't tighten up their their ship, if they don't get rid of unauthorized sellers off of their listings, they can cause trouble. The other thing to consider is, how did you go about acquiring the product? If you are simply buying from the brand themselves or through an authorized distributor, and you've got really great invoices, it's absolutely possible to overcome those inauthentic and counterfeit designations while still not being able to overcome the hurdle of authorized seller access, because many brands are now working with Amazon to put their brands under a gate, which means you would need to apply for permission to sell. And if you're facing that situation, that's something that we can assist with. Just understand that it is going to be a hurdle unless you have some direct connection through a distribution network or to the brand themselves, we've been able to help people become authorized sellers by helping them to work with the brand in certain situations. Resellers, I have to tell you, you're going to face an uphill struggle, as Amazon cracks down on this year over year, it's been getting harder and harder for people with legitimate product to overcome these new designations that Amazon is putting on things they went away from this is inauthentic because invoices can prove that it's not inauthentic to whether or not it's suitable for the platform. And this suitability designation is very broad on purpose, because it allows Amazon to just say that this was acquired through some unsavory means. How many of you have seen a situation where Amazon has told you that your product may have been or that your account may have been used for deceptive or fraudulent practices? Does anybody ever run into that. I've not, I've not seen that one. Okay, if you ever see that language, this is where Amazon is introducing this unsuitable for their platform violation. Okay, so what happens here is that your products were acquired legitimately. You paid for them. You didn't steal them. You bought them from someone who represented themselves as an authorized distributor. They may have even been an authorized distributor by the brand, but what did their authorization cover? In many cases, authorization for distribution is through retail channels or through brick and mortar channels, with no intention from the brand to allow the products to be sold to resellers who are listing them on online platforms. Now, while Amazon is not in the business of enforcing exclusive channels, they can under this new designation, say purchasing the product from an authorized seller or authorized distributor who was authorized to distribute them through retail channels or to resellers who are selling them in retail stores, the act of acquiring the product could be considered deceptive practice, because you bought them under an authorization for retail and turned around and sold them on an online channel, and Amazon has been taking a very hard line on that, if you run into that situation, if you see Amazon using this deceptive or fraudulent practice, or saying that your account is being used to participate in the deceptive practice, give us a call. This is something that we can help you with. All right, let's see. I hope that answers your question. Charles, if you have something specific, reach out to us and we can look at it together. One of the questions that we got was about people who are copying your listing content and then turning around and making to be clear, I'm saying the latest tactic is BS. I won't say that it's BS. I will say that it is a tactic that's allowing them to take greater control over what's appearing on their site than they have had in the past, because it's no longer about the authenticity of the product. Is no longer the bar whether or not the product was acquired through methods or mechanisms that Amazon would consider deceptive, is the word that they use. So deceptive is the word that I'll use if shenanigans were involved, then Amazon will be saying, from their perspective, and just understand this is coming from. I had a seat at the table when many of these rules were being created back in the day. The way that Amazon is thinking about this is that if a seller is willing to break these rules in order to acquire product, what rules are they also willing to break in order to maintain their presence on the platform. It puts you in a suspect bucket. Doesn't mean you're doing anything illegal. It just means that Amazon is now considering whether or not your presence on their platform is going to end up being a risk to them, if it's something that could get them sued by a brand, or if it's something that could get them regulated by the state, they may not be willing to subsume the risk, and might just tell you, you know what? This isn't, this isn't the right place for these products, or it might not be the right place for your store. Now that's a designation that we don't ever want to see happen. So you got to be really careful about how you're acquiring your products. If you're not sure whether authorizations for your distributors cover online reselling, it's a really good idea to contact the brand directly and find out. Okay, and then don't chance it. I know that it's a really great way to make money when you're selling high volume and high ticket products, but moving volume and selling high ticket products that were acquired through means that are not authorized is now a red flag for Amazon, so just be cautious. Okay, cover yourself. All right. Another question that we got was about folks copying listing content and then turning around and making false IP or copyright claims. Did anyone, yeah, that's here, okay.

Speaker  312549:19
Well, no, it's I've been something I've seen on MDS a couple of times. So what people are saying is that people are copying their images, I think then getting, like a maybe some sort of pattern or design patent, or they're protecting those images in some way, and then they're going after the original creator of those images for them, right?

Speaker  317370:40
So you got to understand that this is not something that Amazon's typically going to get involved in adjudicating. Okay, whenever it comes to an IP situation, Amazon takes a very hands off. Chance and says you need to work this out with the rights owner, and one of the best ways to do that is to get them that, give them that put up or shut up moment and file a DMCA counter notice if they have proof that they created that image earlier than you have proof that you created your image, then they should take you to court for that, not try to interrupt your Commerce on Amazon. Them doing that in a malicious way is tortious, and if you got, if you have proof that they're doing that, a cease and desist from your attorney can really go a long way filing the DMCA counter notification with Amazon, though within 10 business days, 14 calendar days, you should see your listing come back up, unless the person who filed the complaint against you with Amazon is going to turn around and sue you. And if you actually have the proof that your your content, your images, your text was created by you, then there's no chance of them doing that, although the chance is minimal, because the sanctions are going to be high for filing false complaints with the court. Okay, so the DMCA counter notice is a fantastic tool in cases where you've got your documentation, my recommendation to you for the future is make sure that when you're taking images for your products that you own, that when you are building your listing content, that you're doing it in a way, that you are capturing date and timestamps for when these things were done, print them out and mail them to yourself. You know, get that, get that postmark. Copyright is still something that controls in a lot of cases. So anything that happens after that fact, any filings after the fact could be fought as malicious intent to interrupt your commerce. The other thing I would say is that if you do, if you are producing product, you're manufacturing product, and you don't own the design patents for them, either get with the person that does own the design patent, to get some sort of exclusivity contract in place so that you've got the paperwork for that, or if it's something that you've designed and produced yourself, get in the patent system. Get your applications in those date and timestamps, if they predate the complainant. Can be a fantastic way to tell the complainant to get out. Let's see, what if you used a competitor, such as a used a competitor as a reference image for AI tools such as nano banana, but the image was changed and updated. However, the image does also look like their image. Can they take it down? They absolutely can make a case that could get it taken down. What you need to understand is all they need to do to take it down from Amazon is report it to Amazon, because Amazon is reactive in that way. If someone is reported to them that something infringes, Amazon is required by law to take it down until it gets resolved. And it's not going to be resolved by them. They're not going to be the ones making the decision. You either need to have a retraction from the person that made the complaint, or you need adjudication by a court, and then those papers can be shown to Amazon. That's the only way to completely get out of it. Now we've been able to successfully escalate and get folks their products back up, only to see them come down again at the upon the receipt of a new complaint, so you can play ping pong with it all you want. The Amazon system is 100% reactive upon receiving a complaint. The asin comes down, getting it back up doesn't mean it's going to stay back up if they continue to complain. So there may be actions that you need to take outside of the Amazon ecosystem in order to protect yourself. We have a question from Alex Matt, we're a reseller. Sometimes we purchase one product, but there's another free in the invoice. It's not clearly description of both products. We are having problem with Amazon accepting the invoices. Any suggestion, don't list those on Amazon unless you have invoices that show the products exactly as you received them. If you've got, if it's a two pack where it's a buy one thing and get one free, it needs to be called out in the invoice that that's what it is. Otherwise, if all you have is, let's say you've got Tresa may shampoo with a free trace of a conditioner. So if your invoice says tracer may shampoo, you're cleared for the shampoo. If you're selling them as a packaged bundle, then the packaged bundle needs to be one, it needs to be bundled by the brand and two, the bundle needs to be what is on your invoice. If the invoice doesn't have the conditioner, don't list that as a bundle on the page for that bundle, it's not in your interest to wreck your account with a missed listing that way, because it absolutely can. All right, let's see. So Kat. He writes, DMCA is your number one tool to fight copyright complaints. If someone is doing something in it in a shady way, that's your put up or shut up moment. It tells them, if you want to fight me on this fight it in court, because then otherwise, you now have the evidence in the Amazon system that you have successfully defended with a countermeasure, a counter notification, Amazon will reinstate your product, and if they try to file again, it's gross, it's ugly, your product can continually come down over and over again, interrupting your sales while this gets worked out, but it is at least a solution that gets you back up, and if the if the complainant is continuing to do this to you, that's tortious interference in your ability to perform commerce, that's actionable, sue them, and then maybe show that paperwork over to Amazon. So Amazon blacklists them for the practice, that would be an ideal state, all right. And the same thing goes for anyone claiming copyright on your image. It's really in your best interest to make sure that you're documenting date and timestamps for when these images were created. Okay? If you are, if you are using other people's content as your prompt for AI, and it's altered in a way that is still really similar to the other product they can get you for trying to cause confusion in the marketplace. That would be something that actually would need to be figured out in court, the fact that you have date and timestamps showing that you created it, that's great, but the similarity to another person's registered IP could, in fact, be something that would get you taken down. The report to Amazon would get you taken down off of Amazon. Adjudicating this to the court, you may find yourself in trouble. I do not know what the court's stance is right now on AI reproductions or AI alterations for established IP I do know that they're going after things like, you know, Disney characters being used in stuff. We recently had a fella who was selling products that had Donald Trump's image. They were AI created by him, but Donald Trump organ, the Trump Organization, owns the publicity rights for Donald Trump's face, so you can't use his stuff, his face, on products, and sell them legally without a license from the Trump organization to do so. So even though this was original, original artwork, the fact that the Trump organization owns the publicity rights for Trump's image controlled here, and the client was unable to to get their to get their asin back. And in fact, the egregiousness of the violation, let me say this, the danger of this violation ended up getting the client their account suspended in a state that it was not possible to get it back, the risk to Amazon's bottom line was too great. The Trump Organization is highly, highly litigious.

Speaker  456901:20
I think you bring up a good point, Matt, anything that is a federal crime, like intellectual property infringement, is going to hold a different weight with Amazon than, say, an inauthentic complaint issued by the buyer. They will just be enforced differently. There's going to be a higher level of scrutiny, and you as a seller are required to provide you know additional documentation or take additional steps to dispute those. If those happen,

Speaker  465904:00
I agree. I agree. Okay, so we've got another couple of questions in the chat here. Can you comment on the new rule Amazon announcing cracking down on review sharing on variations starting February 12, if it happens to your listing, can you appeal it? Or do you have to keep it separate? What can you do to make your listing child variations be approved? Do you mean the reviews for the parent appearing on the child variations?

Speaker  473477:20
I think what they're saying is, in the past, people have been a little bit cavalier about putting a lot of variations together of products that are vaguely similar but not not identical, right? So let's say, like, you know, this is like a bottle like this. So obviously, if they're just if it's exactly the same but different colors, that's okay. That's a legit variation. Different sizes may. Be that's okay as well. But I think people might be doing like water bottles, mugs. It goes further and further, just because the more reviews, the better you sell. So I think what Shannon is saying is that there's, there's been reports that this, this has been cracked down upon. I'm just wondering what, what you're, what you see? Okay?

Speaker  485749:20
So that would actually fall under the asin creation policy that spun up at the end of 2024 and that's been enforced pretty heavily through 2025 duplicate listings for the purposes of gaming sales ranks in various categories is being cracked down on. If the product is not materially different, it should only be sold in one category. Yeah.

Speaker  493162:40
And if you heard something about something changing in February 12, that Sean's, I have not, I have not, but I can actually, you've got a link to that Sean's. You'll put it in.

Speaker  495994:40
Fantastic Sean, have a look. And

Speaker  497840:00
then Charles had another question about

Speaker  498464:00
we have X product. X product was recalled in 2023 we have X product with a valid, non recalled lot. Part number, Amazon suppressed the listing is threatening to destroy all product within 30 days. Our invoices show the valid products purchased from authorized distributors. Do we remove the product and arbitrate the removal fees? I will say this, if you remove the product, arbitrating the removal fees is going to be very difficult. Amazon does not usually reimburse for things that are seller choice options. If you choose to remove your products, the removal would be on you. If you choose to fight it, you've got the documentation to fight it, and we have successfully been able to help clients overcome bad recalls by showing lot numbers in documentation. Amazon should not be requiring you to remove this unless they have decided they're no longer going to sell the product at all anymore because of the regulatory risk here. But if this is truly a recall of a specific subsection of the products, and you've got documentation to show that your products do not fall into that subsection, I think you could fight this. Kelly, what are your thoughts on that?

Speaker  518453:20
You know, some of these, like you said, they're just too high of a risk for Amazon to allow you to sell it if there's small discrepancies, or perhaps, you know, just a label being removed can make it fall into a Recalled category. I think it's too high risk for Amazon to play with. That doesn't mean that there's not a possibility to dispute it and get it reinstated, but you definitely, you know, with confirmed recalls you start, you start playing with some fire here, and the chances that you would get a successful reinstatement.

Speaker  527146:39
I agree. And then, you know, there's other there's also the fact that Amazon is letting the machine do a lot of the thinking for it right now. Okay, so if, if you do get a successful reinstatement, because your products and your documentation shows that your lot was not include, was not included in the recall, it's possible to get that reinstatement and then have the next run of detection, detect that you're selling this product and then take it back down again. So having to continually stay on that merry go round until Amazon builds and develops or develops and implements a mechanism to actually whitelist something and get it off of detection. You're going to be playing with revenue. You're going to be playing with product storage. You're going to be playing with your product coming up and down, and you're still going to be responsible for all of the costs involved. So it's a risk proposition. Can we help you overcome that? Could you overcome that yourself? Absolutely is it worth it if it's going to continue to come down? Maybe because we could absolutely use that experience that you're having to get your story in front of the executives who can make the decision to actually influence the mechanism that needs to happen, which is a true white list needs to be developed at the Amazon technical level, on an individual, one by one asin basis. It's really easy to overcome these silly enforcements, but the likelihood of it coming back down again, if Amazon continues to let the machine do the thinking for it is high. It's frustrating.

Speaker  552837:20
So we do a few. Can we do a few more for the pre submitted before we go back to the chat? Okay, we

Speaker  553845:20
sure can. Yeah, let's see here. So we just talked about copyright preventing listing hijacks. Oh my gosh. Okay, so the question here was about listings that get product information added to it by people who are not the folks that created the listing. You've created the page, you've created the listing now someone's upload has got. Gotten information that you didn't add to it, and it's now put you under some sort of regulatory rule, pesticides, Bluetooth, both of those were mentioned here. Number one thing that I would tell you is enrolling in brand registry and putting this kind of information into your A plus content is the best way to protect yourself from hijacks like this. The other thing that you can do is, if you see something like that happening, and you're able to report and show I didn't produce this content. I didn't add this content. This content is inappropriate, and go through the brand registry channels to get that content removed or to have the page reverted to where you set it, and then ask for an increase to your detail page control score. And that's I'm giving away some secret sauce here, because detail page control is not something that's well known, but there are levels of control on every single attribute in a detail page. So the title, the description, bullets, the images, the safety field, this field, that field, etc. Every single contribution has a score on it. If you are brand registered, your score should be the second highest, other than Amazon. So Amazon contributions, or contributions from vendors who are selling directly to Amazon would override third party contributions to your pages. However, if those contributions are incorrectly identifying your product, making health claims, making pesticide claims, adding Bluetooth when it's not Bluetooth, causing you to have to put an FCC number or something into your documentation. Once you get it cleared up with Amazon, ask for the control for that is that attribute to be increased so that your score is higher than everybody else's that contributes to the page that effectively locks that attribute and pretends it protects it from being changed in the future. It's not easy to get you do have to work with Amazon, through both the catalog and the brand registry to do it by that is something we could help you through. That's a great way to prevent listing hijacks. The other thing is, you know, just really be cautious about the way that you're reporting people who are listing on your products. If they are, if they're listing product that they acquired, legitimately reporting them for IP violations, may end up biting you rather than hurting them. It could get their listing taken down for a short while, but we've recently seen Amazon cracking down on reporter violations that are coming for coming from brand registered folks who are not doing proper diligence

Speaker  607306:39
before reporting. So you would wait until he had done a test order, do a

Speaker  608383:59
test order Absolutely, or reach out to the seller yourself and just ask them what their distribution channel is. And if it's a distribution channel that you recognize, leave it alone. They're probably okay. You can even ask them to send you copies of their invoices. They're not required to do it, yeah, okay. But controlling your distribution channels is absolutely something that is to really good idea. Get some rules in place for your authorized distribution channels if you do not have a formal authorized seller or authorized distributor program. Institute one. Build an application process for it, Grandfather your current suppliers into it, but send them the contract that shows them. This is what this means. You're not allowed to sell to resellers who are going to sell the product on on online platforms. You're not allowed to do X, Y or Z, minimum advertised pricing, all of that stuff can be in there, and then what you can do is show that to Amazon and show that these things are violating these contracts as a way to also attempt to get those taken off of your listings. We have helped folks. We have helped folks to put together those plans for their authorized seller, authorized distributor and authorized reseller programs before, and they've been pretty effective in helping to prevent these kind of hijacks. All right, let's see what else we have here responding to incorrect restricted ingredient claims. Okay, so help me. Help me with an example. Here is there a product that's product example that you have of something that was restricted because of ingredient that it didn't have in it because someone reported it? That's seen,

Speaker  638874:40
I've seen this one on MDS. Can anyone give an example of a restricted ingredient? Um, I'm not sure. There must be ingredients in food that are not allowed otherwise.

Speaker  641296:00
Sure, ephedrine is a really great example, right? You're not allowed to sell things that have ephedrine. You're also not allowed to sell things that make unapproved medical claims. So it's not just restricted ingredients, it's also the way that you're presenting structure and function. Claims are fine. If you say that calcium helps build strong bones, that's well known, you're not saying my product will stop osteoporosis. That's the thing you're not allowed to do. You can say that my product contains calcium. It is calcium helps strong bones. What you can't say is that my product will help you treat your osteoporosis. That's when you've stepped over a line. If you have questions about structure and function claims, if you have questions about medical questions about medical claims, reach out to us. That's a great example of where a console call might help you on an individual listing level when it comes to restricted ingredients, having a solid set of testing documents for every single version of the asin or the product that you're selling is really the best protection that you have against restricted ingredient claims. And here's what I mean by that. I've known a lot of folks who are selling things like supplements will have one core formula that they're selling in 12 different ASINs under different names. Because they're marketing, they look at that as a marketing thing. This is the same product. It's the same formula, but there's a women's formula and a men's formula, and this one's marketed to athletes and this one's marketed to students or what have you. If it's just the same product, you would need to have testing documentation with the title of each one of the product versions that you are selling outlined and delineated if you are missing from the testing document. If the name of your product, exactly as it appears on Amazon, is missing from your testing document, Amazon will not accept the testing document for the formula itself. It has to be a testing document for the product that you are selling, not the formula that you are selling as these products. Savvy, all right, really important there and then honestly restricted ingredient claims just prove that your product doesn't have the ingredient. If you don't have an ingredient Facts panel on your product, get one really, really important that you outline the product ingredients, if you have restricted ingredients at different concentration levels, and you're aware that there are concentration levels, make sure that you're outlining what the concentrations of the products are on your testing and also On the labels themselves, if they're congruent, if they match one to one, you have a really great opportunity of overcoming that enforcement. Okay, let's see. Competitors are selling identical ASINs, but Amazon blocks you? Yeah, I see this a lot. We get a lot of the but so many other sellers are selling this. Why is mine, the one that came down, and theirs are still up. It's really hard to answer that question with any sort of specificity, because Amazon doesn't develop the results of their investigations or why something was reported. I know it's easy to fall into the trap of thinking that there's some sort of collusion inside Amazon. Oftentimes, what it comes down to is some something, maybe a customer complaint or a brand review or something has happened and your asin has come under scrutiny, but other ASINs have not, honestly, there's not much you can do about that. We have always coached folks to, you know, we can use the fact that other folks are selling things as an escalation point, but if, in fact, the other things are just as restricted as yours, they're likely to come down to as a result of that escalation. Now that may be your goal, that if you can't sell it, you don't want anybody else to sell it either. And if that's your tactic and your technique, we can support you in that. Just understand that the fact that someone else is still selling something is very, very rarely a compelling point for Amazon. If the facts of the matter is it's legitimately restricted, if it's illegitimately restricted, then by all means, appeal until the cows come home. You're right. They're wrong, and documentation would show that. Okay. Also make sure that if there is a program, if there is an exemption, if there is something that needs to be done in order to successfully sell certain things. Great example is, well, we had the question about the bidders, digestive bidders, with alcohol in it. Is now being enforced against as if it was an alcoholic, an alcohol product. And the fact of the matter is, is that, yes, Amazon has tightened their controls around what's considered a legitimate product that could be sold as a food additive or a food ingredient versus something that is sold as an ingestible product, bitters. Digestive bitters would be a supplement or an ingestible product, and therefore it's going to be held to a different standard than something like peppermint extract, which contains just as much alcohol as digestive bitters does, but peppermint extract is not marketed. There's no directions for direct ingestion on peppermint extract. It's meant. It's marketed as the instructions are as adding it as an ingredient to food, and that's how peppermint extract is able to overcome the alcohol designation where digestive bitters is not okay, so that's an example of where restrictions can come into play. If the product is actually restricted. Fighting it from the standpoint of other people are selling it, is probably a losing battle, okay? It may require that you address the restriction first. If your product has a prohibited ingredient, it may be time to go back to the drawing board and work out a version of the product without that prohibited ingredient. If there's something about the way that the product is being marketed, or the way that the product is being described, or the labeling on the product. Making adept changes to those things is going to bear more fruit than going back to Amazon and saying, but other people are selling it too. Okay, let's get rid of the problematic content and then reapply for a review to see if it's still restricted at that point, what are the material differences between your product and the product that's still selling? If it's exactly the same product, then showing one to one correspondence, the question may be, why aren't you selling on the same asin as this one? If it's literally the same product, acquired from the same brand, acquired with the same labeling, etc. Why is there a duplicate listing there? There may be ways to continue, still selling it. It may not be on your page. This is another one where I think the specifics of it would be absolutely best gone over during a consulting call, because we can look at it with you, and we can comb through all of the crazies that Amazon may be pointing at, all of the things that they look at, the images, the labeling, the content of the bullet points, the content of your keywords, any of these things could trigger regulatory enforcement, but once you've verified what the restricted reason is, and if you if the product is not actually restricted, but Amazon has taken yours down, that's eminently appealable. It's not always possible to avoid these things when it's Amazon's machine doing the detection, although, if you have products that you're worried about, having us review them for content that might trigger Amazon's bot detection. It's a really good idea. That's something that we could do for you. Let's see. What else do we have here? ASINs deactivated as duplicates, but it isn't, I think the important thing here, because I know that was a question that was asked, we need to understand Amazon's rationale here. Why do they think it's a duplicate? What about it makes it materially different? If it is something that you have bundled with something else, make sure that you have permission from the brand in writing to bundle it that way. Otherwise, Amazon may see it as a way to circumvent their listing, their asin creation policy as a way to differentiate your version of the exact same product from someone else's version. My favorite example is, you know, the the widget that's sold with a cleaning a lens towel, for example, it's product X, but you've got a little microfiber towel with your brand name on it, and now you've called that a bundled product. First things first, unless you've got a UPC for that little microfiber towel and you're selling it as a separate asin, it's not an appropriate bundle to begin with, and unless you have permission from the brand of the other thing that you're bundling your towel with, to bundle that towel with it in writing with a signature on it and the product name. It's not allowed on Amazon, okay.

Speaker  796938:40
Otherwise, again, specifics would help. We can look and see what's materially different between the two. If you believe that the product is in the wrong category and therefore you listed it in another. Category because you think it should be industrial rather than, you know, general purchase, then we can make a case for that. However, understand that Amazon's categorization and classification, their taxonomy, where things belong, is ultimately going to be decided by them. We have been able to successfully get things moved from category to category, just know that that's an uphill battle, and it could take months. It may be in your best interest to simply resign yours and list off of the other I know that's problem if you've been winning the buy box on yours, but Amazon may consider that the violation of ACE and creation policy in and of itself, that you've circumvented the proper listing from their standpoint, in order to gain market share. That's literally the violation of the asin creation policy that they're trying to stop. They want their catalog to be one product, one product page that has all of the listings on it. That's their goal, and fighting against that goal is often hard. Kaylee, do you have any additional thoughts for that? Because I know that we see duplicate product takedowns a lot.

Speaker  819648:00
Again, I think it's just, you know, identifying if the product is materially identical, do they share the same new PC or product identifier, if not, those are points for the dispute.

Speaker  822373:19
Yeah, UPC registration is a huge point. You guys, if you're not aware of who owns the UPC that's on your page, do a little legwork and go look it up. If the if the GTIN is not registered to the brand, or it's not registered to you, you know, it could be, it could be the wrong UPC. Listing products under an incorrect UPC is an asin creation policy violation, because it's, again, a way to draw eyes away from the correct page in Amazon and the brand's estimation to your page so you can carve off of this market share. That's the violation they're trying to stop. Be sure you're listing on the correct page. If you ever have a question about whether you're listing on a correct page, holler at us. We can help you. So that should cover a lot of the asin creation policy and async creation violations. You know, if you're ever wondering what specific violation that Amazon has said your listing makes, because they're very vague, on purpose, contacting account health through the call us or the call us back, option, call me now, option through account health can help you to decipher because they can go into the notes and see what's specifically triggered. They may also not have those notes. In that case, this is where a console call with us. We can comb through it, and we can look at the two, compare them side by side, see what the problem might be here. The thing is, is that guys, if Amazon is right and your page is not the appropriate page, it's in your best interest to capitulate and move your product over to the correct page, rather than fight it to keep your market share, because that's going to take a long time, and Amazon is likely going to prevail in those cases, if There is a more appropriate page for the product. The fact that someone else created the product does not mean it's not your violation. So that's another thing that keeps coming over and over and over again. I didn't create this page. I only listed my offer on the page. Do your legwork and do your research before you add an offer to a page, if there is a better page, if the UPC does not match, if the UPC or any of the ownership information is incorrect, that could be a page that someone created to circumvent and to carve market share off. Don't fall into the trap of getting your account in trouble because someone else violated a policy. Do your research first. And if you don't know how to do that, come talk to us. Happy to have a consult call with you about how to do that research. Brilliant.

Speaker  867408:00
So we've not had time for some of the questions in the chat. Sorry about that, guys, but you can, you can email them into MDS at revenge consulting.com and or put them up in put them up in MDS. Thanks very much, Matt. It's great to have you on the call. So I picked up awesome I've been taking notes for my my company slack to put to put up. Need to check those. Check all my trademarks and yeah, from work out. So a lot of products I have a little bit generic, so be difficult to find design patterns, but it'd be interesting. So maybe, maybe some of the suppliers have them.

Speaker  877386:40
So yeah, let's make sure to capture all of these questions so that we can follow up with an email. I see one from Charles at the end here that I absolutely have an answer to Charles. No, not without express permission from the from the brand, unless the brand bundles it that way.

Speaker  881360:00
No, yeah, I think basically, from Sean's question at 40 minutes past that, those are the ones that you didn't that you didn't have time to cover.

Speaker  883808:00
Got it. I've got those captured and copied, and I'll put some time to that and see if I can get those answers to you today. If not, if not today, tomorrow. Great.

Speaker  885973:19
That'd be awesome. Well, thanks very much. If anyone wants to get in touch with Riverbend, it's MDS at Riverbend consulting.com you get one ace in review, a quarter. Was it one consultant quarter as well, potentially, and 10% off any service. So I know you guys have helped me out a few things in the past. I've always appreciated that.

Speaker  890709:20
And as Matt said a few times, if there are any questions you have where it may not be an Asian appeal, may not be a full console call, just feel free to email full transparency, that email goes directly to me, so I promise you, I will get back to you as soon as possible and make sure to get you guys answers to any of your questions.

Speaker  894666:40
We're here for you guys. Alright.

Speaker  895130:40
Thanks, guys. Record. Recording should be live up tomorrow. If you guys missed any of this, I want to re watch it. Bye.
