Women of MDS Monthly Call
Date: January 22, 2026

Speaker  6501:20
Hello. Hey, Dana, how are you I'm

Speaker  8261:20
doing great. How are you happy? New year,

Speaker  8789:20
new year. I was

Speaker  9093:20
gonna say, I'm not sure which one I'm looking at all these AI meeting ones. How you doing?

Speaker  11018:40
I'm good. How are you

Speaker  11546:40
busy? Have a good new year.

Speaker  12074:40
Yeah, we're I mean, we had a nice little break the team did, and now it's just so many events.

Speaker  13706:40
Yes, I say, are you in Miami?

Speaker  14138:40
I will be on Sunday. So,

Speaker  14906:40
yeah, four events. I know it's just such a busy time of the year. It's just like, I love going to the Miami thing, and I'm just like, there's no way I'm busy.

Speaker  17280:00
Yeah. Are you coming to inspire?

Speaker  18112:00
Yeah, I'll be at Inspire, and I'm going to be in the summit in my friend, I was trying to get on my I was trying to get on earlier to register and, like, I got in the app on my phone, but then I couldn't get in. Can we migrate something on, like, our desktops, where, like, I used to go in, where, like, you know, your credits and your payments were and everything,

Speaker  23653:20
yeah, we migrated. We're, like, migrating over everything to the app.

Speaker  24725:20
So that's okay. So is all that stuff in the app now,

Speaker  25717:20
and so we're working on migrating all, like, the credits and everything over. Okay, so all your memberships and your payments, you can't see that right now on the app. Okay, the tech team is working on building it into the app.

Speaker  29146:40
So where can we see that right now to do registration and stuff so

Speaker  30042:40
you can so for registration, everything is still on the app, but if you want to use like credits or whatever, you can reach out to Kat, okay, our events@mds.co and then she can help apply. So, kat@mds.co, okay. Kat, yeah, or event,

Speaker  34815:59
cat, cat, okay, mds.co, events.co, so it's Kat, at MDS events.co. Okay.

Speaker  38773:20
No, no, pat@mds.co,

Speaker  39461:20
oh, Pat, sorry.

Speaker  39749:20
Kat,

Speaker  39925:20
K, I T, K, A, T, oh, that's what

Speaker  40405:20
I said, Yeah. Kat, yeah, that's what

Speaker  41093:20
I had. No events, no

Speaker  41573:20
events. Got it.

Speaker  42597:19
We have a lot of meeting notes of people either joining or just sent, sent things.

Speaker  44154:40
I know I was looking at the Jennifer. I was like, Oh my gosh, look at all the AI. So I was like, What is going on? Like, people wanted to join and they want notes. There's Casey's here.

Speaker  47082:40
Yes, Hey, Casey, it

Speaker  47594:40
is last minute, though. So you know,

Speaker  48240:00
yeah, well, we have the February one, like I was looking we have the February one on the calendar. They're all on the

Speaker  49855:59
calendar, yeah, so

Speaker  50272:00
what we can do is just to keep going, like, why don't we just send you an agenda for February so we can just get that out this week or next week, so everybody gets on their calendar?

Speaker  52800:00
Okay, that'd be great.

Speaker  53728:00
Lots going on. Hey, Courtney, is there any update on moving over to WhatsApp? Some communication

Speaker  55493:20
so that we talked about it internally, and that is one of our projects for this quarter, trying to see if it makes sense. Because WhatsApp, we can't, we can't necessarily, like, monitor it and it'll show everybody's contact information. And so that's the issue with WhatsApp. Got it?

Speaker  61034:40
Okay? Yeah, it is great, though, but I get from a perspective, it might be challenging.

Speaker  62618:40
Yeah, Hey,

Speaker  62922:39
Anna, how are you? We're gonna wait a few minutes for people. Casey, nice to see you. Happy New Year.

Speaker  65504:00
Yeah, new year too. I got a Chinese red to get ready. Yeah, go ahead. Where's my

Speaker  67872:00
red envelope? Yeah, exactly.

Speaker  69248:00
Except China's new year's late this year, it's not till February,

Speaker  70069:20
yeah, pretty late is a crash with I'm going to visit celebrate Chinese New Year in China. It's last year. Was very well. I visited China, came back, took a break, short break, attending MDS inspire, and this year it just all together, yeah, yeah, it's i The jet lag is tough, yeah,

Speaker  78122:40
getting tougher. I noticed

Speaker  78698:40
because we we grow taller, right?

Speaker  79370:40
Yeah, exactly. That's right, we're taller, yeah.

Speaker  80186:40
Caller. Hi guys, hey. I'm trying to figure out how to get my face to show up. But I don't know why this is so hard for me. All the time, your phone, I'm on my phone. Yeah, there's like,

Speaker  83984:00
it was like, when you kind of just put your finger to float towards the bottom, it should pop up where you could turn your camera it's

Speaker  85717:20
saying I'm in safe driving mode. Oh,

Speaker  86469:20
yeah, if you're in safe driving mode, you cannot have your face.

Speaker  87237:20
Oh, my goodness, because

Speaker  87605:20
they don't want you looking at the camera while you're driving. It's to protect you from yourself.

Speaker  90229:20
But I'm here. Oh,

Speaker  90709:20
awesome. Can you remind me your business again? Ana

Speaker  91450:40
stretch is comfort. I do apparel right out of LA Yeah.

Speaker  93034:40
How was? How was well, this weekend, How was last year for you?

Speaker  93866:40
Um, I'm trying not to be too negative. I was talking to my husband because, you know, obviously, from covid, we did really big numbers. And then every year after covid, it seems like we've been going down about 20% and I'm, like, trying not to feel too bad about it, because at the end of the day, I mean, it's still, I'm still doing pretty big numbers. So I'm like, okay, you know, let's, let's look at a different way. You know, yes, my numbers are coming down. And, you know, I'm seeing some really crazy competition, some Chinese sellers that have come in, and I think they're really big. And I don't know what they're thinking of doing, but they've come in at half my price, and they're taking all a lot of my sales, but then at that price, I can't understand they have to be losing money. We're in apparel, and, you know the return rates

Speaker  111434:40
massively. Yeah,

Speaker  112026:40
so and and their and their advertising. So I don't I, I've been trying to understand what's going on, but I don't know. I don't know

Speaker  115312:00
our experience is in certain categories. Apparel is one of them, supplements is another one. Um, the there. There's a lot of money being invested in companies to just it's revenue generated. So it's like they're measured on revenue. They just want to take scale and revenue. They're not interested in profitability. A lot of the Chinese companies in different categories. And so we see that a lot. We see it in lighting, we see it in supplements, we see it apparel. There's certain categories will, they will go in and be, you know, half of people's prices, and just take share and take revenue to own a thing. And it's, you know, they're betting on the long term, on the long term profitability, not in the beginning.

Speaker  127098:40
I mean, I'm hoping they go out of business, but

Speaker  127770:40
I don't think so. These are normally really big, really big companies with really deep pockets,

Speaker  129504:00
and I'm hearing that the Chinese government is paying them, like a percentage of their sales. So who knows? Maybe that's what's that's how they're gonna make money, like, from money back from the government, I don't know.

Speaker  133440:00
Oh, so they're subsidized, is what you're saying. There are,

Speaker  134149:20
that's what I'm hearing.

Speaker  134501:20
There are incentives. We actually seen a couple in South Korea. We had a we had a client we were working with in South Korea, who the South Korean government, in order to launch on Amazon, was going to give him, like, $30,000 to spend, like, in the first 60 days. Wow. And so the 30,000 because they came to us and they're like, Hey, can we, I'm like, like, they're, they're like, could we, like, for PPC, could we, you know, we're gonna launch spending like, five grand in PPC, like, just to launch, to go, like, to five grand to 10 grand to 15 grand, they're like, can we, like, pre build, like, they're trying to how to use the money in a very short period of time. So they were asking if they could, almost, like, what are all the bills we could, you know, prepay, or like, do to, like, get the money from the government. And so it was really kind of interesting, because, because we were an American, you know, company that was going to manage their PPC, the South Korean government wouldn't give it to us, but they would pay this South Korean agency who didn't know the US market and didn't know how to run the PPC in the US they would give the money to them, which is going to be complete waste of the money. So it was fascinating to be a part of that. So I don't think you're wrong in terms of them being subsidized.

Speaker  154581:20
Yeah, so I don't, I'm not sure how to go on with that.

Speaker  156522:40
You know, I'm seeing more and more about, you know, brand ownership and, like, the story that we that we founders, need to be telling. You know, I always, I'm like, Oh, I don't want to do it, but I know it's important for me to be like, the face of the brand is to talk about my story. Do you do you do much of that? Because that will be the one differentiator, right? It's like, it's your story. You created it for your reason. Do you do much of that?

Speaker  162208:00
I do in my A plus, I have a module where I talk about, you know, because I do a lot of donate, donating. So I do talk about that, but, well, I guess that's it. Besides that, you know, I don't talk too much more about myself.

Speaker  168613:20
Yeah, I hate to say it girl, we got to get used to it. We got to start talking about ourselves.

Speaker  170389:20
Yeah, I agree, actually, I mean, but then it's hard, because I'm and the style that I'm thinking of, it's children's children's apparel. And, you know, as a parent, it's, it's hard to justify, like, spending double on something where I can get it for half the price, you know, from another company. So that's a little bit tough,

Speaker  178176:00
yeah, but well, so I'm in children's products too, and I so I know what you're saying, but you have a USA made product, there's a lot of value to that.

Speaker  180336:00
Well, I don't make any more in the US, because I'm in LA here, and they've pretty much made it impossible to do domestic production.

Speaker  183077:20
Yeah, there's that. So you're made in China, also

Speaker  183957:20
a good majority China, and I've also moved over to Cambodia.

Speaker  186533:20
Well, Ana just Casey.

Speaker  187562:40
So Casey, hi,

Speaker  188554:40
so what? What happened to your ranking?

Speaker  190298:40
Yeah, for that style that I'm I'm thinking of, it's definitely gone down. Because I know the the Chinese seller is his ranking is very good. So I know people are buying much more of that one versus mine.

Speaker  195200:00
Are you spending a lot of money, right?

Speaker  196736:00
I I guess so.

Speaker  198229:20
Would that be, would that be, right? Dana, they're spending a bunch of money to get higher ranking. Yeah.

Speaker  199333:20
I mean, they're spending a lot of PPC. It depends on what the PPC is, and, yeah. And also, I guess, you know, it's one of these things. I'll give you an example of something we're struggling with right now. We haven't have a product that has a patent, that is very strong patent, and what keeps happening is, we pet, we play like Whack a Mole with people who are fraudulent around it. And I don't know if there's anything in your category, I'd have to look at your category. But like, the example is, is like people keep coming out with like they come out with a similar type jar, it's a supplement a similar type jar. And then make all these claims that the product is, is the same thing, right? And it or it's better, or it's whatever. And so literally, what we have to do is order the product test. It. Take the testing, make a case, submit the testing, say they have, you know, and do it within that Amazon rules they're making false claims. The what they say on what they the picture on the Asin and what you receive is not the same thing. It's a different picture. So it's like, there's all these clauses that Amazon says, which is like, what you claim is in the bottle has to be in the bottle. And so if it's not, you submit the claim. Then if we notice that the picture, what the picture says, or the whatever on your on your thing, is like, I would almost order your competitors and see, like, is the thread count. What they say it is, is the quality. What they say it is, is the material? What they say it is, is what this pictured on it? Is it the same that they shipped to you? Especially with children's stuff, because people are paranoid about, like, Amazon's paranoid in the children's category, like, if you have a superior fabric, if you're to me, the differentiators are, if it's just a me too, you know, it's more difficult. But if you're different, you like, you have a, you know, you're because it's made in Cambodia, you have a higher quality cotton. You have a better thread count, you know, if it's, you know, not flammable, like, I'm trying to think of all the differentiators, right? If it's, you know, breathable, if it's whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, like, whatever, makes you different. How I would combat it is, I would order their product, and I would take I would look at every claim they make on Amazon. I would look at what they say in the label, and I would see if there's anything they're saying that's not true. And then what happens is, if you put in a case for that, they will take the asin down. But then what happens is, it is whack a mole, meaning, like a week later, it'll come up and they've changed it, or they'll come up with something different, or they'll come up with a different picture, or they'll take some of the claims down, or they'll do whatever. And then you literally have to keep doing that over and over and over again. There, there is, you know, Amazon makes, does not police their categories for anybody, you have to be the police for your own product. Because, you know, if you're making true claims and making good product, regardless if they're both being made in China, you could be making it for twice as expensive. Maybe you have all cotton, and they have cotton and polyester or whatever, like, I mean, when it comes to children's clothes. I mean, my daughter was smaller, like, you know, though, I would look at some of that stuff, like, what is it? What is it made out of? What is it, you know, is it healthier on her skin? What is it, you know, like, I would look at some of that stuff. I mean, I think the generation of parents, they do look at some of that stuff, and I would pay more, I can remember, I mean, I would buy bamboo leggings for her I would buy like parents when they're little kids. I mean, I know what age group here clothes are for, but parents will spend more for organic, for bamboo, for natural products, for natural fibers, for things that wash easier, for things that stains come out easier. For me, parents will pay more for that stuff.

Speaker  260912:00
Yeah, that's a good idea. Actually, I'm actually looking I ordered it a couple days ago, and I'm looking at the shirt of my competitor, and it's actually dirty. It looks like somebody returned it. There's hair on it and stuff, but that's a good idea. I'm gonna look into it more,

Speaker  265957:20
you know, yeah, Dana, you raise a really good point, and you're right, we kind of forget that they might look and sound the same, Ana, but they're not at all. You speak to the real difference of it. I keep forgetting that honestly.

Speaker  269274:40
Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, because we're kind of another mentality as people. We don't realize we're constantly being marketing, manipulated, right? Even those of us who do it all the time, we don't realize that that's what like, it's everything in front of us is constantly being manipulated. I were running joke with my mom, she'll be on Instagram or she'll look at things. I found this great thing on Instagram and I ordered this gizmo. I'm like, I'm out. Like, okay, did you make sure they have a DTC site? Did you make sure they have because anybody anywhere can post anything and claim anything, and a lot of people are fraudulent. A lot of people don't ship what they say they're going to ship, you know, all those things like, the more we're in the back end, digging around, like, with this particular client, with this competitor, it's like, like, every one of these jars, like we tested, they claim they had 300 milligrams of the stuff. They had eight milligrams of it, or they had zero of the ingredient. So just think about that. They're putting all these supplements we've tested, we literally have a spreadsheet. There's been about 50 competitors that have come after this particular product. We've taken down 30 of them because we've tested it and come back with the results and went and you have to test it in an Amazon lab. Here's why this product needs to be taken down and, and then what's even weird is, like, you think, okay, a lawyer can send like, a cease and desist, or a lawyer can send, like, you know, a message, or whatever, because there's a patent, Ana doesn't, Amazon doesn't even care that there's a patent and, and so Amazon puts it on you to prove it. And so you go to try to send a cease and desist, and the addresses on these bottles are like a field in the middle of the United States. So the US address is like a field there's like no like nothing there. And then if they have an address in Hong Kong or in China somewhere, the addresses don't exist, so you can't even get to the company. And so any little thing that lacks integrity or truthfulness to the consumer. Because, remember, Amazon's biggest thing in life is customer obsession, anything that's trying to defraud, default or trick the consumer. That you can point out, you know, not emotionally in a very factual case, to Amazon is a way to take down a competitor. I mean, that's kind of the only approach we know how to do it. But it's, it is tedious, it is diligent. It is whack a mole. I mean, like you get one down and another one pops up, or the same one pops up with a different company name. We literally have one of these competitors in China that actually it's out of Hong Kong, who we took down, and they same people. Put it in a different bottle. Took that down, they put it in a different bottle. And we know it's the same people because it's the same stupid address on the thing and that it's the same ingredients and stuff. Yeah, you got to say Ana all the time. But, I mean, you can do it. It's just, you know, takes a lot of work, right? Yeah. And the more you can differentiate your, you know, you can A, B, test your main image and your alt images, now, the more you can differentiate your alt, your main image and your alt images. And really kind of, what we're finding that's working more and more is like, less is more in the alt images, in terms of like, text, you know, like, I'm going to make it up, but let's say yours is 100% bamboo, like, your stuff that comes from Cambodia, or whatever, 100% cotton. It's like 100% cotton, breathable. That's all we would put on the alt with, like, the picture, whatever, like, really calling out in your particular category. Like, what are they? Who is your consumer? You can go into your Amazon like demographics and find out it's like women between the ages of 25 and 40 are buying that stuff. Okay, well, then what are moms between that age group by looking for, so if it's 100% breathable or, like, what are the what are all the buzz words? And then that's what you try to put and then try to differentiate your alt image as much as you can by AB testing, like, just whatever you can, a B test, you know, like, for example, one of the things we did with with one of our clients, is we had a picture of the packaging, and we can't get away with using certain words in the advertising because it makes some medical claims, so we actually put the terminology like on the bag. So it's a picture of the bag we like wrote the medical like thing that it solves for on the bag. Now it's on the bag when you get it, when you get it, but it's much smaller, so we just made it bigger on the bag in the in the main image, and that AB test ended up coming back like 7030 so we switched to that main image as an example, because people couldn't read the claim on the bag, and we can't make that claim anywhere else in the tax so we just made it it's not that big on the actual bag when you get it, but it's, but it's, it's still on the front, but we just made it bigger for the image. Does that make sense? So I don't know if, like, your clothes come in a package or in a bag or something where, like, if you showed, like, a little t shirt, but then you showed, like, you know, if it ships in a little pouch or something, for example, you could write text on the little pouch that says 100% breathable, like something that differentiates you. I'm kind of making up because

Speaker  356815:59
I don't know what your products are. No that's a good that's a good idea. You're, giving me ideas. Thank you for that.

Speaker  358325:20
No, it's just trial and error. It's just, we just do it a lot. So well,

Speaker  359493:20
it's the things we is it things we forget because we're just in it, right? Our heads are down, and this is why these calls are so valuable, right? Because, like, even I had forgotten it. I think I'm with it. But then again, I forget to Angie, how are you sure? Casey, How was last year?

Speaker  365210:39
Yeah. Casey, how did you do?

Speaker  366106:40
Is Flat sales revenue. We were not down, but we are flat as 2024, we introduced a few products early 2025 but it didn't make, you know, we're still growing it. It was some products down, some to have up. So we're flat. We are introduced a few products, like the product came in late, so, like after Christmas, between New Year, we're trying to grow that I am thinking about, you know, I have a sort of a checklist, the product launch checklist. And, you know, I do that. I had a weakening yesterday. How much is focused on Amazon? And, you know, do this title? Do that? You know, a, b plus a plus hero image. So I want to have a balance of introducing new products. You know, we are bringing, where have a YouTuber to review it. So have a sort of a balance, you know, on the, on the, you know, blog, maybe more videos on social media, all that. See how, see, we do. This is funny, a one of a product got a one star review. Vine review. Actually, I posted on our group, you know, so yours, I don't know this is scam, blah, blah, blah, you know, all that one star and the feedback from MDS. So you're done, you're done, but we're still selling after that continue to sell. So I was thinking, Why? Why is that right? One is maybe we, we've been, you know, promoting it in our newsletter. Who people know us? Maybe they know and maybe one of the product we took to a YouTuber. She been talking about she has her base, you know, trust.

Speaker  401695:59
What is the product? I was gonna look it up real quick. What is it?

Speaker  402576:00
Knit. Pal, Kat, NiP, pal, K, N, i, t, p, a, l, if you get on my storefront is all lined up there. Okay, do Okay,

Speaker  407061:20
so, yeah, you have, you have your live events on there. You have a the first thing you have is this crochet lady doing a spotlight right across the top, which gives you great credibility.

Speaker  409861:20
Yeah, that's all the new product. We introduced this in January. She, she's my, one of my staff, which is just working with us for that's great. So we do she does that once a week. I just pick a product. Talk about it, whether you know, she scheduled a bond which

Speaker  415738:40
one got the bad review

Speaker  416378:40
the weekend we can wrap crochet that one. Did you see we can

Speaker  420143:59
look at the cow, the one, the 1234, the fifth one from your computer, the fifth one

Speaker  422693:19
on the Yeah, I'm on your brand store.

Speaker  423413:20
So yes, you see the video, move one to the first two of the bags, and you and the third one, sorry, the third one

Speaker  426341:19
the bag. Oh, the little the little critters,

Speaker  427098:39
yes, the neck warmer, the call, we call cow,

Speaker  428458:40
oh, the neck warmer, got it. Okay,

Speaker  429242:40
got it. I've noticed that with vine reviews, you know, it's kind of hit or miss, because a lot of these people are just grabbing stuff, whatever they have available. So I, you know, I'm not too worried about the reviews, and as long as you get enough, because I always start with vine, and then we always end up with about 24 reviews. And you know, some are weird reviews, but the rest are pretty good. So I, you know, I haven't had any new launches like die because of these weird reviews.

Speaker  439781:20
Yeah, I was gonna say one of the things we we like, sometimes don't even use. I was trying to see if I can see the review. What I was gonna say about the review is, if you get a bad review, you could go look at it, and if it seems I can't find if you want to send it to me, I can look at it. But if you get a review that you think is like spam, or you think is like some competitor, or some like, weird, whatever you can, you can appeal it like, you know, like, if they make a claim, like, so sometimes people will and Amazon's doing better about it. What'll happen is we've seen lately where we won't even submit a review to be removed, and Amazon will review it and come back and tell us, we remove these two reviews because they weren't appropriate, where it's like, we will be very clear in the a plus content like, you know, it comes like this, and will state whatever the hell it is, and then the review will be like, well, I, I didn't, you know it wasn't, they didn't tell us this, and it's very clear in the a plus that you said it, but they didn't read it. You can have it removed like that,

Speaker  458293:19
only vine reviews, or are you talking about

Speaker  458954:40
any review anywhere interesting. You can put any case in ever to have a review removed. If it is, you know, obviously, if it's inappropriate, if they use swear words, if they, if they malign you, if they, if they say something that you clearly stated in the asin, and they say you didn't or they didn't know, you can appeal it. Now it doesn't always work, but you can appeal it. But what we've found with vine is like there are products we launched now we do not use Vine at all because vine has gotten really bad.

Speaker  469535:59
So what do you mean? In what way are saying bad?

Speaker  470757:19
Because in the past, Vine used to give you just you give people free products, they would mostly say nice things. You get three to five stars in you know, in order, where the reviews will kill you is if you are below four stars for any Prime Day deal days, certain coupons promotions, all kinds of things like, if your star rating is below 4.0 you don't qualify. So what will happen is you will have a product that you know has a 3.9 and you can't do coupons, certain coupons, or discounts, or brand promotions or all kinds of stuff. So at a minimum, your reviews have to be to four. And so vine has become more like, people try a product and give like, a two star review, and be like, Oh, well, we gave two star because, blah, blah, blah, but you know, it really is a good brand. It's like, it doesn't matter what they say. You know, if anybody claims in a in a review that packaging was broken or like the box was dented, that's all on Amazon, those have to be removed. But yeah, so there's certain things we don't use Vine, what we will do is we will. We will basically have we, we have a system that's cumbersome, but where we have any sale that's made, we will go in and hand request reviews, which is what you can do from every single sale that's made. And that way, you know, it's a verified person, you have to figure out, based on the product, what's the appropriate time to ask for the review like, you know, is it two weeks? Is it one week? Is it five days? Like, you know, when we have the most best chance of getting a better review and hand request every single review.

Speaker  499807:59
Dana, I I copy the link in the chat.

Speaker  501135:59
Okay, great. I was just gonna look to see if there was something inappropriate that you could take it down.

Speaker  502917:20
Yeah, everything about that review is appropriate. We reach out to brand register. We did to my team did two things. It didn't they ignored it. Why? On wine review. My last launch we did, we paid at $20 for this much. It didn't came in, you didn't, it didn't deliver. And this time, I thought, you know, we just get two reviews per SKU, and that's it. For free. That's it, and it's working for my niche. I'm selling without reviews. You know, not much, but here and there, yeah,

Speaker  515759:59
where's the link in the chat? I don't see it.

Speaker  517664:00
Do you don't see the

Speaker  518597:20
I see all these AI people, I don't see

Speaker  519653:20
you see Laurie,

Speaker  520037:20
oh, there you go. I just got it. I got it.

Speaker  520997:20
Okay, got it. How are you doing?

Speaker  522581:20
Jennifer, you know what I'm doing, great. Thank you for asking. Yeah, we had a we had a good year, not as robust as we've had in years past, but we think that it resolved itself. But yeah, no, this we just really feel good about where we ended. We are more profitable, so that's awesome, but this year, we are Amazon's still a big focus. But we're, we are we're having, we have a really big retail push. We have an agency that's pushing into retail, and so far so good people are thrilled about our product. So we think we're going to have a really good retail year. But then our third leg is international distribution, so we are pushing that too. So we have three major, major initiatives this year that we're working on. It's going to be really cool. I can't wait to touch base next year at this time.

Speaker  534965:19
Yeah, it's crazy. We all have to mark the date, you know, it's the 22nd of January, and go, like, what is everybody's goals? And that's really should be. Maybe that's what the February session should be. You did that last year. Jennifer, that was so good. Was really like, sending out the agenda to say, Okay, what's everybody's goals? Do we want to help? Help everybody accountable? Like, if you're three, like, if your three big goals are, you know, retail and international, you know, growth. Like, it's like, you know what, what's going on, right?

Speaker  541962:39
Yeah, I just, I recognize, and again, when I write things down, they get done, right? And then I can go back month after month. And some years I'm really good at it. Some years I'm not as good. This year, I'm very I'm very I'm already really good at it. So every month I can go back and go, oh yeah, I did that. Oh yeah, I did that. Yeah. And, you know, just, it just puts energy into the universe that we're making things happen, yeah,

Speaker  547840:00
I stomp into there's a sort of workbook by Mel Robbins. Do you know who she is? Yes, she's wonderful. Make, uh, she had a podcast on make a 2020, 26 a better year. There's a workbook. So you go through, was it high points? Was your low point? 2025, what you learned? So the ending that lead to three questions, which is super helpful is you can download the workbook, what you can continue to what are you continue doing? What are you going to stop doing in 2026 and what you're going to start doing? That's Jennifer. What exactly you said is, you have goals, but you have to revisit your goals. I'm doing the right thing to make that goal to, you know, materialize that goal. She has a little bit, you know, sort of a question. You know, every week, what you do every morning, you have to remind yourself it's a great tool.

Speaker  564688:00
There's like, I was on a call a few weeks ago. I belong to this longevity group, and he was talking about goals and why we don't meet them sometimes. And I was saying how sometimes I have a, I have a struggle to clean my desk, right, because I'm doing a bunch of things. And he made, he got it down to what's the what's what happens inside when I meet the goal, or what's what's inside for the goal, and then it becomes, it becomes more, really, like, you feel what the goal is about, versus writing it on a piece of paper. And I've been trying to sort of lean into, like, what's this goal mean to me? Like, like, not why I should do it, but what's the meaning behind getting it done and doing the growth that sort of sort of changed my mindset on goal creation.

Speaker  574938:40
You know what I mean. And I don't know about you guys, but I'm a visual person, so you guys, ever heard of the big planner?

Speaker  577232:00
Oh, but Jesse says, Jesse, what's his name? Is Itzler? Sarah Blakely says he has a he has his gigantic, yes, probable, gigantic calendar, yes.

Speaker  580752:00
So the big planner, it's been around forever. I mean, it's not a new idea. I mean, we used to do this. Quite frankly, I'll totally age myself in the 90s. We, you know, I had a room that had the calendar by quarters. And that's how we did business planning, before we owned all this technology, right? And the whole company, it was running a $500 million company, you know, actually, the when it was old school, we used to do that. And so when I was running this huge company in 2009 huge company in 2009 I went back old school, and in the conference room, we put every quarter on the wall, you know, permanently, right? And we sat and we planned the whole year on this wall with executive team, and the whole world could see this. And it was like, what are all the big, you know, what are all the big, you know, you know, the the rocks and the whatever and, and there's something about the wall that holds you accountable. And so it was funny. I I went back old school. I bought two of those calendars. I put one up for my kid to be like, this year you have to apply to give to finish your junior year, start your senior year, apply for college. Like, what are all the benchmarks you have to accomplish in the next you know, 12 months? And then I did that for me to be like, and it's funny, because I had them on the floor, we were working on them, and we have a hallway, and they're both going to go on this like, I'm purposely taking there's nothing on this hallway. It's like they're going on this hallway wall that we have to walk past multiple times a day.

Speaker  602341:20
Yeah, right,

Speaker  602869:20
because there's something about the visual. Like, you know, you can put your phone down, you can close your laptop, you can you can be on them and not see stuff. You can have your notebook sitting on table. But, man, if you got to walk past something every day, you're either going to do something about it, or you're going to race it and change it, or you're going to move it, or you're going to, like, you're going to have to deal with it, at least me anyway.

Speaker  608432:00
Yeah, it's really interesting because, like, I am not fully done with my entire year, but I have a Google doc that's like, all the travel, all the things, and I do quite like seeing the year, the year in advance, and I'm this close to mine, when those stupid big calendars, I just don't have wall space in my office to do it, but I kind of want to, because I want to see it. I don't want to be this big, so I Oh, I might do it,

Speaker  613989:20
I know, because that was my thing. Like, I grew up in the generation where we always had it on the wall, because, no, I had the daytime, right? So you could see the whole year, and you could see the months, and you could see that in it. And you know, you would do your, you know, all the covey stuff we did, all that Covey training, all that training. That's the generations I grew up in. And you had your, you know, how you know how you do your notes and how you do your circles and your check marks, and you know, and that mentality, write it down, check it off. What do you move to the next page? What do you what's long term, short term in the day? What are the hardest rocks you do in the morning that you don't want to do, but if you get those three hard things done, the rest of the day is going to be so much better. And like it just it just made things. And, quite frankly, the more technology, the more I'm going back to the way I was much more productive, which is to do all those things I did in corporate America for 25 years, that where I ran, you know, big companies and big stuff. And it was just, it's, I even actually got color coded books. So I was like, I was putting everything in one book. And I'm like, This is too much. I have one for my daughter's life to run her life. That's like, everything from her doctor's appointments to her college, you know, stuff that has all the to do, lists with tabs and the checklist for her and the checklist for me. I have one for the business, you know, that I do. And then I have a personal one for like the family and the house goals and everything else we've got to do. So I have three colored books, and it's like, okay, what am I working on now? Okay, I'm picking up. I'm starting with work, and this is what I'm doing. Okay, I'm putting this down because now I'm going to work on the family stuff. What do we need to do for this? What's going on? Okay, I'm putting this down now I'm taking because the organization of your mental space is what I'm trying to be more productive at.

Speaker  642416:00
Yeah, Yeah, same. How do you do your planning?

Speaker  643168:00
Casey, I'm I have a Google Doc. Is I make a quarterly go crawly, you know, quarterly goes and, you know, what's the goals? What's the actions? Who owned it? I I printed out. I'm a video person. I printed out. It is in my bag. So every day I have, you know, see it. I think this year, I did little bit different. This year, learning from Mel Robbins is, one is, I want to make realistic goals, not too big. I feel bad I couldn't do it. I couldn't accomplish it. Another thing is, I said Monday morning is my I don't talk to anybody. Just really reflect, reflection. I set a calendar on my on my just a reminder. Review your quarterly goals. So I don't do that every Monday, but there are Mondays. I do it. I print it out. I have a copy say, Do I do anything to to meet that goal? Oh, I need to do this. You know, one of my goal is just outsourcing. I don't spend too much time on daily operations. So am I doing that? So what I need to do to get there? So that's a reminder every Monday morning,

Speaker  666181:19
yeah, yeah, yeah. So

Speaker  666810:40
we do that's interesting. That's what we was always taught. Like, anything you want to do, you have to put on your calendar. And it's what I'm trying to do better, is, like, even that thing, like, exercise, like, it like, you know, like, you always wouldn't, like, put it there, because you think, like, why would I put that on my calendar? It's like, like, literally, block out the entire time, rather than leaving blank spaces on the calendar. Now, where I'm where I'm like, Oh, good. I have a two hour gap I'm going to do planning. I like put business planning this, even though it's not like a meeting, and I color code it all now so that at the end of the week, Casey, I can say I spent, you know, six hours on strategy. I spent six hours on one on one conversations internally, I spent six hours on conversations externally. I spent this amount in networking, like I color code all of it. And then what Google will do is, at the end of the week, it'll tell you where you spent your time. And I can look at that and go, Yeah, I spent too much time focused on this, and I didn't spend enough time on this. And then at the end of the month, it'll say, Here's where you spent like, and you can block your hours, let's say from eight to five or seven to four, whatever you want to do. And it will capture, you know, your color coding to say, like, what, where did you spend your time? Because that is the most valuable asset we have, is time. And I don't know about any of you, but it's the hardest. But it's the hardest thing for me to manage productively.

Speaker  689376:00
Sometimes, yeah, there's this thing called goal and congruency. Or you might have a goal Casey of whatever it is. You're like, not too big, not too small. But if every week you go back and look, you're just not doing it like it, then you're not aligned with it, right? There's alignment of your goal. Like, yes, I like to do this thing. I really want to do this thing, but you're never putting any time to it that I you know, didn't take it off your list, because you're just not going to do it, to be honest, right? Because there's those, there's like, I want to have a 10 million hour company, but then you get to have, you get to 5 million, and you just get in your own way and you sabotage yourself. That's goal incongruency. And I've been really trying to pay attention, like, is this the goal I really want to accomplish? And am I committed all the way to the end of it? I'm going to do it daily, and if I find myself not doing it all, I'm like, Okay, I'm not committed yet next year, maybe, or whatever. The thing is, that's a

Speaker  702506:40
great I didn't hear that word before. But what's interesting about that Jennifer is like, coming into the entrepreneurial world. What's so fascinating about that is,

Speaker  706079:59
I think what people do is they get afraid and do sabotage themselves, but they don't ever realize that that's what they're doing. It's all internal, right? It's all internal. So I don't think it ever gets to your point. That might be a good topic too, for this group, because it's like, it's like, or they set that goal because they think that's what they're supposed to do,

Speaker  710933:20
right? They don't do it. But

Speaker  711221:20
in reality, it's not what they're supposed to do. It's okay if they have a $5 million company, and it's okay if they sell it in five years, and it's okay if they go do something else, or it's okay if they don't they want to keep it that way as a lifestyle business forever and never do more with it. It's okay this

Speaker  715461:20
is to get that, get it out of your head, because it takes up the take up space. That goal you're gonna get to,

Speaker  716890:39
yeah, I'm

Speaker  717370:39
I like it this, I got this. I use it daily. The little thing, yeah, well, I realized it's get out of your head. That's more you wanna walk in, I have outside office, which is great. I walk in. I have so many things on my own. When you do this, I need to do this, so I write it down. I write it down. So it's really help so, so I can just focus on this thing that right now not worry about, oh, what I'm gonna do next, because I won't forget it's on here. Yeah, already, yeah. So it's, yeah, we all go back to writing notes.

Speaker  727061:20
Yeah? Well, it's funny. One of the things, one of the things my husband, I started doing, go ahead.

Speaker  728597:20
Ana, oh no, it wasn't me.

Speaker  729701:20
Are you there? Do you? Yeah? What's your what's your goal this year? Yeah?

Speaker  730837:20
Am I muted? No, no. You know, I'm actually really grateful that you guys are bringing up all this, like, the goals and being intentional, because I I've been feeling really like out of control lately. I feel like I'm like a victim of, you know, I don't know just everything, which is, you know, not a good way to think I need to be more intentional of my time every day. I don't know. I feel like I've just been like, so out of it, I don't know if I'm like, in para menopause or something, but I feel like my brain is just struggling too. But definitely I need to get more intentional with my time and really, like, break out the hours and put like, you know, my schedule into the hours. Yeah.

Speaker  749050:40
Angie, are you there? We'd love to hear from you. You muted.

Speaker  752266:40
Can you hear me? Yeah, now we

Speaker  752656:00
can. How are

Speaker  752944:00
you happy? New Year. Happy. New

Speaker  753344:00
Year. Everyone. My goal this year is just money. That's it. That's going on my vision board. That's what I'm going to be eating and sleeping, and that's it.

Speaker  756512:00
That's it. Generating revenue. I don't

Speaker  757088:00
want to over complicate anything. I just say, Dana,

Speaker  758309:19
I said, I said, that's your, that's your, that's your goal. Is it? Is it revenue or cash flow?

Speaker  759941:20
It's, it's cash flow. Okay, cash flow. So I just want to focus on cash flow and what things how you know things are going economically, like, it's better to just have a lot of, like, cash on hand, and that's basically what I'm going to just be focusing on, like just opening it up to the universe. Wherever I can get money I'm going to get it, and that's what it's going to be.

Speaker  767002:40
What are you working on right now? Um,

Speaker  767898:40
I told you, I mentioned I took some time off to focus more on health. So that's kind of like what I'm finishing up. Like I recently signed up to do one of those genetic testing stuff because I wanted to kind of learn more about what awaits me in the coming years, the like things that I need to look out for, things that regular blood tests are not going to reveal. And just kind of like moving forward from there and just seeing listening to my body. Because I think, you know, sometimes as business women, we don't really listen a lot. As mothers as there's just so much. And I think I forgot who was just talking like you, you get burnt out, and then you can't focus, and then you just get stuck, because we are managing so many things. And I was just like, it's this is not healthy. I need to stop and really just pick a few things and see what's going on in my body and really listen, because I have a track record of ignoring signs, you know, and I think we do that a lot. I don't want to, I don't want to generalize, but I feel like everyone here might ignore a few signs that we we should be just focusing on, whether it be a pain or an ache or just even mental fog, that we should just pause and do that. So that's kind of what I was focusing on towards the end of the year and this year. So I'm waiting for my genetic testing results and looking into a few different other tests that I want to do. I think biome is a good one. I saw them talking about MDS life style, or life there's another MDS group that talks about stuff like that. So that's it. And after

Speaker  796250:40
for you, that's wonderful.

Speaker  796810:40
Yeah, I do. I do all of that stuff, Angie, if you want to talk about it, I just want to call recently about that very topic that we if you got to get your sleep right, your food right, and your fitness right, if you have those things, right, but you're living through pain, forget it. None of it's working. So living with consistent pain ages you seven times faster than everything else. It's like a slow drain of your battery. So if you don't, if you have any pain that you're just working through, just might will just stop everything else and deal with the pain. Once the pain goes away, then you can work on all the other things.

Speaker  805557:20
Yeah, and because I've been, like, you know, having chats with chat GDP, of course. And basically, like, one thing is that we are, we are the asset, right? We are the ones that keep going. We're the ones that run everything. We run the household, we run the business, we make the money, you know. And if we are down, then, you know, there's a lot of things that are attached to us that go down as well, so the best thing we can do is really just pour back into ourselves. And I don't want to learn the hard way. So yep, one of the

Speaker  813738:40
things I can highly recommend to you Angie, if you haven't done it, because Jennifer is really good at it, and she kind of inspired me to do some stuff. And so I did all my blood work, and I did all that stuff earlier this year. But I also did a prev no scan, an MRI scan, the full body MRI scan. It's expensive. If you don't have the cashes, give it right away. You can do it in payments. You can do like you can do it any way you want. But it was a single best mental mind thing, because, you know, checks, 500 types of cancer, you do the whole body. It'll tell you where you have arthritis. It'll tell you, if they find anything, it'll tell you all this stuff, and you have a mental and then I took that scan and my blood work into my internist, and I'm like, here, these are the things I want followed up on. And he's like, Absolutely, because you taking, you know, asserting your own, you know, authority over your own health and body. Because women's issues get ignored all the time. You know there, I can't tell you how many studies I've read where it's like, women go into my your my lower back would hurt and, Oh, what happened was my specific my shoulder hurt. Oh, yeah, it's probably just menopause, whatever, whatever. My husband goes in, it's like he gets an MRI ordered. Because they don't look at women's health. They think they think they blame everything on menopause and everything else, rather than looking at, yeah, you really have an issue. Mine was, I had the MRI my I'm bone on bone on my shoulder, completely degenerative.

Speaker  834736:00
Wow. But the

Speaker  835040:00
doctor was like, Ah, it's probably just menopause. Sometimes you get aches and pains in your shoulders, wow. So yeah, and so I can't applaud you more. Everybody should be doing it.

Speaker  837957:20
What's the service you go get those done,

Speaker  838981:19
the blood tests. There's all kinds of services. I don't know. Jennifer, who do you use?

Speaker  840565:20
We use 100 health, but I'm probably going to do ones called Get peak health, which is more full service concierge, not the 50 or 100 grand that's sort of out there. But I haven't, I haven't really looked into the pre novo, and that would be a good start. I've done biome, I've done 100 I've done I've done borrow markers, I've done all of those things, all and they're kind of expensive at the end of the day, a couple $1,000 but it gives you a real base of where you're at. So like, i i I believe in it, but I'm interested Dana in the pre Novo scan. I guess I was in my brain. I forgot about it. How much was it?

Speaker  849824:00
Yeah, it's like, there's one that's, they started like 820 400 and then there's one that's like 3900 which, to me, the $3,900 one was like, over the top in terms of what you need, like, based on our age and like, if you don't have any, I mean, it was, it was my shoulders that were the one part that was like aching the most. But I also know I have some degenerative arthritis in my neck and my lower back from arthritis from being a gymnast for years, so but it was also more like, for me, it was more like getting a mental set about, like, you know, I have a friend with, you know, stage four colon cancer. I'm a friend with this cancer. I have a friend with this cancer, and I'm like, it was more mentally me going, like, I just want to make sure, like, my heart and my lungs and there's no cancer and there's nothing. There's no masses anywhere. There's nothing, you know what I mean. And so that was more my mental health. So I chose the one that was, like, the $2,400 one that was, it's full body. It's like an hour. And you know, they recommend you do it once a year. And like I said, the one that's above it is kind of like, way over the top. I think if you're not, like, have a huge history in the family of, like, massive stuff, right? I mean, if you did have a massive history, maybe you'd want the more expensive one and the lower one's only like the torso. But I'm like, No, I want my brain scanned. I want everything scanned. I want everything done. Best money I've ever spent, I recommend everybody do it. And the one I use for blood work, Angie to ask answer that question is function health. Because function health actually partnered with a client I have. And so a client I have who's into longevity really vetted out function health and really knows the people that run it really well. And then function health, interestingly enough, is now doing a like partnering with someone else to do scans. So but their skin seem more expensive than the prevno. And prevno is actually a VC startup. It's actually being funded by big VC out of Los Angeles, and will continue to be so in terms of a stability the company and the experience. It's con shares concierge level experience, and it's wonderful. And, yeah, I mean, it's, it's really good, yeah.

Speaker  886741:20
About my kids get peak function health. It was on sale for like, two, 395, it is

Speaker  888533:20
during Christmas, yeah, yeah. And the function health is really good because it does every blood has no demand. And then, and then what can happen is, if you have particular questions, you then have enough of a start to go into a doctor where you can say this needs to be checked, and then you can go through your insurance, right? So it's kind of like it gives you enough of a piece of paper to have your doctors and really dig in and have it be covered. So yeah, yeah, I did. My daughter was having some problems, and her pediatrician, she's 16, wasn't taking her seriously. And so I went, did function health, paid 299 did function health, and, you know, she had like, 15 blood tests come back up normal. And so I walked into the doctor and went, will you now do what I need you to do? So, you know, it's, um, I'm, I'm, when it comes to health, I'm not. And I think Angie you said it is like we can't sit back and wait as women, because I don't think the medical system, and the more I read about it, it just doesn't cater to everything that we go through with our bodies and and the insurance system of this country and the health system in this country, doesn't it just looks at the surface and things get missed in our children and in us. I think that's

Speaker  909242:39
interesting, that this turned into health, because I think we don't talk about that enough. There's running our businesses, and there's mental health, and then there's physical health. Yeah, we don't stay on top of that. Forget the rest of it's over, and

Speaker  912234:40
when we're younger, we don't think about it. So Angie, I commend you, because, you know, I mean, I think all of us are a little older, and I can't see your face and how old you are, but, you know, it's like, I just, I wish I well, maybe everybody says they wish they did more when they were younger, but I do wish we started earlier. You know, I wish I'd

Speaker  917477:20
known more for sure, but

Speaker  917845:20
it wasn't available. Jennifer, I don't think it was out there and wasn't available.

Speaker  918837:19
And, yeah, I mean, and mental fitness was like, wooey, wooy stuff. Like, nobody believed in it, right? And you didn't talk

Speaker  920245:20
about it. I mean, I was in corporate America, if you talked about any mental well health, you could, you would never be promoted again. And you look at fire

Speaker  922229:20
now, well, in corporate

Speaker  922869:20
America, corporate corporate America, you can't but like, I mean, more and more It's becoming mainstream, and the generation behind us, my daughter, I mean, they give mental health days at school, like kids are allowed in high school take mental health days. I mean, it's like, what that generation is going to change corporate America, because they're going to have mental health days, or those companies aren't have employees like, I mean, think about it, right? You know, they're, it's very common for them to talk about, you know, people in therapy, or people on the spectrum, or people this, or like, their vocabulary and their experience is so a 180 to us that it's just, it's going to be amazing to watch.

Speaker  934373:20
Alright, girls, we have two minutes left. I really appreciate you coming to our call. I know it was super last minute. And you know the next meeting is coming up, we'll probably be more well attended. And I just, I appreciate you all, and I wish you an awesome rest of the month and rest of the year. And let's put our goals on paper. Handling Yes.

Speaker  939274:40
And then next, ladies, the next meeting is scheduled for February 26 at noon, so we're gonna Jennifer and I will get a agenda out real quick and and get that out to everybody so we can get on the calendar, and then Courtney will send it out. Awesome.

Speaker  943402:40
Thank you all very much. Thank you, Courtney.

Speaker  943914:39
Thanks guys. Have a

Speaker  944112:00
great day. Bye, bye, bye.
