MDS Mogul Call Hotseat with Leslie Eisen
Date: February 18, 2026

Speaker  00:00
Give you something for the past two weeks, and I just got buried.

Speaker  1168:00
Oh, don't worry about it. I ended up finding a partner that's gonna work great.

Speaker  2800:00
So, perfect. That's great. Yeah, that's wonderful.

Speaker  5088:00
Leslie, how's it going?

Speaker  5941:20
Good, good. 17 you in a while, I see now your face is going to be inspired.

Speaker  7397:20
Yeah, I'm getting famous,

Speaker  8293:20
getting some confidence here, huh?

Speaker  9013:20
Yeah, I'm just, yeah, trying to be involved.

Speaker  10373:20
Alright, guys. I'm just going to run through to a couple of slides quickly. So first up, just a reminder to to be getting on the app regularly. So there's lots of going to be lots of recordings there, all the channel calls, Chapter calls, all sorts of stuff is going to be up on there. So make sure you check that out. Recording from the first trading call should be up soon. I think if you haven't booked your inspire tickets, please do book. We've confirmed the hotel. Sorry, inspire, obviously we know is going to be at the win. So is there still space at the second hotel? First hotels booked out. I think is there still space at the second hotel?

Speaker  21119:59
Yeah, I think there's still spaces. The second one,

Speaker  21717:20
yeah, so you can still be in the same place with a bunch of fellow MDSs. So get that book. Remember, you can take non MDS people to inspire if you have, if you have a problem that you would like help with on a Hotseat, let us know. So this is our going to be our first Hotseat. So hope you guys are going to enjoy it next up, yep. So join the WhatsApp. So it's currently just a broadcast group, so just reminders about calls, it won't clutter up your WhatsApp. So scan that QR code, or we'll put a link in the comments. If you guys want to join that. Then finally, we will probably have. Partner, yeah. So Intel Abe, if you guys need any help, you're polling. Intel Abe, MDS partner as well. All right. So Leslie posted a few weeks ago about her Amazon presence. Welcome, Leslie.

Speaker  36656:00
Hey, thanks.

Speaker  37488:00
So yeah, for those of us that didn't see your first post, do you want to just just recap what you posted about a month ago and sort of where you're at with your business?

Speaker  40069:20
Yeah, um, I was just asking for help with our Amazon back end, because we have been using like an agency to run our advertising a small agency, and I'd say they've been doing, like, C level work, just running really the basics of pay per click. But like, aside from that, we had not touched our listings or done anything to optimize them or improve them, I'd say, in at least 18 months, and I was just, you know, losing sleep over that, realizing that that was a real liability and something we should have done. And so I was asking for help, looking for resources to change agencies or change partners. So that was what my original post was about. And yeah, I realized too late that we had really taken our eye off the ball with Amazon and our listings.

Speaker  55285:20
So how would you say your sales are split now between Tiktok shop, your website, and Amazon and any other channels? Big channels for you?

Speaker  57813:20
Yeah, I mean, for a long time, Amazon was like 65 to 70% of our sales, and then our DTC site was the rest. And then now Tiktok shop is been scaling up very quickly. We keep running out of inventory. Well, we I think that this year, we expect Tiktok shop to be more than half of our sales, but that's what we're projected to be once we can get enough inventory in stock, so then it'll probably be like 4040, Tiktok shop, Amazon, 20 DTC, something like that. That's what we're projecting.

Speaker  68016:00
Well, good, yeah, good to hear you're having a high quality problem of the stockouts. It's just impossible to plan with when Tiktok is going well, it's impossible to plan the

Speaker  70917:20
inventory, isn't it? Yeah, yeah. It's been so frustrating, because things will really start to take off, and then they'll just be, you know, and then we'll run out of inventory, and then things will take off and we'll run out of inventory. So we just had to, we just made a huge order with our manufacturer that's going to ship out this week.

Speaker  75205:20
Go Big. Going big. Great. So we've got Alex and Andre have agreed to have a look, Alex, as you were on first Do you want to start off with your first impressions of Leslie's hero listing and any other thoughts you've got on her position?

Speaker  80384:00
I do have a first question for it. The idea is, why are you in facial peels first and not in facial serums, which is by far the most accurate category for your type of product? From what what I could find,

Speaker  85504:00
Montebello acid is is a peel. It's an extremely exfoliating product, so I think it, as far as I know, peel would be the appropriate category.

Speaker  88757:20
But maybe not okay, because based on what I could find, most of your competitors are under facial serums, not facial peels. There are a few other facial peels as well. Also the mandelic acid on the main listing, because we're only talking about the main product that you have is all the way in the end of the title. Is there a reasoning for that as well.

Speaker  96624:00
Well, our titles haven't been improved in quite a while. We had been we when we were working with an Amazon full service agency, they had told us that changing any of the copy like is when we're in this category that's so restricted by Amazon like, puts us in danger of them rejecting our listing, or looking at our claims again and saying that we can't make these claims so any so we just hadn't changed our title, because they had said that that was the riskiest thing to change and what to change last that's what this Agency said, and then we never ended up changing it. It okay,

Speaker  108442:40
because in terms of the overall relevancy of sto since you already have Mandelic acid in the title, it wouldn't matter that much if you have it in the front or in the back, but in the search results, people just can't see the Mandelic acid in it, in any shape or form. So for those people who are actually searching for Mandelic acid, and it's a huge market for that, they won't know what your your product offers. They only see the exfoliating serum, and basically that's it, and it's, that's an acne serum, but they don't know if it's Mandelic acid or not, without clicking on your listing.

Speaker  119509:20
So what is your, what's, what's your main search term?

Speaker  120565:20
Leslie, sorry. I mean, honestly,

Speaker  121653:20
our main search term is our brand name, but, but I don't know it might be Folliculitis treatment is an is after our brand name is the next most common search term.

Speaker  125802:40
Okay, let's see the Folliculitis treatment as well.

Speaker  128570:40
Top ad spot, yeah, but yeah, we don't see, you can't see the Mandelic ad. It's not early enough to be seen in the In Search.

Speaker  132752:00
Yeah, a lot of our products are spot. You can see, like, those were quite a few of our products that were in the sponsored ads, but we're not. Yeah, we've fallen way off on this term. Where are we? And are the organic listings? This is terrible to see.

Speaker  137845:19
There we are. Here we go. Do a lot of scrolling. Yeah, yeah. Alex, did

Speaker  141978:40
you have any other questions? Alex, yeah,

Speaker  142698:40
so basically, how I would modify this listing, I would start it off with, I know you're so you have quite a few searches on your brand name in the in the overall search frequency rank, it's not a lot, but still, you have more than most People, which is great because you have that massive overflow from Tiktok or all the other platforms that you have. So in this case, in your case, although you have a long brand name, I would still add it in the front of the title, which I'm a huge advocate against it in most cases, unless you have brand searches on Amazon, I would still add it in the front of the title, and I would actually start with the main keyword, which, in your case, is the Mandelic Acid. And you can also go with pushing a little bit the limits with Amazon and guessing in your category, or if you switch to the facial serums, I'm 100% that, 98% sure that you are going to be allowed to have Mandelic acid treatment in your title, because I can see half of your competitors using the same keyword, and They didn't get into trouble in any shape or form. Perform, because that's one of your main keywords, and this is what people are also searching for. Also, I wanted to ask you, is level two and level one? Is it a common term for this specific market, or it's just something that you are using, because I couldn't find any kind of reference for level one and level two in any shape or form, from an SEO or copy standpoint,

Speaker  174682:40
it's just like that's what I named the products, way back when I started this business before I knew anything about this type of thing. Okay?

Speaker  177280:00
Because level two, basically, in my opinion, is just wasted space in the title is wasted real estate in the title. So the title would look like almond clear MANDELIC Acid treatments for acne or whatever, and then you continue with the rest of your title, and that will improve your overall relevancy score in the back end and in Rufus as well. And it should improve your click through rates a little bit as well for that and for this product, I can build your full title with no issues looking at the bullet points. Overall, you're focusing a little bit more on the features of the product, not the actual benefits of the product. So I would switch to that, and I would try to answer as many review questions that you can find from Rufus for this particular niche, and build your bullet points on that so that the AI can start recommending your product for everyone who started using the AI on Amazon, and that number has been growing month over month in terms of the main image I would make the I don't know if you are planning to do any type of rebranding. Yeah, we're

Speaker  202773:20
right in the middle of that, or we're, yes, we're

Speaker  203898:40
rebranding the box and the design completely.

Speaker  205130:40
Yeah, okay, good.

Speaker  206138:40
I would highlight the fact that it's MANDELIC Acid also on the box. I would make the box, the front of the box much wider. I would make sure you use on the top of the box something like maybe in USA, because I know your product is made in us, any kind of ingredients that are relevant for this niche. I would highlight them there as much as possible. If you have any kind of natural ingredients, I would maybe add them to the main to the main image as well, anything to attract attention and everything to make it stand out in the search results, you are fighting some of the big brands who are not doing that, but they are relying a lot on their brand search,

Speaker  220010:40
things I know sometimes, like, people add to the main image copy that's not actually on the box. Like, is that would Is that something you recommend?

Speaker  223706:40
Yes, I've been doing that for years, and I never got into trouble. And worst case scenario, what can happen? They can take down that image and it will revert back to the old image. It's just a slap on the wrist. It's an image suppression. It's not a product suspension. So you can do that, but considering that you are rebranding everything. You can easily add MANDELIC acids bake in the in the design of the box and also on the bottle.

Speaker  233637:20
That's all done. I mean, we can't do it now, yeah, okay. But can add whatever you know we maybe missed. We can, we can add that in with graphic design to the image.

Speaker  237514:40
Yeah, you can add it on the box with no issues, because no one is ever going to complain that how it says exfoliating serum and MANDELIC acids only small underneath. It's not the other way around. Like you presented in the box, you will never see that issue. Or at least, I never had that issue. For our products, for example, we have a box in the image, and our products are not coming in the box.

Speaker  244783:59
For that, I think it's very, very common practice within MDS for people to change their their box, change their boxes, their main images. And it's hardly anyone's been pulled up on it.

Speaker  247109:20
Seriously, yeah. Well, how would you, I mean, it sounds like you were saying that, like you were using your knowledge, like general knowledge, of what people are looking for, like natural ingredients, or made in the USA, to, like, make an educated guess about, like, what would go on the box for the copy. But like, Is there, like, a specific way that you choose what to test like, with competitive research? Like, how do you decide what? Because I we could add, you know, there's like, a I could make a list of 50 different pieces of information that might be valuable to add to the box, like, how do you for them? How do you decide on that? What's your process?

Speaker  258992:00
Well, you need to go for whatever the people are searching the most. And most people are searching for MANDELIC acids, for this type of a product, because they know that this is what it works for, that specific niche, for their problems. So it's a subconscious help that you are doing with them. With adding that MANDELIC Acid clear on the box, it's going to make them click a little bit more, because that just strengthens their their search on Amazon, basically. And in order to answer your question with what else you would put on the box, you can easily scrape all the reviews, put it into clouds, give you the most important things, and just add those also to the box as well. So it's not, it's not something that takes a ton of time.

Speaker  275440:00
I put it through, I put it through capital scraper, which had a look at 500 reviews. And there's, there's other tools that do this as well, but yeah, from your reviews, you can find out things to add on, and you can get good insights from that as well.

Speaker  280469:20
Yeah, you can put extra strength. You can put whatever people are actually searching for. I don't know this niche that well, also what I saw and from my research last night, I saw that usually black people are more inclined to use something like this a little bit more, which, at least that was my research. You can contradict me, if you can, because you know your product and your niche much better, but your is not addressing that in any shape or form.

Speaker  290752:00
Yeah, that's a really tricky one I could I don't know how relevant it is to other people. Like it may be like different niches have different desires for a skin care product. Like black people, they want the product to make their skin peel, and they see that as a like that's seen as beneficial, because they're usually using it to get rid of HYPERPIGMENTATION, whereas, like white people in general, they don't like their skin to peel. They think like, Oh, it's too. That's too strong for my skin, it's too it's it's overdoing it, right? And so it's like, really hard to find the right messaging, because, like, if you say, this will make your skin peel, then some people are like, I don't want that. And some people complain that, Oh, this isn't making my skin peel enough. So so it's interesting with the audiences and how to you don't have to have an answer for that, but that, you know, it's a tricky thing to thread that needle or

Speaker  306560:00
I understand, but I'm not saying to put black people with what's it called, withpigmentation. Yeah, exactly. I just, I'm just saying to use black models a little bit more, yeah, in your overall marketing. Yeah.

Speaker  311685:20
So we were doing a photo shoot on March 5, and we are so I'm excited about that.

Speaker  313237:20
Okay, in terms of the overall listing design and quality, I would say it's okay ish, but I would like it to be a little bit more colorful, a little bit more modern in terms of the overall graphics, but with a little bit more what's it called, ugcs, and before and afters. I know you have in the main images and also in the in the a plus content, but I would like to see a little bit more in that.

Speaker  322784:00
Where would you use the ugcs, like, where would be the best place to put them?

Speaker  324528:00
I would say in the first two images you already have it. In the third image, I would give normal examples with a little bit more text, and I would use because here you only have white people. And I know Jamie keep jumping from that image because it's showing different parts of the body that he probably doesn't want to go through with the call. But the third image is great. I would just update it also with some black and make it a little bit more clear. Also any kind of social proof that you might have, I don't know, millions of bottles sold featured in a list of magazines or podcasts or promoted by any major influencers in that space that will help, as well With the social proof overall and with the conversion.

Speaker  342229:20
Okay, that's that's good to know.

Speaker  343557:20
And adding some natural ingredients throughout the listing, I understand that the listing itself does not have all I can see, do you have natural ingredients? I don't think you do.

Speaker  348026:40
This is mostly like a natural product. It's very minimal.

Speaker  349322:39
Can you say 100% natural or not, but still having those ingredients, like an orange peel or an orange slice or, I don't know, anything of that nature, will increase the trust a little bit more into the product, because it's going to make it look a little bit more natural overall. I can give you some examples, I'm pretty sure, using that, let me just search for something.

Speaker  360421:20
Can I say one thing that's just on my mind? Hi Leslie, nice to meet you. I have to jump off in a minute. But just like one thing is, like your box, like this is all complete dead space, like you're wasting this whole side of the box. Nobody could read one thing of what it says. So I would see what you or Alex or whoever wants to add. Nobody could read that on the search results or on the detail page. And then also, I would say, Wait, can you just go back one second? Sorry, I would say you should bold all the main keywords. It's very, very small, like Alex said, nobody's ever going to give you an issue and complained that the the wording on the picture was was bigger than, you know, than the actual bottle. You should make all those like bolder look nice, of course. And also, I would recommend that you get a strike through price so it shows like The MSRP, you know, 3999 slash, and then it'll say the percentage off. And also, I don't know if this is something that people Subscribe and Save to, but I would put a one time per a one time coupon, like an aggressive coupon for their first Subscribe and Save purchase.

Speaker  383770:40
We've This is, I mean, a huge, it's a major Subscribe and Save item, and that's a different topic. But we our advertising

Speaker  386656:00
from from the one time coupon, if you do, like, an aggressive your first purchase, you'll get a very big discount. Like, you just need, like, nobody wants this cream to just put on their ass and just try it for no reason, unless they really want it, you know, unless they're really in the market for this item. So if somebody's going to, if somebody's going to purchase your item, they're a potential, real customer. So you give a big discount from their first Subscribe and Save order, they'll subscribe, and if they're happy with it, they'll just stay subscribed.

Speaker  394581:20
Yeah, that I 100% agree. And our advertising agency that we were using, I asked them to do that multiple times, and it's probably very simple. This is an example of how they weren't. They couldn't figure it out. They were like, we don't see how to use that coupon, like we don't. So that's strange. Yeah, terrible, right, terrible. But that's, that's something that is 100% on our to do list.

Speaker  402128:00
Now, be able to walk you through that, no problem.

Speaker  403584:00
Yeah, I never heard somebody else I know how to do that.

Speaker  404368:00
Yeah, I know. I mean, like, it's, you know, sometimes you live and learn with the partner that you're we I took my eye off the ball and let them take control when they weren't really qualified to take control. But it's you're saying that, like the side of the box that that text is out of focus. And so what you would is, like, just scrape that and, like, put copy on there that, like, we think people want to know and like, make it in focus, basically, is what

Speaker  412490:40
should be readable from the search results. Yeah.

Speaker  413338:40
Like, yeah, they were saying something that you could just, you know, I don't know American flag if it's made in America, or just some, like, call outs, just things that they could see from this search results page something that'll just pop out, you know,

Speaker  417728:00
image, if you want, it's that

Speaker  418128:00
complete dead space right now, right?

Speaker  418928:00
Yeah. I mean, that makes a lot of sense. It's like, I just think like, from like, what I guess my question is, and it seems like other people would want to understand, is like so to fill that space like we are using our review like you guys said, scrape your reviews and look for the information that people like are questioned about or want to understand more of. That's one source of like how to know what to add there and then, just like, your general knowledge of like consumers and what they're looking for, like most consumers are looking for, like a natural product. So like, because you know you there's a lot of information that you can choose to add. Do you guys have like, sort of like, a way to to that, to to know that you're choosing the right information? Or is it like, is that just like AB testing?

Speaker  433696:00
It's AB testing in most cases. Yeah, most cases, it's going to be AB testing. But this is an image where the side of the box, I'm not a huge fan of the colors, but anyway, this is an image where the side of the box is not showing up in any shape or form on because that's only that space, as he said, as well. So you can easily read everything on the box with no problems. You can easily read everything on the on the product itself, on the bottle, as well, from the search results without without having to click on the actual product. So just, yeah, just shifting the perspective a little bit, it's going to help with the overall click through rate, because the majority of the click through rate comes from the main image. So if you can stand out in the search results, you're going to win the clicks.

Speaker  448864:00
Okay, great. So helpful. I have a question, Hymie, is that how you say? Hymie, yes, yeah, because you had said we want to strike through price, right? But like, our price is always considered, like our MSRP is the same across all. I mean, not on Tiktok shop. We're constantly running deals there, but everywhere else it's it stays consistent. Like, is there a way to do that? We never change our price.

Speaker  457061:20
All you need to do, all you need to do is add, you know, go to the back end, go to the list price. Raise it to, you know, something normal, raise it a little bit, and then raise and then change your your price to match your list price. And then after you get like, one or two sales at that higher price, just drop your your price back down. And then after like three days, you'll get the list price, and it usually lasts for like, a few months.

Speaker  465648:00
Well, yeah, for a few days. Yeah.

Speaker  466848:00
So the your price, your price, I'm sorry, the list price is the MSRP, so the list price, you raise it $10 or $5 whatever, and then raise your regular your price $5 so that they're the same. If it's something that sell, you know, leave it until you get a couple sales, or ask somebody to buy it at the full price, and then just bring down the the selling price, the your price, and keep the, keep the list price, which is the MSRP high. Don't, don't change that again.

Speaker  475450:40
Okay, easy enough.

Speaker  476490:40
A lot of people fall it improves the ads. It improves the conversion on the on the whole listing, like people believe, okay, I'm getting a discount, as in the big letters, you know, minus 15% off, or whatever it looks like. It's on sale.

Speaker  481088:00
Okay, thank you.

Speaker  481455:59
That's the only way to do it. Just

Speaker  482224:00
I've always okay. I always do it. Yeah, Alex, I wanted to bring Alex. I wanted

Speaker  484032:00
to bring Andre in. Was there anything that you wanted to cover quickly before I bring Andre in.

Speaker  485765:20
No go.

Speaker  486293:20
Oh, hey Andre.

Speaker  486901:20
Hi guys. What's up? Hi Leslie.

Speaker  487973:20
Nice to meet you too. Hi Hymie.

Speaker  488709:20
What's going on?

Speaker  489125:20
Yeah, for those who don't know, Andre has a software, a polling software, and it's sort of like a mini agency to help people with Amazon conversion rates. So Andre's always got really good insights. It's helped to help me out with some of my listings before. So yeah, what are you? What are your sort of opening thoughts Andre?

Speaker  494282:40
Yeah, so it's interesting. I agree with both of you what you said. It's totally correct, so you should write that down. It's, it's 100% that's going to work. So I went a little bit. So can I share the screen?

Speaker  499584:00
Yeah, sure. Okay.

Speaker  501472:00
Okay. So what I did is I went through your listing. Okay, switch keyboards. Okay, so I agree the main image. So first of all, there's always a sentiment. When you look at a product, right, like it's your first impression. When you see a person like, how is it dressed? How is it I don't know, smells good, stuff like that. You have the same thing with the listing. So you have to make sure that you make the right first impression, right? So, and I think your product is quite nice, the looks is good, but I think it's not optimized for conversion rate. It's probably made before some store for a shelf. But even then, where is the MANDELIC Acid? It's like that. I agree with Alex. This is the first thing that it has to be, because I bet dollars on that, that MANDELIC Acid is your main keyword. It has to be,

Speaker  516911:59
yeah, for sure.

Speaker  518047:59
Like, I know it is, this is what happens.

Speaker  518869:20
Yes, I agree, totally.

Speaker  519717:20
This has to be seen. And I don't see it at all, and you have it exactly in the title at the end. So I would switch so Alex is correct on that thing for sure. Then you have to look at like, how do you make this main image more appealing? You have to stand out. Like, I think Hymie showed somebody with a serum vitamin C. That image was captivating. You have to bang your head with Claude and GPT, 5.3 image. Whatever is that new image? Jen, it's crazy good. Like, I just went and did a few images for you. For example, right? Like Alex was saying about the side pack, Hymie said about the side panel exactly like, remove that thing. You don't need it. Make the thing so Poppy. So it's just, I don't know, it has to be juicy, it has to be appealing. It has to get the right emotion, because right now, it wasn't as as a food. Like, if we compare it, you see, like, look at this one. It's and I, we had, we did one like here, so I'll just put them side by side. And this is just chat, GPT. We didn't do anything like work on it right just prompted and said, make it more appealing. That's it. And right away, probably, maybe the colors, maybe are not as good yet, and stuff like that, but you see this one feels more volumetric. You see volume in it, so most probably this image will win in a survey. This doesn't even make sense to test stuff like that, but you need to bring your main thing first. This one is not readable. I I can bet that you can't read this on on it like, let's, let's go to find you on the mobile browser and see maybe

Speaker  548388:16
make me depressed as you scroll down.

Speaker  549636:16
It's okay, like everybody's there,

Speaker  550581:19
yeah, it's really important to look at your listing on mobile and mobile search

Speaker  552293:20
results like that. It will have your keyword, but you have such a big advantage because of your Tiktok. You probably have a lot of overflowing traffic from Tiktok. You just have to nail your SEO the right way to have it. Keyword, rich density, like the sense has to be there, like it has to make sense, semantics and all those things. But you feel like you're pretty jumpy. You have a bold color, but I can't reach it, sorry. Like I can't read anything here. I just see your logo. That's it. You have too much text, but it's like, where is it? Okay, exfoliating serum. That's all I see. And these guys, okay, so this one is the same thing. Yeah, you can, you can decompress a little bit. You can remove some stuff that that is there, and maybe you don't need it. And a lot of stuff here you're repeating on the box as well. So probably doesn't make sense, right? You have to choose what information you say on the box, and what are you saying on the on the label, but I

Speaker  571594:40
just sent you that image that you were talking about on Messenger.

Speaker  573018:39
To me were to who to

Speaker  574378:40
you, because you're presenting So,

Speaker  575146:39
okay, oh yeah, this one. Look at this freaking interesting. Like, it's super exciting. You want to click on it. You want at least like, what's what's in there? Like, and now with GPT and all those stuff like, this is doable, and then you get a designer to, like, maybe adjust it a little bit. But this is really doable, and it will look so much better because your colors are pretty good. It's just and look the way he framed it. Everything he has this thing, the orange here, the this green leaf, also helps a lot. The dropper, it's cheesy, but probably kills it. Another thing that I was looking I was like, Man, you have to work on on the image. Like, there's too much us over here.

Speaker  588682:40
But thing that people that's on, yeah, that's on there because that's

Speaker  590442:40
Yeah, exactly yeah,

Speaker  590810:40
concerned that people are buying this for so people who need it are like, Oh, that's me.

Speaker  592186:40
People with those problems, and the images have to look and kind of like raw way, but maybe it's too raw. For example, this image is unprofessional completely. I would remove all the text Pete it to GPT and say, make it beautiful, because the lady is cute. But it's not a professional photography. It's shot an iPhone, and I don't think you need UGC when you presenting a premium product, like, customer generated UGC, like, you can fake it a little bit like, fix it, right? Make it more look more like pro Right? Like, I don't know, it's all about how you being perceived, and I think this is taking away from it, but you can basically keep the same model, keep everything the same and say, like, can you make it like it's shorter with a professional camera and professional lighting? And it will keep the model. It will keep everything. And this is probably for teenagers, right? The product,

Speaker  607050:40
25 through 45 is a demographic, okay? But we, we're, we're, like, I said, we're doing a photo shoot with models, um, in a cup in a few weeks here. And that's they're going to be in a studio.

Speaker  611360:00
Let's go. Yeah.

Speaker  611824:00
So the these will be, these will be fixed, yeah.

Speaker  613279:59
Okay, so it would be interesting to see your your new box, how you are designing it, what's gonna be on

Speaker  615621:20
it, okay, let me see. Hang on, I gotta

Speaker  616885:19
and, yeah,

Speaker  618133:20
it has a lot of white space, like it has more space on it for can you

Speaker  619866:40
send it in chat? Where

Speaker  620634:40
Hang on? I just got to pull it up packaging. I mean, it would have been good to do this call before we actually sorry. Well, let me find a better image.

Speaker  625152:00
I was looking at your images, and I think you're confusing a little bit the customers with the way you like there's should be the customer journey. This is a psychological customer journey, right? That's, that's the thing that came to me first, when, when I was looking through your products, is like, when, when? Usually you present something right? So, like, there's, like, our products, like, there's a problem, this is how we fix it. This is why we good to fix it. Or reiteration, like, then something else, right? Like, get scientific facts, something like that. But I think you are jumping kind of like, back and forth through those hoops. So you have to be like, this is the product. This is your problem. This is how we can fix it. This way we're good at this. This is how we're fixing it. And this what other people are saying about this. That's it. You don't need to say anything else. A base of that. I'll show you the I have it on my, my stuff, you send the image. No, I'm,

Speaker  641504:00
I'm still, I'm working on it.

Speaker  641936:00
Okay, so look at this. So basically, I mapped every image. What are you saying, right? So take every image and always distill it to what's the main, main, main message of this thing, right? So, like, What are you saying in this image, by the way, is not the best image. This is very, very basic, too much wide, and the second image is your most important, right? So where is the problem? Solves, multiple scheme, concerns, gently, that's it. That's what you're saying. Relief and reassurance, right? The sentiment and the customer journey is consideration. Then you go this one, like, I hate this images already. Like, don't use it. I think this is not a very good because in all the surveys we've done, and we've done 1000s of them, we always see people going against this is like, Ah, why are you cheating on someone other brand, like, Why? Why are you trying to, like, put yourself up and someone down and stuff like that. So, like, I think in this day and age, this is not the best thing. It used to work. We used to do it. We don't do it anymore. I think you can say, and by the way, none of them have what you do, like, for real, right?

Speaker  660544:00
Like, people, yeah, it doesn't work anymore, and people don't believe it, at

Speaker  661733:20
least put one green here, right, right. But like, he's like, you're like, perfect. And what if someone sues you because you claim that, right, right? Like, I don't know, but like, I would advise completely remove this. You're wasting space with this, right? So this one again, what's the message? MANDELIC Acid is gentle and more effective. That's it like we have a good product versus someone else. Another one, clarity and the message, choose the right strength for your skin. This is educational one. This is really good. The execution, it's okay, but this is where you say, like you may need this one, or you may need this product. So choose wisely, according to what you need, right? This one is a good one. How you show it? Probably you can think how to show it better. Maybe not, but it's, it's like proof, social proof. This is where they make a decision. This is reinforces them, right?

Speaker  679269:20
Do you think so with social proof and like, ug like Alex was saying to use UGC as well with, you know, just kind of a form of social proof. But like, my impression was like that on Amazon, especially in the PDP, like, people don't want to see UGC that's that's really unpolished, like, it's hard to know on this platform, like, what type of UGC to select, because I think that if you put just True UGC, like a custom a couple of customer photos, or where, where it looked like it was taken on their iPhone with, like, a crappy background, like, this is not the place for that, right? Is that? What your testing has shown?

Speaker  691312:00
I totally agree with that. Like, unpolished, unpolished, creative should not go on your image at all. Like, you have to curate your your image decks, like, I don't know, super precious stuff, so unpolished, no, but you just see yes, but the right way? Yeah. If we know that this can be manipulated, why do you think the customers are so stupid that they don't know? Like, everybody knows that this is easy manipulator. They know that if it's perfect, it's way too perfect. So it's always the balance and not over promising, but it has to be reassuring. It has to look like this can solve my problem. But you look at everyone like at serious brands, they don't tend to show like you see, like this a pretty polished image, yeah, but like this one looks better, and it's like, you're showing the image to, kind of like, reiterate the same message that you're saying in the in the text. Because it's like, nobody's believing that you were putting on this thing, right? People buy it because there's social proof, there's reviews. Many people bought it. Heard it in recommendation, and it's cheap, so like, let me try it. But like, they know that that's not the real product, even maybe it's some white cream on it. I don't know, right? We know that this is playable, and we know about AI, so I don't know this works, but you have to be careful, and have to have it curated. Don't, don't put, like, random stuff that somebody gives you from UGC, and you put it right away. You have to curate. I think, okay, so then you go to this one, so empowerment and aspiration, the sentiment right and the message, clear skin leads to confidence, but I'm just seeing a happy girl, that's it. So if this is the right audience, it may create a hook lifestyle. This proud product gives body confidence.

Speaker  722160:00
Okay, you can, yeah, this one is just a waste. I think this bottom one,

Speaker  723504:00
but this one's

Speaker  723776:00
all the bottom badges. You can barely see them.

Speaker  724576:00
Yeah, that's, that's the main point of that image is the badges on the bottom when

Speaker  726469:20
we go here, basically here's the customer journey. So you were doing product benefit, differentiation, variant proof and emotion, right? So a better approach would be problem. Science, choose level, ingredients, authority, proof, how to use reassurance,

Speaker  732986:40
and Andre sorry, I think I missed this. Like, what software? What are you using here? Like, what is this? How did you create this?

Speaker  735354:40
This is this is just an infigma We just wrote it with, with typing,

Speaker  737120:00
oh, but you didn't use an app like or like, AI like this. Better approach. How do you know?

Speaker  738384:00
Oh, we used AI to summarize the ideas to like to tell me, okay, so what is she saying? Like, right? So I gave a task the team, like, look at the images. Summarize me, what is everyone? What is every message, so filter it properly, and that's it. And then they wrote these things. Made this thing. This is already done by hand, but the AI helped me summarize the message right, and then we verify like does make sense, or is he hallucinating? Yeah. But of course, use AI, you need to use it,

Speaker  747386:40
but that's the analysis with AI if you want, about your market and your product and specifically what's missing and what's not missing.

Speaker  749802:40
Well, yeah, I would love that. I'll take you. Thank you.

Speaker  750730:40
So this is a deeper one, right? I basically it says, like clear product visibility in the hero main image. Okay, if that's bullshit, nothing critical you're saying, but no clear psychological flow, right? That's the thing that triggered me. That's why I asked the AI to do the summary, because I felt that you are jumping between the logic right back and forth. You need to when the user comes, there shouldn't be any like, right? Like, it has to be the message has to come across like, clearly, bum bum. Here, he's educating me. Here's the problem, there's the solution. That's it go by, and then we went and we just did a little bit of play with this. And but this is not like design. This is more like placing it and giving ideas, right? So, but this may work may not. This wasn't tested anything. It was just a quick touch up to see what's happening, right? So, stage one, the problem body breakout can affect anyone. So it shows the problematic things. Okay, you have the acne. We just double this because we need a message here so, but you can show it in this way. You don't need to show 10 of them. You can show just a few of them, and this is 100% generated with AI. I think

Speaker  775253:20
Leslie, I just sent you that analysis as well. You should have it on Messenger. Let me know if you can open it.

Speaker  777413:20
So basically, it shows the problem, how you can solve it, choose your level right your image, I would redo it. Then ingredients, authority. Why? Why this product specifically visible improvement right before and after? That's your images, I think. And then how to use. That's it. Simple steps. And if you have the seventh image, but I don't think you have spot for it, reinsurance and why women choose this. And, like, I think this, this is not bad at all, like, that kind of stuff. It's pretty cute, but probably this is too small, right?

Speaker  788352:00
Yeah, this is fantastic. I mean,

Speaker  788896:00
that would be my, my flow to go, I would go like that, like simple, understandable, digestible information, Bam, Bam, Bam, Bam, done.

Speaker  792261:20
That's really helpful, because it's so hard to know. Like using AI as a tool for this, and then it just makes it so much clearer what needs to go in each image. And then, of course, you're going to AB test from there.

Speaker  795914:40
But think you know that the thing with AI, it's genius, but it's general information. Yeah, AI is general intelligence. It doesn't know specifics as much it knows as much as it got from us or from open markets like it can't even go on Amazon and scan it. It can't

Speaker  800896:00
depends on what you feed him. Yeah,

Speaker  801456:00
exactly. You need to educate your AI like you need to have your own agent and teach him and stuff like that. Where, like, you have your subscriptions to anything to entropic or to open AI, and you constantly feed him with data. He learns, then he makes better decisions. But take that kind of stuff, then layer on top with your knowledge about this thing, he can teach you how to think properly, maybe, and then you apply that stuff. And that usually works. Yeah.

Speaker  809493:20
It's interesting, though, because I noticed in the AI that it said, like, like, one of the bullet points. It said was that the lifestyle images were conflicting with the with our that this product is trustworthy, and DERM, like dermatologist tested. And that was we just worked with a branding and marketing agency and agency, and spent, I don't know, $30,000 doing customer research and interviewing a lot of people that come to that, like, our new branding is actually based around that sentiment. And so it's interesting that that was like, AI, was just like, bam, this is

Speaker  819776:00
a conflict. Too bad for AI, yeah.

Speaker  821088:00
I mean, of course you'd want to test that out, but that was pretty impressive, and I noticed that,

Speaker  822709:20
yeah, you have to. So first you have to make the product more clear. What is it in the main image? Like relabel it properly made the images nice and appealing modern. Fix the flow, and you've got the winner, probably,

Speaker  827693:20
yeah, okay, so that's the images. And then I don't know about, do we want to talk about the bullet points or no, because we haven't changed our bullet point. Like, as far as something that I'd like to know is, like, with, and maybe this is off the topic of this call, but like with Rufus, like and your bullet points. How do you know how to optimize those for for Rufus?

Speaker  836448:00
Well, Rufus is going to feed basically from your listing directly, and Rufus is going to promote your product, and it's going to put it in front of customers, as long as you are answering their questions. So if you can feed all that information into something like Claude, I highly recommend you use Claude and not ChatGPT for that only because they have a far better model than anything so far, it's going to spit out the exact copy that you need for Rufus. And that's why I was telling you initially that you're you focused a lot on the features of the product, but not on the overall benefits of the product that actually answer the customer questions and the AI questions, which is Rufus. So I would change those as well. So when once you change your title, I would change the full listing from top to bottom to speak directly to the AI algorithm.

Speaker  855141:20
Here's some examples of some of the things you could change on refus.

Speaker  856997:20
Great, wow. For example, I have what is the best treatment for olliculitis on my body is Mandelic Acid, good for fungal acne. Fungal acne is something that you're completely missing from your listing,

Speaker  861194:40
yeah, because we can't use the word fungal or fungus. You just That's why, yeah, I wish we could talk about that, but we can't what

Speaker  863754:40
body acne product is safe for dark skin again, that goes back to your customer avatar. What's better for the body acne, salicylic acid or Mandelic Acid? How do I get rid of bumps on my butt and thighs? Those are all questions that people are asking. Roofers, and once you answer those throughout your listing, in your images, in your bullet points, in the description, in the back end, you're going to start showing up a lot more in the search results, because now the AI is going to recognize you as an authority in that space. Got it, my opinion, every single seller right now on the market needs to optimize for that.

Speaker  876778:40
Yeah, so it's like answering customers' questions, not it's like, not at all, like keyword stuff. You know, the old model of just keyword stuffing, like, is this truly valuable information that's answering the questions people are really asking

Speaker  880544:00
correct and you cannot answer customers questions without using keywords either way. So it's going to be a win, win either way.

Speaker  883136:00
Okay, great, yeah.

Speaker  884032:00
Are you planning to add an ingredients image?

Speaker  885024:00
I don't know. Do you think we should

Speaker  885493:20
help, of course, clarity.

Speaker  886341:20
I mean, that's a whole you think we should take up a whole space with the ingredients?

Speaker  887557:20
You can add ingredients where you have the badges, as long as you can put the badges much bigger on the side so they can stand out. I would add the badges there. Let me show you. Let me see if I have a few examples on that, on how it would look. For sure, I have something saved, because

Speaker  895034:40
usually ingredients is a narrow stuff, and then you have half of the image empty for for badges and claims, but big, it has to be pretty big. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And always check it on your phone, like screenshot it and put it on the phone on the same size as on Amazon, or upload it and check it look yourself. Is this readable? Because your images are not optimized for mobile. It's pretty square or even wide, and they have to be taller.

Speaker  903013:20
I'm not a huge fan of this image, but it's much clearer than what you have right now in terms of the overall badges, and you can easily put the ingredients underneath, or you can put the ingredients on top, you can change the overall look and feel, but the message still stays the same. It's up front. You have it, it's there, and you're open, but

Speaker  911066:40
it's clear. It's big,

Speaker  911450:40
yeah, it's clear. Exactly this one,

Speaker  912170:40
Clear's Easy

Speaker  912592:00
to me. That image has a lot of text, like, maybe a little too much, but yeah, correct one, yeah, no, no. The other one, like, that's a lot.

Speaker  914880:00
One was a little bit overwhelming,

Speaker  915552:00
yeah, but I get, I understand what you're saying, yeah.

Speaker  917456:00
But you have to remove yourself from from this thing, right? Like, look at you as an observer what people like, and give them what they like. So it's about testing and stuff

Speaker  919893:20
that one's really nice. I like that one.

Speaker  920757:19
Yeah, I'm trying to find

Speaker  921589:20
Alex the for the Amazon QA. Is that a session? Is that section being completely removed from the listings now, or can you still or can you still find it the listing Q

Speaker  923882:40
A, you can still find it with roofers. If you're going to ask two or three different questions to roofers, then it's eventually, it's going to give up and it's going to give you, hey, this is the Q A, take it and it's going to give you the full list.

Speaker  927690:40
Yeah, because we used to get emails the questions that people were asking on the listing where they sort of stopped coming while ago.

Speaker  930064:00
Now, they go as a question in the customer answer questions in Seller Central. What? Once you answer it, it's going to show up in Rufus as well.

Speaker  933941:19
What are they? What's this image bank that you're looking at? Alex's? Are those just ones you've saved that you like? Or what

Speaker  935589:19
is yes, yeah, I usually just save images. Whenever I'm browsing through Amazon, I just save a ton of images. I have them for inspiration for different uses.

Speaker  938645:19
Yeah, that's really good thing.

Speaker  939338:40
And I can always go back to them whenever I need something. For sure, I found something that I liked before. In terms of the UGC, you're asking something about UGC, you can use something like this as well.

Speaker  943354:40
Yeah, that's pretty cool. And you see have UGC, and you have the the logos as well. So it's kind of balanced,

Speaker  945728:00
yeah, and I'm pretty sure they have it in the a plus, but not on this product. But hey, they have it here as well.

Speaker  948800:00
So, you know,

Speaker  949616:00
we gotta, we gotta wrap it up now, because we're at the end. But I think there's definitely some very easy wins here.

Speaker  951701:20
One thing to note to add, I think you have to treat your listing as a website, something like that. It has to be like, like your credit card, like a business card, right? It has to be perfect. So spend as much time as you can on it, because

Speaker  956122:40
you've got all these people coming in from Tiktok that have heard about your brand, and you just need to get them over the line. Then also, you know, people on Amazon that maybe haven't heard of your brand that's searching, so a ton of extra people that can get that can get converted. And as those sales go up, you should just naturally come up in the rankings. If these changes and your PPX better as well,

Speaker  962304:00
is that there's a lot of room for growth. A lot better.

Speaker  963776:00
Yeah, on coffee and SEO,

Speaker  964832:00
I challenge you to go and find a good, popular brand that looks sloppy or neglected. Were like not polished. This is none they it's immaculate, everything. All the touch points are perfect. I think we have to treat our Amazon listings the same way perfection and everything. So that would help a lot.

Speaker  971194:40
You're pretty much never wasting your time if you're working on the Amazon listings of your most important products. And Alex,

Speaker  972794:40
I don't know if it's true, but sorry, sorry, Jamie, for interrupting if you constantly update the images. Do that affect the SEO? Do you think Amazon likes you changing and testing?

Speaker  975706:40
No, as long as you're not doing it based on some metrics. Yeah, you don't have any kind of issues. I used to update images every three, four months. No, no.

Speaker  979152:00
Why that? He sees that you adding always new images.

Speaker  980080:00
They don't care. As long as you're improving the overall metrics, they don't care. They actually love you for it.

Speaker  981781:20
Yeah. Alright. So guys, there is a air table feedback form there. So I hope if anyone's got any any body acne, make a purchase. It under reviews and people must love it on Tiktok. So, yeah, I've got a bit of my arms, little bit, a little

Speaker  988186:40
bit of a flip. Don't show it on the camera or

Speaker  989178:40
something else for that. No, I've had it for years. Nothing gets rid of it. So if there is anything that could

Speaker  990522:40
get rid of it, we can talk about that at Inspire. I can help you cool.

Speaker  991466:40
All right, I'll send you the link for the Cal post scraper thing that I was sending earlier as well, because that's got some good idea. Some good ideas on it as well that we didn't have time for. But yeah, thanks, Alex. Thanks. Andre you guys are interested. Join the you can join the SEO and optimization channel on the app, and these guys have a monthly call as well. So make sure you check out. Check that out. Thanks. Cool. Thanks, well please, please fill out the air table everyone. Leslie, thanks so much for sharing your brand. Look forward to see what you can do with it. And yeah, thanks very much for Alexander being very generous with your time. There you.
