APAC Chapter Monthly Call with Alex Bonilla - TikTok Cold Start Feb 2026
Date: March 04, 2026

Speaker  17:04
Feel like a family. Keith, Jason Lynn, everyone doesn't mind turning on your cameras, and we can feel like a family unless you're naked, then keep it off. Okay? So excited for this week's call. I want to first just mention again, I want to apologize again for last week's call. There was just a bunch of things in a row that I felt like we didn't give our I, especially me, I didn't give our best for our our monthly call. We had the time I was 10 minutes late. We had the time zone wrong for our speaker, who had to then wake up an hour early, and then 6am and the content, just a bunch of stuff. So learning experience and very excited for this week's this month's call, because we have one of my best friends, and man, he's a solid guy. Was MDS member of the year, and if anyone doesn't believe his authenticity, he has a painted picture, MDS, painting of his family that he was supposed to put on his wall for this call, Dude, did you even hang it up yet?

Speaker  19440:00
No, not yet. I still need to get it framed. It's like, it's like a real deal painting, like on canvas and everything. I need to get it, like, properly framed and mounted and all that good stuff. For those that didn't

Speaker  22277:20
come to Italy, they had this artist the whole dinner painting this picture, but a couple parts were, like, blurred out. And we found out the end she was painting their family, and it was legit, whoa. Like, you just want it. You just want it to be so your great, great, great great grandkids. When they look up at that painting, they'll be like, Oh yeah, that's the guy that hacked Tiktok. The reason, you know, that's the guy that broke the algorithm, yeah. So Alex is a solid dude. The reason you want a member of the year is because he's always willing to help. He has helped me, helped a bunch of people, and he loves Tiktok. I think that's probably your favorite thing to talk in the E commerce game. And I did, I have pride, because I feel like I was part of your journey in the beginning in Miami, two years ago. We're just talking about strategy and then talking since, and it's just been exciting seeing where you're how far you've come, and where you're going. And I know we're going to get a lot of value in this call. So yeah, if you want to give any introduction about yourself, and then we'll be excited. If anyone has questions, put it into the chat, and we will have a Q and A at the end. Awesome.

Speaker  40245:20
Yeah, I have a whole deck here with a little intro page in the deck. Let me try sharing my screen here and make sure this works well in the presenter mode. Let's see.

Speaker  46714:40
Where do I share? Screen three dots. I thought there's

Speaker  48170:40
there's a green button on the bottom of the Zoom call.

Speaker  51536:00
How does this look on your end? Do you see, like my entire presenter screen, or just

Speaker  53232:00
I see the top, I see your main screen, and then on the bottom, I see 1234, screens, like four.

Speaker  54901:20
Okay, let's not do that. That's like this, and just go into regular present mode. How's that now? You see is the whole thing right?

Speaker  57077:20
Now, I don't see anything. Oh, let me try this again. I

Speaker  59741:20
be good now. Yeah, really, perfect. Cool, cool. So today we are talking about cold starting on Tiktok. Kind of a hot topic, because everybody wants to get started on Tiktok, and they kind of don't know where to start, how to start, but there are plenty of agencies out there that will be more than willing to take your money and try to get you started. And I came up with this cold start to kind of help people avoid that. Not that agencies are all bad. Some of them are really good. And if you have a ton of money and you don't mind if you have a really high risk tolerance, some of these agencies are just fine. But if you want to properly cold start, I've come up with a method that it's just fail proof. It's it's fail proof. It works every time. It puts you in a proper position to go ahead and move forward however you like if you want to go with an agency from then on or do it yourself. Everything you do after the Cold Start is 10 times easier than if you hadn't done the cold start. So that's what we're going to be talking about today. Sure this is working. Okay, cool. So quick. Background about myself. In case you don't know me, I got into E commerce around. Around 2007 after reading the four hour work week, I didn't make any money for a few years, but was obsessed with the idea that Tim Ferriss lays out in that book. Spent nearly a decade building an online business as more like a lifestyle type business, but then later realized that we actually created a pretty solid business that we should probably start taking seriously and join MDS. And about three years ago, we're doing right around 2 million revenue. And since then, we've doubled and doubled just under 10 million last year. And I am now aiming to try to 10x the business in the next two years, mostly with with Tiktok, and I guess you can call it social shopping. Okay, so let's see here, launching on Tiktok. So you guys have probably heard of all three of these tactics here, mass sampling creators on retainer, or just hiring an agency, right? So all of these things do work, it's just a matter of, when do they work? And when do they work better, any agency would be more than happy to sign you on. Get a bot going. Hand out 500 of your samples a month. Charge you $5,000 a month just to do this, let's say your cogs are four or five bucks. You're gonna be out quite a bit of money before you start to really see any type of return on on your investment. And it starts to get kind of scary. Not that this doesn't work, but your risk tolerance has to be really high, and you have to have some pretty deep pockets for mass sampling to work on. The get go creators on retainer is the same thing. Again, you know there are agencies that will sell these content packages where they'll get 10 creators to do 30 posts for you in 30 days, charge you 2025 grand. And again, this, this works, but when you are just starting out, it might not work as well as a brand that has a lot more momentum. And we'll talk about what momentum means and what that is. So my theory on what that's the sampling tactic that used to work two years ago, when I first started on Tiktok, is that there are way more brands and way more creators on Tiktok than there were today than there were two years ago. So the sampling part of the strategy used to be pretty straightforward, send out 100 samples. Something's gonna hit about six months later, it turned into send out to 300 samples something will hit. Then it was 500 samples something will hit. Now brands are handing out 500 to 1000 samples a month. Bigger brands are doing even more than that, 10x that. Now you in order for this to work well, now, because there's so many more brands, so many more creators, everybody's using these bots, your product needs to stand out. You need to have some momentum or traction. And in order to get traction, you need creators. But in order to get creators, you need traction. So you kind of have a chicken and the egg situation, right? How are you going to get creators to look at your product and be like, Yeah, I want to take the sample, I want to create amazing content for this brand when you have no traction, but at the same time, how are you going to get traction in order to get these creators attention so you have, like, a the perfect chicken or the egg situation. Now, what is traction? What am I talking about when I'm talking about momentum and traction on your product card? Unlike Amazon, the social proof, mostly, is your units sold on your product. So we have some examples here with the 417 units sold there on the product, all the way to the left, product all the way to the right. 1.5k units sold. That's lifetime units sold. So when you're first starting off on Tiktok, most likely the number that you have on your product card is close to zero, right? So this is what I mean by traction, social proof, momentum. If you don't have any units sold next to your product card, there really is no reason for you to be wasting a bunch of money, a bunch of samples, paying an agency to try to get creators to pay attention to you. The other part of the traction and momentum is actual content. We're all Amazon sellers here, right? So when I tell you that these numbers need to be big, our first thought is like, All right, well, let's just pick these nine. Numbers, right? There's got to be like a rebate key out there somewhere, or there's got to be some kind of service where we can just find a bunch of people to buy the product and give them their money back. But that doesn't work either, because if you have a big number next to your product card, the first thing creators are going to do is go and look for the content that created those sales. And if you have no content on Tiktok for your products, that's going to be a big red flag for creators. So the other part of having momentum or having traction is to actually have content on Tiktok. You need to be able to search your product and see like scroll and scroll and scroll and just see dozens and dozens and dozens of videos of people making content for your product. So sales on your product card, a ton of videos on Tiktok for your product. That's traction. So how do you get this? How do you manufacture this? In a way, I kind of figured out a way to do this, using join brands. Now, when join brands first came out, we all were pretty familiar with it, because Ian, you know, owner MDS also was a partner with join brands. We were using it. And this is what Jonathan was talking about earlier, how he was kind of part of my, my, my journey here with Tiktok, I was using joint brands, mostly just to, you know, get some content on Tiktok. Didn't really ever expect it to go viral. But, you know, at least in the very end, I have some nice content that I can throw up on my Amazon, throw up on my website. I own the content, and that was kind of the move I was playing. Jonathan talked some sense in me that day and said, You really need to start pushing this harder and make sure that people are are plugging your product on shop. And that's when we realized that there's a feature in join brands that will actually let you, much like rebate key. I know we're all familiar with Viral Launch rebate key, kind of the same thing. It'll let you pay a creator to buy your product so they actually purchase your product at full price. You reimburse them for that. But the catch is, is it's a real person purchasing your product before they make content. So you're going to get an increase in your unit sold. You're going to get a video, right, so an increase in your video presence. And then you're going to get a spark code. Spark codes, what you need to run ads. A lot of creators still don't have their mass affiliate authorization turned on. And then you also own the content. You can use this content anywhere else. So you can sometimes ask these creators to post it on their Amazon accounts. It'll show up on your listing. You can use this content on Instagram reels, Facebook reels, YouTube shorts, on your own Shopify page. There's widgets now that'll show UGC right under the buy box, which is really cool on Shopify, you own this content so you can do whatever you want with it. Just just the content alone is almost worth it. That spark code rate, just to give you an example, if you were running a bot and you gave out 100 samples, about 70 of those people will actually post. And then of those 70, about 30% of them will give you a spark code. But join brands, you're gonna get 100% spark code rate. So do we, Jonathan, really quick, did I kind of make that clear what the whole point is, of why we're using joint brands, what we're trying to do,

Speaker  217861:19
what we're trying to accomplish, awesome. So

Speaker  218933:20
you need 100 videos as fast as possible using join brands. And this is the step by step process. So even if you've never been in joint brands, as long as you have these slides, which I'm sure you'll have a copy of these, or you'll be able to access them in the app at any time, you literally have the step by step process on exactly how to set up campaign and join brands to make sure you get 100 videos, which would be 100 sales, 100 videos. And some of those videos will turn into even more organic sales, hopefully putting you at a couple 100, maybe several 100 sales on your product card. And then we're going to throw a little bit extra fire on it with GMB max to try to get that up to 1000 cells as fast as possible, hopefully within the first two months. Once you have 1000 sales on your product card, everything gets a lot easier. And this is the step by step process on how to set this up. First thing you're going to do, login to join brands. You're going to select a new campaign, select e commerce and then social blast. Make sure you select social blast. I get texts all the time. People say, Hey, Alex, what were you talking about? $25 a video. Every video is 100 bucks. That's because they're not selecting social blast. You have to do the blast package. That way you can get your pricing down to $25 if you select a. 100 pack. So you have to select the 100 pack in order to get the price all the way down to $25 that's the lowest it will get. So make sure you select Tiktok shop at the very top and then select 100 posts, the content brief. Now this is super important. I've seen briefs before where you're pretty much just trying to sell your product to a creator. And the reason why briefs are important is because these, the the 100 blasts, don't get as much attention from some of these creators as as you know, other packages do that are paying a little bit more so these, this content brief isn't just it's kind of like your way of trying to hook the Creator into joining your campaign, right? So the same way creators need to hook customers into watching their video to buy your product, you kind of need to treat this content brief like a way to sell your campaign to a creator not just sell your product. I've seen content briefs before where people are literally just copying and pasting their bullet points from their Amazon listing. You need to be a little bit more creative than that. You need to use the first line of your content brief to basically hook someone into continuing to read and buying into your campaign. There's a couple must do's that you want to throw into your your your content brief. You need to make sure you say you have to show your face in this brief, and you must either talk or do a voiceover. And this is not a unboxing video, and you must show the packaging at at some point in the video. Show the packaging, but do not do an unboxing video. If you, if you do those four things, you'll save yourself a lot of hassle. We used to not do that, and it was a pain in the ass trying to get people to redo their videos. Now, in the content brief, I also try to educate some of these creators as much as possible, based on some of the stuff that both Jonathan, Jonathan, I have learned over the past couple of years in regards to the content creation. A lot of people don't know this, right, but your attention rate on a tick tock shop video, or any tick tock video, needs to hit certain metrics in order for it to go viral. If it doesn't hit these metrics in the first six seconds, the chances of this video going viral are slim to not but if it does hit these metrics in the first six seconds, then your chances of going viral are really good. Most people don't know this, let alone creators. So educate the creators in your content, brief with this knowledge, show them exactly how to find the retention rates in their past videos let them know, at 70% you need a retention rate, I'm sorry, at two seconds, you need a 70% retention rate. At six seconds, you need a 60% retention rate. And then show them, because a lot of these Kat a lot of these creators enjoying brands, that's all they're doing. Every day they're posting Tiktok shop content. Show them how to go back and look at their old videos and check their retention rates, and they'll quickly find out that they're they're doing something wrong. Right, the retention rates are nowhere near these numbers. And right away, you gave them like a such a nice little nugget, nice tip for them to use, not only on your campaign, but all campaigns moving forward, this little bit of knowledge right here will help you get really good content. Just this little bit of knowledge, and you're going to teach these to the to the creators. You're also going to provide some links of content that is working, either working for you, working for your product, or working for one of your competitors product. If you don't have any content, or you don't have anything that you can show, there's no competitors. No one's selling what? What you're selling? Go to joint brands and create one of the higher end campaigns. There's like, $100 campaigns that you can do where you'll get a way better quality creators that have some history of GMV, and they'll make you some really good videos. Maybe buy five of those to start, and use those as your sample content to show the rest of the campaign. All right, and then you're going to go and just throw your product link in here. Join brands just rolled out a new feature, where you could put a video link in here, which is kind of cool, because then you get the affiliate GMV, which is kind of important, but not too important at this point, and you have the chance of possibly getting a video to go viral. Just keep in mind, if you're throwing in a affiliate video link there. That affiliate is going to get commission, so that can kind of eat into that. That's an added expense that you might not have been aware of. So if you're going to do the product link, it's probably best if you do it on a marketing page, video, that way it's owned by you and you don't pay any commission on it. Join bands also just rolled out a performance bonus where you can kind of promote in the entire campaign. Hey, any creator that hits X amount of this or X amount of that, will get a bonus, and that's a good way to attract more creators to jump in and join this campaign. You have some additional requirements your caption you want to just throw out, throw out some hashtags, or if you have your own brand page or your marketing page, give them your your handle, so they're sure to tag you. And then make this the probably the second most important part right is at the very end, make sure you select the reimbursement for delivery. So this basically means they're going to buy it on Tiktok shop, and after 30 days, they'll get a reimbursement. So you pay for this reimbursement upfront. Join brands hangs on to that money once the Creator has delivered the content, and I believe as long as they don't return it in 30 days, then they get their money. This is the most important part, because remember that half of what we're doing here is trying to get your product card to have more sales on it. So if you don't do this, you're not going to get sales. A lot of people, when you select reimbursement, you'll see this little calculator on the side of joint brands, the number just jumps up and it gets a little scary. But keep in mind, a lot of that money is going to come back to you into your own account with with disbursement from from Tiktok. So don't be intimidated by that and then go delivered by me, because it's going to save you a bunch of money. You need these to be reimbursements as the entire point of this entire process. Okay, so when it's all is said and done, you're going to have 100 videos at $25 per video. And this is just an example I did on one of my products, 100 cogs. So if your cogs, I think in my case, my cogs are like $4 the sales tax, the 8% that Tiktok is going to keep on that sale shipping, I ship it myself, so the shipping is pretty cheap for us, but if you're using MCF, factor that in for sure. It's a little bit more expensive. And then two months, this should take only two months. You need to do this as fast as possible. I don't think you can do it faster than two months. I've done a ton of these. And two months is about two months is pretty dang fast. But two months of joint brand subscription, your total is going to come out to $4,457 now that includes, you know, all the money you're going to get back from from Tiktok, so about $45 a video. This will take you about two months, and you're going to do this entire cold start that's going to set you up for way better odds moving forward again, there are agencies that will do, you know, turn on the bot and hand out 500 of your samples per month and charge you $5,000 per month to do that, you're looking at about $30,000 In two months. You can save just by doing this and setting yourself up for a lot more success. Again, you can do this, get your product card nice and with a bunch of momentum, bunch of traction, and then go and hire agency if you want, and you'll be in a way better spot than if you just hired an agency on day one. So after a few weeks, you're going to have 100 sales, minimum, 100

Speaker  380698:39
creator videos. So someone searches your product on Tiktok, they're going to scroll forever and just see 100 videos. You're going to have the UGC rights so you can repost all of this on tikt, on on Instagram, Facebook and YouTube shorts, and then you have 100 spark codes. But what if you wanted more than that? Right? Have a few tips to help you get those 100 videos to actually turn into more organic cells. The first tip is use creator volume to send conversion signals. So what we're trying to do is get these creators onboarded as fast as possible. So you're going to do this is why they brief is so important, because you really want that brief to talk people into joining this campaign. It's not just hey, this is how cool this product is, it's, Hey, this campaign is great. This is how many cells we have on on on on Amazon. This is gonna go viral. I want you to be one of the first to go viral on it. We got these bonuses. We have this awesome training that we're going to give you on how to do hooks. Talk these people in to join this campaign. Because. The faster you can get all 100 of those sales. We try to get all 100 of the 100 of the campaign spots filled in the first two weeks, because if those 100 sales happen in two weeks, you're kind of sending signals to Tiktok of who your customer is. And these people should kind of be your avatar. Anyone who wants to take your product and sell it is usually someone who wants to buy is the same type of person who would buy it. So you're sending a signal to Tiktok in these first two weeks of 100 perfect customers for you. So once things start to post and videos start to post, Tiktok has a better idea. Right off the bat of who to be showing your product to your campaign should have an operator. If you're going to do this by yourself as an owner, it can get like if you miss a day, you miss two days. Next thing you know, it's you're three months in. You're still not done with your campaign. It kind of defeats the whole purpose again. You need to finish this thing as fast as you possibly can. So if you can have someone going in to join brands every single day and making sure all the tasks are complete, because there's, there's a lot of different steps that go with each individual video, just make sure all the tasks are complete every single day. You need someone in there doing it. It might be a little too tedious for for an operator or brand owner like yourself, and again, the brief should be recruiting and converting. I can't stress this enough, the brief is probably the most important part in regards to attracting as many people as possible. One of the benefit what one of the things that we do is let people know that brand new creators are more than welcome. Let them know if they have zero GMV, you are more than welcome because we provide them with, you know, just that training on the hook, the retention rate training we also give them like a GPT that we we make ourselves with all the reviews for that product tied in there, so they can just say something about themselves that'll spit out 10 hooks that they can try let them know that this is like a campaign that they want to join, because they're going to learn a lot and and then also say you're going to run GMB Max behind the campaign too, so they can get excited about the possibility of ad spend being put behind their videos, and then start testing GMB Max as soon as you have 50 spark codes. This is a little hack that I figured out, and I'm going to show you step by step on how to set up your first GMB Max campaign with just 50 videos that are complete. You'll want to run this as soon as you get those first 50 videos, and then once all the rest of the videos are done, turn this one off, and then just turn on a regular GMB Max campaign. I'm going to show you guys how to set set up this little hack at GMB Max campaign right now. Okay, so you're going to get 50 spark codes from the joint brands campaign. And really quick, I just want to show you,

Speaker  451295:59
I thought I had a slide where to get those. Maybe not

Speaker  453925:20
okay in joint brands, it can be a little tricky to find where to get those barcodes, but if you have any issue finding those barcodes in joint brands, just just shoot me an email and I'll help you out with that, but you'll get the 50 spark codes you're going to go into seller Center. Click on shop ads, create GMB, Max ads, and then you're going to create, you're going to set your target ROI. You kind of want to be aggressive with this. You know, we're all Amazon sellers. We've all been here before. We all know that this is an investment. We've all done rebate, key, Viral Launch. We know what it's you know, this isn't you kind of have to invest in this like the so we've done crazier things with rebates, right, giving out 20 products a day with the hopes of sticking on page one and making our money back. You kind of have to have that same mentality. So when you're setting up a GMB Max campaign, just keep in mind your ROI should be pretty aggressive. I set mine to break even at first. Then if I have to go down to start losing money, I will. But sometimes I've seen campaigns do so well that you end up at a three ROI target. So sometimes you can actually be profitable, but set your ROI at a pretty aggressive ROI target, and then you're going to click on the Add creative button, where you click on manage manage creatives, you're going to click on Add post, and then once you click on Add post, the little add videos code will pop up, and that's where you can plug in all the spark codes. And then you're going to. Switch to manual, and you're going to select once you're in. So put in all the spark codes, then go to manual. This is the most important. This is the hack part. You're going to have to individually take the video ID and put all 50 of those in here one by one. So you're basically just telling if you don't do this, Tiktok is just gonna assume there's a bunch of videos out there and go start looking for them. But if you specify, hey, don't go looking for my videos, these are the only 50 videos I want you to look at. It'll start going through those videos a lot faster. So you can save a ton of time just by doing this quick little hack. And you're only going to be running this for maybe two or three weeks, because as soon as you get all the rest of the videos, and then people are going to be requesting samples. Now, because your video, your content is going to be so there's gonna be so much content out there, you'll see like your actual organic sample request rate will go up. So you'll have a bunch more videos coming up. You'll want to turn this one off and then let the regular GMB Max do its thing. So plug all 50 of them in here. Oh yeah, here's a slide. So for in join brands, you'll see Tiktok shop posts, and then you'll see this download all data button click that, you'll get an Excel sheet with all of your spark codes from that campaign. The spark codes is in the column called spark codes. And then you also need to get that video ID, which is under link post the last string of digits after video forward slash. Those are your video ID. That's what you plug in. Take those 50 and plug those in the manual ad section. So ideally, you're going to run this at whatever aggressive ROI target you have. You're going to check it every single day to see, is it spending the budget. If it's not spending the budget, then your ROI target is probably too high. If it is spending the budget, then you need to decide, do I raise the budget, or do I raise the ROI target? Sometimes your budget is already kind of high and you're like, Well, let me just see if I'm spending all the budget at a two row as what happens if I set it to 2.5 that's up to you. You know, it's your money, it's your business. Kind of play around with that, but just check it every single day to figure out what move you need to make, and again, you want to just be as aggressive as you possibly can until you get to that 1000 units sold, because having a little 1k next to your product card looks a lot better than like 850 but once you have that K, everything kind of just gets a lot easier. So this is what my sample request page used to look like before we got started on one of the accounts. You know, you have a post rate. You know, all these post rates are less than 80% no one has any GMV. And then run the cold start, get some momentum, then you start to get sample requests from some real creators, from people that who really know what they're doing. They like your product. They see it, it's hot. All of a sudden they come to you. We weren't even running a bot on this, on this brand right here, and these are the kind of creators that were, were showing up to just ask for a sample. Yeah. Again. So once you complete a cold start like this, and you have everything. You have the traction, you have the momentum you have the social proof. You have 1000 units sold on your product. You're hot. You have hundreds of videos on on Tiktok. This more sophisticated brand, more sophisticated creators know how to even see like what your last 30 days sales were. So when they see that all these sales actually just happened, this is a good look for your brand. Now all this other stuff starts to work. Now you can turn on a bot and start do doing mass sampling, because you're going to get better creators that are going to actually take you up on that offer. Now you can entertain the idea of buying content packages from some of these agencies that will put 10 creators on retainer for you. It's a little easier to swallow knowing that your product has some momentum. You can hire an agency now, knowing that you know all of their efforts have a little jumpstart, and they're not starting from from zero. Once you your cold start situation is solved, all of this stuff gets a lot easier. And that's it,

Speaker  552997:20
very cool. Thank you. Alan, yeah, I have some questions. We'll have some questions here, man, so we'll go down the questions I have here, and then afterwards, people just want to jump in. Or when we're talking about your question, if you want any follow ups, just unmute yourself and speak up. But um, so Ibo from June, she's, I think she gave a brief description, said, A Brief. Is focus on the hook and minimum content rules and retention rate tip and tips of content that is working. That's kind of what you've outlined for a brief. And then the question is, can you use AI to summarize other videos and generate the brief?

Speaker  565776:00
Can you use AI to summarize? So if like by by brief, do you mean actually providing script, like helping creators with the full script, or are you still just trying to create a brief that kind of tells them about the product and what you guys are trying to accomplish.

Speaker  570906:40
I guess it would be helpful to understand what what's effective in the brief. So you mentioned having some of these elements, but how long should it be? Are there some good examples? And then, you know, you need to tailor specifically to your product. So you'd want to do some research and then summarize it and synthesize it, right? So if I was to do this by AI and just get all the research and scrape it and then summarize it, what, like, what rules would I tell it to kind of structure and organize that?

Speaker  579184:00
Good question, good question. Yeah, um, so I actually did. I've given this presentation before, and I just didn't want to be like all salesy on this call. I normally have a QR code where you can scan and get a brief that we've used in the past. So how should I offer that up to you guys? Jonathan and you should I just maybe let me see?

Speaker  584549:20
I mean, if you have it here, you can put it on the screen. If not, we can just send it up to the group. You just give it to me and I'll make sure.

Speaker  586213:20
Okay, yeah. So what I would do is take this brief that we've made, and you can kind of see there's, like, certain things that kind of just stand out, like, oh, this, this particular line probably Alex puts in every single brief, and then just take your Amazon reviews, plug it into chat, GPT, and ask it To recreate this brief with this product, with these reviews, and then it'll spit it out, and it's pretty damn good. And then you can kind of just read through it and edit it, as you may sometimes, all my edits, I just, I asked chat GPT to just redo it. Redo this part, actually, no, that part's not good. Redo this part. Redo this part. And eventually you, I mean, our briefs are long. They're like on a on a word doctor, like two to three pages, and that'll all fit in a joint brands campaign you want them to keep reading. It's almost like a long form sales page, like those, those kind of spammy supplements pages. People see, that's how that's how long it is. But again, you're trying to sell people on, not just, oh, this is a cool product that you can get for free, but hey, we think you can make a ton of money with this product. We're going to throw gnV Max behind it. We're also going to give you a hooks training, which I actually record a hooks training on, on every single campaign, and that's part of our like, our flow, once a once a creator accepts the campaign, purchases the product, and it's in route. We send a follow up message, and I say, Hey, thank you so much. Join the campaign. Did you know that? You know 90% of videos that go viral have retention rate of 70% of two seconds, 6% teach them that, and then I give them the link to the GPT for them to generate more hooks for the product.

Speaker  616117:20
So you're basically doing almost like a Creator content Training Guide for them that is incorporated into your brief. And that's why it's so long, because I was wondering about what's effective for humans, right? So, because you'll get a drop off rate for some people when it's too long, right, but the value add for them is you're paying them $25 for them to learn how to improve their content that they can make more money off of, right?

Speaker  622858:40
Yeah, yeah. Kat, well, so the thing that we realize is they don't actually get all $25 right? So the amount of money that they get is surprisingly pretty low. I don't want to say what it is, but it made me think, like, Man, why would anyone want to do one of these campaigns that are not getting paid that much? So that's why I really that's that's when I realized, like, I really need to talk these people into joining this campaign and let them know, like, hey, this isn't just for $10 this is for the possibility of making, you know, hundreds of dollars. Like, this is a real product. This is a real brand. Look at all the reviews we have on Amazon. We're going to do everything we can to help you make money. And if you don't make money on this product, I promise you, you're gonna learn something really cool that'll help you with all your future joint brands campaigns. So that's kind of what we're trying to talk them into. We're trying to get them to join this campaign. Because I think the hardest part of this entire process is filling all the spots fast.

Speaker  639578:40
So Alex, a question I'll find. All for that. One is, you have this long brief why not just make a creator video, which is, like, it could be an AI video, or could just be a real person that talks them through, hey, thanks so much for joining being a product. Here's the product, here's what it is, here's all the points and like, have like, a fun video that they can watch for a minute that gives them that same two pages, but it's in a much more or less intimidating and more easy to watch format, because they're they're Video Creators, so they may like a video content better. I was thinking about that while you're

Speaker  648021:20
presenting what? Yeah, I think that's, I think that's a great idea. I'd probably do both again, like the briefs, the way we write them, like they're full of emojis, like they're easy to read, giant text the way they're displayed on joint brands. It doesn't, I mean, two pages on, you know, with the size font we're talking about, it isn't really that, okay?

Speaker  653674:40
It's like, yeah, 40 size font, yeah, make a video. All right, cool. Another question we have here was from Kim, and it is, why no unboxing video

Speaker  657487:59
like, why not? Yeah, so unboxing videos work when you're like Kim Kardashian and you have millions of followers that want to just buy whatever the fuck you bought, right? So pardon my language, unboxing videos on Tiktok is, kind of a no no, right? If, when you're when people are scrolling, first of all, they have no idea who they're gonna see next, it's most likely going to be someone they don't know. And if the first thing they're showing is them opening an Amazon package, and they're just like, bye, see you later. You're about to try to sell me something. I don't even know who you are. You're trying to sell them something, bye, bye, and they scroll right away unboxing videos. And paying for unboxing videos work when you have an influencer with a huge following and people actually want to watch them unbox stuff, but on Tiktok, it's completely different

Speaker  671514:40
when you're doing this. How many hours a day. Do you think it takes to manage this day to day? Like you mentioned, maybe having a team member do it. How much time should they allocate

Speaker  674176:00
to doing this to two I would say two to four hours

Speaker  675200:00
a day. Yeah, wow. Okay, take some time to get these 100 videos.

Speaker  676640:00
Yeah, it does take some time. It is, it is quite a bit of work, but it is worth it. I mean, again, when you're looking at with the example I gave, with the cogs of $4 and then shipping at five, you're looking at $5,000 to get this entire thing done in two months. Where, you know, I'm sure some of you guys have seen Craig's post. I think he posted last summer where he was like 50 grand deep with an agency and had zero progress.

Speaker  685162:40
Kim, did you have a follow up to it? Oh, I see it right there. Yeah. Is it, yep,

Speaker  687626:40
yeah, yeah. That used to be part of, used to be a slide in this presentation was to to get at least nine pieces of content up on your page before you start, just because, if people were to go to your page and just kind of verify that you're legit brand having, you know, your full at least one little scroll of content there would look good. It's a plus, but not necessary. You could still do this without it, but it is a plus to have it for for one, it just makes you look like more of a legit brand. Two, you want the creators to at you in their description, and when they at you, that's another thing that you're whoever's running this for you should be in your Tiktok app as well, looking out for those ads and then just be the first one to comment. There is no way to tag comments, but usually, if the brand is commenting on a video, it'll stay at the top, and that's just a little extra exposure. So having your own brand account is good, just so you can comment on the videos, like the videos, and they can add you having content. We can do an entire webinar or mobile call on how I think too many brands sleep on on doing their own content. That's how I first went viral. We rattled off our first on 20,000 sales on our own page by going viral on our own page, and I and zero commission. And there's nothing better than that. So I do think you should be doing that anyway, but if you're not, it's not a deal breaker.

Speaker  715253:20
So other question we have is, can we talk about how to get Tiktok shop for non US owners? That's a very popular one for this group. It's like, yeah, it's what's comes up the most. Do you know anything about it?

Speaker  719450:40
Yeah, no, I wish. I wish. I could help in that area who, I'll try to think of who, who would be.

Speaker  721776:00
I know Ivan just got one, because he's Singapore and he's Ivan, so maybe we all can just go back on that,

Speaker  723680:00
because I it was something that we're discussing like quite a few months ago. I think some people can think the latest was that you could buy somebody else's account and that, yeah, anyone had any success?

Speaker  729637:20
I mean, yes, that's, that's a huge thing that we got to figure out. Right? I know, I know Jamie figured it out there in the UK. Jamie Graham, maybe he has some insights on how they did it.

Speaker  733802:40
I'm really cautious with the whole process, because I am American. I have a Social Security I have all of the paperwork that matches my license, my US license, and even though my company is an Australian company, I had it set up last year, and then after a few months, just as I was getting ready to start launching everything, It got shut down, and I have not been able to get it live again, despite trying for months and months and months.

Speaker  743493:20
So what? What was their reason? They said that you were

Speaker  744757:20
it said because of suspicious activity. But I couldn't get anything more than that. And it must have been, but I even bought a US phone, and that US phone, and I set it all up when I was in the US and this phone that's sitting here on my desk, it hasn't really been used for anything else except the potential problem is that I think my Children might have gone on the phone, and maybe that logged on different IPs or something like that. I don't really know. That's the only thing that I can

Speaker  754928:00
like, yeah, yeah. I think that's what it was that she was outside of the country, playing around with this, and they just, it's, it's really, it's, they're really sensitive and really fickle. And it's, it's a pain in the ass. That's one thing I

Speaker  759285:20
Marissa, I think it's easier for you because you're American, but maybe what you should do is get a friend and use their address for your residential address, and then also get a Tello number, which is an actual real SIM card, not a VoIP sim, so you actually get a proper phone number. And then Apple,

Speaker  764138:39
I bought this phone in the US and it is a Verizon phone. It's like, it's just purely a US phone, did you and I have a US license with the US address. My whole family's in the States, okay?

Speaker  768176:00
And then you have a US Apple ID,

Speaker  769471:59
yes, yeah. I set up a new Apple ID. I set up everything separate,

Speaker  770992:00
okay, then it's your VPN. But one problem, I mean, I'm struggling even with access to cloud, but change all your DNS in your system and lock it down so that your computer looks like it's in the US, because that's really the option that you have.

Speaker  775669:20
My question is, though, if we all have teams around the world and Alex like, do you have teammates in outside of the US, handling anything ticked off? Sorry, my children are home, if you can hear

Speaker  778938:39
them, yeah? Once, once you have them, once you give them access, like their own login, then it's fine. It's you just don't want them logging in with your

Speaker  781578:40
right account, so the main account must not be touched,

Speaker  782522:39
right, right? Yeah, from whatever, yeah, from what I've heard,

Speaker  783626:40
okay, so that would be, that is my caution, too. If you do go down the path and you have another social security, and you get it set up in the US, then set up a sub account. If you plan on being in another country and logging in, even with a VPN, even on a US phone, you wouldn't, you wouldn't want that attached to the main account.

Speaker  790085:20
It feels like building a house on, you know, like, yeah, not, not solid legs, you know, it's like, could go down at any point

Speaker  792565:20
when I travel. I don't have that issue. Maybe it's because I'm on my laptop and they know it's me, but yeah, I probably wouldn't log in from like a internet cafe, if those still exist.

Speaker  796666:40
One question now that's also popped up is when you do typically see profitability for your campaigns, trying to get an idea of an all in investment after those 1000 sales, right? So like, then you have so you have those 1000s, say. Sales, those aren't really so profitable, and then now you're giving videos to creators, and that's an investment. And at one point, do you start to see, like the return on investment?

Speaker  803824:00
Yeah, it's kind of really up to how aggressive you want to be with it and what you're trying to accomplish I know some brands are willing to lose money on Tiktok knowing that the spillover onto Amazon is there. So in the supplement space, there are people who have actually been able to calculate their spillover, and they're willing to lose that much on Tiktok, so in the end, it's all a wash, but they just know the recurring revenue, because they're in supplements, that it's going to pay off in the end. Now, obviously we all can't do that if we're not in supplement space, but if you can shoot for break even on Tiktok, the way I look at it is, at the end of the month, I look at how many views that I have, what did that cost me? Some months I'm profitable, some months I'm break even. But then I just say, Wow, those CPMs for these 15, 20 million views was $0 so you're basically getting free marketing, top of funnel marketing, and then the spillover on Tiktok. I haven't been able to exactly figure out what what it is, but it's a lot, you know, to the point where I've been able to raise my price 50% you know, used to be 2930 and my my sponsored ads, has decreased a lot. I think my tacos now is eight or nine when it used to be 1820 so. So you have to look at Tiktok not as like another channel, to try to make more profit on that particular channel, but to help Amazon Shopify some of these creatives that you're going to get you can use on meta to drive more qualified traffic to your website. But I mean, I've helped accounts get through the cold start. By the end of the cold start, on a daily basis, they were already profitable. There's still a little more to go and to make up for the money that was invested in the past two months, but on a daily basis, they're already profitable because they got their GMB match running at like three and a half.

Speaker  839109:20
ROAs, we have time for one more question. It's from Brian here to get to roughly 200,000 in sales this year. How much would you focus on lives, versus affiliates, versus brand content? Do you have the goal to get to 200k sales. What's your strategy so?

Speaker  843962:40
So yeah, I would lives would be last. Not that lives are important, aren't important, but it's not a huge lever. And there's a lot of work that goes into lives, managing a whole live team and all that. I do do that, and I could talk about that forever, but that would be last, because that kind of grows organically. You'll get people interested in doing lives for you once they see a bunch of sales and a bunch of content already on Tiktok, your own brand content, if you have the capability of doing that, and it's not a huge investment. I mean, that's how I started. So I'm going to be biased towards that if you could post every single day on your own account and look at those metrics and just constantly improve on your hooks, I promise you, in two months, you will go viral, and you'll rattle off 1000 cells in one day with some video that did 1,000,002 million views. If you just post every single day for two months, I guarantee you'll see results and then affiliates, I think is, is the way to go, do a proper cold start, and you'll see that the the sampling running a bot, whether it's you go or or reach your uptick, those get a lot easier. And you can be, you can be picky about who you gave your samples to. And then these videos are they'll be good. Getting to 200k in a year should be pretty easy. I would shoot to try doing that in a month.

Speaker  868432:00
I like the thinking, Yeah, okay. And then Alex, for people that do struggle with doing the cold start, you've just had so many people ask you if you could help them or do it that you basically have like team members that can help you can help companies do the cold start.

Speaker  873749:19
Yeah, yeah. So I brought my brother, my older brother, on to help me with with the cold starts that we're doing for my brand. So he's really savvy in it, and he's hired out an entire team. So if you would rather not do this and just have it done for you, we can, we can do that for you, for sure. Cool.

Speaker  878970:40
And so after this, you're going to give me the. Example, brief, right?

Speaker  880464:00
Yeah, yeah, maybe I can drop a link in here. Okay, let's do this.

Speaker  884416:00
Actually. I'll share this with you, Jonathan, then I have some on my phone.

Speaker  885621:20
Yeah, I'll share it. We have a group chat you only get if you move to Asia. I'll get you access to that

Speaker  888181:20
group chat might happen sooner

Speaker  889093:20
than later. Well, I appreciate this. This was a lot of fun. Alex, yeah, thanks for sharing. I think we will probably have to do a follow up on other strategies as we go everyone,

Speaker  891642:40
this is just the beginning, right? There's a bunch of other stuff.

Speaker  892586:40
Yeah, everyone. Click the feedback link. Give your feedbacks. We read them, we go over them. This will shape the features of these calls. And I think next time we see you, Alex, we're gonna see you'll be closer to that doubling up will be great.

Speaker  897840:00
Yep, awesome guys, thanks for having me, man. Thanks everyone. All right, guys, bye, bye.
