Rockies Chapter Monthly Call
Date: January 21, 2026

Speaker  00:00
The most important thing. So I think the I would say, instead of the specific activities that were wasted or low ROI, I need to focus on the high activity ones, which is really simple in terms of work, create the plan, and then work the plan. And I think that would make a huge difference. Uh, opportunities. We have some this is also what went wrong, back to that we have some product launches that we just didn't do. And basically it was, it was a lot of it was me just being distracted with other things. And instead of working that plan, just letting things and then all of a sudden, we either didn't launch them at all, even though we have the product. Or we would launch them, but not launch them well, like we wouldn't do meta stuff with them, or we wouldn't get them out into Facebook groups, we would just kind of launch them on Amazon and leave them alone. And it just, it really just was a weak way of doing it. I think we left a lot of money on the table because that, as well as market share, number one goal we can achieve organization 100% like, I'm not good. I've realized I am so much better in the corporate world than the the small entrepreneur type world. I'm used to my team. Day job team is about 150 people. I'm really comfortable in that environment, and I'm used to it, because it's been my whole life where, in the small one, where everything falls back to me, I tend to make the mistake of letting it fall back to me instead of putting people in the right seats. So I think we started to do better that, you know, we put in Slack, we put in base camp, we've we've put in a couple of these tools, which have helped dramatically. So like this year, I haven't even looked in the Customer Service email once other people have done that. So those things have been huge, but not doing enough of it has been would that would be the number one goal is to offload more more work to other people. I think, in terms of So, what I would do differently in 26 I'm gonna kind of skip some of these planning ahead, like, I've already set up a couple planning meetings with people to go over. Like, where are we going to focus our Avenue efforts? Where can we get stuff kitted before it gets to us, where's our best margin opportunity? A lot of it is on that, like, how can we do that? And can we get stuff in and do it in the summer and then get everything into AWD, so we're not always chasing the market, but it's there, and then we can just watch what happens and have the ability to be a little bit more proactive in responding versus purely reactive. I think that kind of goes with all of these, and then support. I need to do a better job of figuring out how to build a team around a smaller business and how to allocate some of this Amazon's not expertise for me in any in any stretch. So I think figuring out how to build a system that's a little bit more sustainable, and they can have people that can do more of it, and I can, I can look at the bigger picture of it, versus being in the minutia of it, that's where I would need the most support in terms of hiring a couple good people and implementing some systems that would allow the free time To be able to look at the business. I think that's the most important of them. Revenue wise, honestly, I don't pay this will sound kind of weird, because a lot of you guys are really good at this and pay attention to it. I don't know our numbers very well. I look at seller board a little bit to see if it does it. I look at the bank account, but with all the kids stuff and our real estate stuff, I kind of focus more on those. And I think there's going to be a bigger focus on this year. I have a some people that are helping me with the numbers and building out some spreadsheets that have all the ad stuff to return all the information so I can actually look at it. And then we're going to train one of the people on the team to update that sheet on a regular basis. And even just this year, we just started doing this. We have a person that helps with like forecasting, and they would send in what they thought we should send in Amazon. And I had just a little thing that made a huge difference was they added the margin in. So now when I look at what we have to I can prioritize it by the highest margin products or whatnot, and so just little things like that. So that's the focus for for next year. And we're tiny. I mean, we're, like, less than 2 million on Amazon, so, like, we're the JV squad of MDS, the bar elsewhere, we're going to get booted off the practice field, but it's fun to learn. And I've that's where I've looked at like, I love being around a bunch of people that are really good at things, even with our insurance. You know, the brokerage that I do daily, that's what I tell my sales team every day is like, strive to be an expert at your craft. Like, that's what we want to do. And so like, being around a bunch of people that are is is both intimidating, because there's so much I don't know and so much to learn, but it's also really cool to if you go out and you find 100 people, like, maybe one of them could do any of the stuff that we all do, you know. And that's pretty cool. So it's fun to learn that stuff, and I enjoy that so I think we're in a place where we could, I think would be very easy, easy to to over triple the business with a little bit of expertise and a little bit of direction and Focus. So that's kind of what I'm looking for. Yeah,

Speaker  92876:48
it's cool, man, that's, I mean, I don't think MDS kick anyone out as long as you get a million.

Speaker  94476:48
I'd be sarcastic on that one. Yeah.

Speaker  95516:48
Accelerator program now they're taking people under a million I know,

Speaker  97472:00
does anyone have to leave early that wants to go?

Speaker  98560:00
Like, I mean, I will need to co leave because I gotta pick up learn at 320 so, yeah, I need to leave probably around 130

Speaker  100800:00
ish, so do you want to go? Or do you have anything?

Speaker  101541:20
Yeah, sure, I did sorry do all this, yeah, but I could just talk,

Speaker  103701:20
yeah. What's our formal end time?

Speaker  104389:20
Just same page was, like, two, but okay, 130

Speaker  105765:20
or two. But like, you know, I think we did two and a half. But like, first, you know, we started late, so if people have to leave, we understand. But if you take off and you want to get some feedback or cover your stuff, just raise your hand.

Speaker  110890:40
Yeah, I so basically, I was selling all them, like, so we our business. We have two brands, and we were super profitable for like five or six years, netting over a million a year. And then, you know, things really changed for us. It was higher PPC costs combined with all these overstock fees. So we had sent in too many anyway. So basically, we went from netting over a million dollars to when you're netting like 400,000 which was fine. But then that year, after that 2024 we only got like 80,000 and last year we might have been in the red. We're going to be like around break even. So all of this has just been like fees, because our rep was still like 5 million, $6 million it's just been a lot of fees and overhead, maybe taking all your money. Amazon is taking all my money. So we, we are trying to get back to making money. I don't think we'll be anywhere near the million dollar mark, but, you know, I would love to net like 400,000 again or whatever. I don't know if that's realistic, though, at least not for this year. So we do have a lease that we're in that end up this year. And yeah, it takes like 12,000 a month. That's our biggest like expense that we don't really need all the space. But if we move which we're going to move so we get something cheaper, we're gonna have to dump a lot of product that just isn't selling or is selling too slow. So unfortunately, have a lot of sort of dead inventory. We made the mistake of going out of stock on several products, and then when we brought them back, the ring had just been decimated, and it just never came back to our west. So we were like, Oh, it's hot. It's running out of stock. Buy a ton. And then it went from selling like 150 a day to five because and we tried all these re ranking strategies, and just none of them stuck. I'm just kind of going on down. So I think our goal, our goal this year, is we're trying to cut back on expenses. We're going to look for a new place, hopefully, you know, make a little money this year, but then I'm hoping for 2027 that we can really get back to, like, making money and growing once we get rid of that place, get rid of the dead stock, like all that kind of stuff. We also launched a new product last year, which is actually selling pretty good. It's just not profitable yet, because we put so much money into PPC development, and the price isn't where I want it to be yet, but we're starting to slowly raise the price. So right now, that's kind of like sucking money out of the business, but I'm hoping that we'll be able to turn it profitable. And it does have a demand, it does sell, so I do think it will be profitable once we can get everything in order there. So we're launching a couple products this year, but only products that we've already been developing and already paid for. Otherwise I probably wouldn't spend the money. So yeah, and we're really trying to sell the new product on Tiktok. So if anyone ever had, like, awesome Tiktok advice or anything, and let me know we're selling about 50 to 60 Ben Tiktok right now. But, I mean, I love to increase that,

Speaker  157866:40
so I have a couple. So I was in the least in a different business 15 years ago, long term, and it was like, we had, like, a couple years left, but we couldn't maintain it. If you, if you can, you should talk to your landlord, see, but sometimes if you, if you advertise, you might be able to find a tenant for them. Oh, and they'll let you, like, get out, because all they care about is getting the income right. Yeah, you probably could negotiate it out now, like, say, we're a few months out, can you and then let them do the marketing? Maybe you pay it, pay their marketing, right? You could probably get out sooner, if you if you had in their place. I just like, like, said, we talked about, I like the mixed use space. I like the space, you know. Or you could even, you know, like says, even if you could build something where you have a ton of storage space, but you live in a part, I mean, because I think where you're at, yeah, it's the next couple years is unknown. So, you know, yeah, that's one big cost. But if you can turn your costs down and flooded the storm, right? But to do that, you have to sacrifice a lot in business, right? You know, cut your costs. And so maybe you have to sacrifice short term, you know, like, maybe you rent your house out. And, you know I'm saying, just, yeah, turn that cost, and then you can get profitable. And then, now the other thing too, are you a C Corp or S Corp? We are an LLC, yeah, because if you have a C Corp, you could actually donate all your debt inventory. You can mark it up a little bit, and you can take, I can't do that with LLC. You can do it. You can you're supposed to, you're supposed to, okay, so, off the record, I donated probably $150,000 a year in inventory, dead inventory, with Amazon returns, right? Yeah, it all has value. I get all my returns back. I pay the money. I take pictures of them. We get about 30, 40% return to us from Amazon. Okay? By just going through it all. Yeah, I donate the rest. And so the rule is, is, you're, you donate the cost of goods sold. But you know, what is the cost to get sold, right? So all your costs, all your civic guard, everything, right? Because if you're on approval County, you're only, you're you're writing your cash accounting, which is better for taxes, which is probably what we're all right. When you sell, you want to do cool when you're right. So most of us are on cash, right? You take a write off, okay? And so when you sell the inventory, right, or when you get the inventory, and so if you, if you can take the donate of, I just don't take a trailer up to di every year, okay, I just don't watch stuff. And then they give me the sheet. I can write whatever I want on that sheet. I don't but you're

Speaker  198949:20
supposed to write the cost of goods sold in terms of, like the reason, or the retail

Speaker  200197:20
C Corp. You could actually add wholesale cost, a wholesale fee, like they say, 50% of what your sale price is. So you might want to look at filing a C Corp, moving all the image toward the C Corp, and then maybe you can donate it through that LLC. I have an LLC, and I don't need it, but, and because my accounting is so bad, I don't know the actual cost. So I put, you know, my people, whatever

Speaker  207594:40
I want. What is like? What's the technical rule?

Speaker  208512:00
Like, what's Well, if it costs you a buck 50, you write off about 50. Oh, okay, so the cost of what you paid, but all your shipping costs, everything that you can write off here you can tap tariffs. You can put Yeah, yeah, tariffs, yeah, to cost the item. Because if you if, if you didn't capture it in your income sheet, we'll just write it all off as a tax deduction, and then take a negative you'll make your loss more negative, but you don't have to pay taxes, so just under just use chat, GBT, whatever, understand the donation code, but a lot of high volume sellers will donate a lot every year, and you can do certain percent of your revenue, and they don't have they don't blink, they don't care, as long as it's not a high percent. Okay, another

Speaker  218970:40
question for you guys. So if you guys have anything, that's a good day. I'll look into that. And if anyone knows of any, like overstock companies that buy your Overstock, let me know they're game. They're mostly games and toys. They're not like bad or anything. In fact, a lot of them were really hot selling until we ran out, and that was the problem was we just weren't able to re rank. So they're not like that quality or anything.

Speaker  225136:00
Have you looked at woot?

Speaker  225680:00
Yeah, we've worked with Woot, and they have some inventory for us. We just still have a lot more left. So if anyone knows of like an organization that would want to take them as liquidation or something, let me know. Okay, thank you guys.

Speaker  230610:40
All right. Anyone else want to

Speaker  231618:40
go volunteer? Yeah, no, you've written you didn't you it yourself? We'll listen to it. Yeah.

Speaker  233491:12
So I put in the format. I'm in the middle of doing our EOS for the year. We kind of stopped doing OS for a bit. So I'll go over the MDS form one. It doesn't so my goals and plans are on the Eos direction organizer, but I still filled out the reflection before. It's just more like the collection forms more focused or high level. But anyway, so on the section, reflect over the last 12 months, it all went right. So we had to make a bunch of major cuts, and when we needed to, we made that. So that's always hard and challenging, especially for me. So that definitely went right. We were able to expand our capacity with fewer team members and better system process we may like, I was just looking at it. We made one 6262 listing changes last year. So like the downsides, we have a lot to make, like typos and false claims and image things like that, back end attributes, but we build the systems to where it works, like we can do it at scale, and that's what a lot of last year was. By the end of last year, we were profitable. I don't know by how much, because numbers aren't in yet. We do both cash and the cool so it might be like $1 but at least it's not negative training. Really negative at beginning, there we have updated our branding designs. They're not alive because we have 1000s to roll out, but at least they're updated. They look good, so now we're rolling them out. So what went wrong is we made 10s of 1000s of micro errors in the listings over the last couple years. So by claiming that power cords for your Mac or waterproof, and then, like, especially in some of our categories, you can't use phrases like high quality, you know? And I always wondered, but because we track everything on change logs, and we can just see sales slowly drop at a 3060, 90 day periods, and then go back and find the changes that associated so the good news is we know all of the errors that help that lower ranking. Now the bad news is found out by lowering, yeah, drinking and lots of silent expression, and then you're not searchable on Google. Is a big one, depending on the phrases. And then in setting up these new automations and things through the SP API, pulling a bunch of reports. And in one of them, it actually finally tells us, like you can pull listing errors by sending sense. You're not allowed to use high quality. Which is fascinating, are some of our product listings are 1015, years old or older, so, and we do valid premium brand. And so they were that, was it smaller? Is like that? That it went wrong is that the director I had didn't believe in process and system, so he would say he would do it, but then kind of dismantle everything, so having to put all that back in place. Kelly's a good news, because when you have revealed you can do it better. So what did we learn this kind of pivot moment that I had a week couple weeks ago is that we really move the market, and then everyone kind of follows, like our copy and our typos, ironically, are in dozens of other brands too. So it's funny to watch all our typos end up in everyone else's topic, but we would make a lot of like increment, like giant leap forward on product development. So instead of doing that, having some copies, we find that making incremental works. So instead of making a major product change, really figure okay, we can do that three steps, and that gives us three launches, you know, three improvements over the years. But I just been focused so much on people stealing their ideas, as opposed to at a high level. That's kind of the good things in the market, right? Because customers get a better like, like, for example, with a lot of video game converters and audio video converters. In the old days, you didn't get a nationwide cable or anything, so you just get the Convert. So like, 1015, it's pretty obvious now, but we just didn't start including whatever cables you need. You know, remember TVs, then use the camera cables now. So it's kind of one of the basic things. Now, every one that you buy on Amazon does, and so looking at that as that's one of the things I'm good at, is seeing how can we and a lot of, how can we make a Ben, right? How can we improve this? And so doing that by us being in the market, in these niches, we make it better, like even General Electric and RCA, we redesigned the cables that go for like televisions. And last year, RCA and General Electric now use our design, the new design, and then Amazon's plus the Amazon Basic Bitcoin thing to stop selling it, because nobody even cares bill of crappy design. So I was so frustrated for so long on that, I mean, we'll make plenty of money on beavers on it and looking at it instead of a negative thing. Like, everyone's going to copy. Because positive things now customers only get better sign like, nobody even sells the graphic design. I think there's one company on the industry. So that's kind of a big that kind of re energized, motivated. So that way it's less about profit, less about the long term exit, less about that, more about we're making the marketplace better. So that kind of, you're not Ben News, you know, they don't care anyway. I mean, they literally copy and paste our listing, and that's straight patent damsel just take them down, yeah, in our niche, because almost everything's been in China. So we would like, for example, we took someone down a couple of weeks ago. They literally just copy word for word, and then they put it in their a plus, and they hit it nice. Barely came across. I reported. So then they attacked us like crazy. So that product and the other one, it's all gone down, and we got violations up, everything like it was just in our category. If you report anybody, you get attacked, like your whole account, like we had a suspension 2018 we're counterfeiting our own brand. And then 2017 we got suspended because we had a competitor buy like we have access. First, they bought 900 and something of them. They opened. They took some out of all them and returned them all as new, sold as used or used, sold as new.

Speaker  340864:00
So I have all my IEP filed under a different LLC, and then understand that account. It sells like small okay. And so what happens is, I have all my high selling brands over here, and I do a license agreement from the IP account to them, and Amazon takes it. So when I report stuff, I report it from the account. So if they attack me, they don't know that I own these other ones. So they they might, no one's attacking me, but if they did, they would attack my low selling brand, and I wouldn't give a crap, right? That's what I do. I keep all it's good to keep all IP in one LLC and all, and I like to do all my shipping through another LLC, and then my holding company is a master entity. That's how I do it. So that way the Chinese tackle the other account, not my main one, licensing, especially your innovative designs. It's $1,500.03 grand in the end, but and then cost zero. It's like Ben cam canvas, easy to take down, but you're right, they'll

Speaker  357312:00
attach it. That's great, because we do have a that's our goal is for this year's we have legacy brands. We need to get rid of all my hundreds of $1,000 of old inventory, because it's full of old stuff. So they just needs to go all right? So then analyze that we do on our annual goals compared to what we said. So we fell short of our financial goals and our listing goals and our marketing plans, but we did so I developed a very aggressive turnaround plan, which was just hundreds of projects, 1000s of individual tasks. We all we did really well on it. We didn't get everything done, but it was like, like, two, three years worth of work. And then I did just review our final I haven't finished all our numbers, but we were able to cut, this was as of October, $430,000 of overhead, so they'll be cut off. And that included PPC spend aggressively, like the team went through keyword by keyword, you know, campaign, like, just lots and lots and so. But which was great, because even if we break even, that meant we would want more than 30,000 otherwise, but just die. So it's huge. And that was only we only started that in, like, April, May. So the things that move the needle the most were following the detailed plan. Like, I'm really good at planning, and then I'm really bad at convincing people that the plan is good, but the team's really good about getting it done. And so following the plan alert really well. The significant cuts did it because a lot of our system process were dismantled. It's best way like, I'm pretty sure you couldn't use click up, and so I just had to get that but so we putting new systems across this, dashboards in but because we have to make so many changes, everything we're rebuilding is designed for that scam. And so because we have to change literally, like 8000 images the system, and definitely, everything has been built to do that in a short period of time. So it allows us, with everything back in place, to be able to launch, go back to launching hundreds of products, because it's designed for that, and then eliminating the last few team members that weren't a players. And so, you know, doing cuts is a good time to fill that in there too. So the wasted effort was focusing on software and app cuts, like we all pay so many subscription fees, but it wasn't anything compared to PPC and wages and mistakes like that, really, you know. So the time the extra, like a lot of these apps are 100 bucks a month, and they say 1020 minutes, but they say 1020 minutes my time, like, for an hour to my time. So it's totally like those way of having to resubscribe to some of them anyway. So it's worth it. We've also made listing changes to products around stock, around the life that goes to smart worth the effort. And then we do a lot through AWD. We tried to bypass and run AWD and FBA simultaneously during but FBA is so inconsistent, and it's really weird with with our catalog, because we package and ship AWD case packs here we can control the size of each case oddity, and so it's pretty much if there's less fewer than six units in a case, FBA is cheaper, except for weight. So if you send that small parcel, it makes its weight because usually, if you have six or more, if six won't fit in a box, it's usually a weight or size issue, and you pay. So unless we're sending a full truckload to FBA, in addition to all everything we send a WD, FBA was never cheaper, and so streamlining the system, so doing both, was worth it, but it's really weird, putting like, five things in a box and sending an AWD, and then when it gets that, forwarding it over to FBA. But during four that's like eight days, 10 days, and so trying to do both was a bad idea. I've tried to, like three years, always bad idea, sending everything on a single truckload per every two weeks, or whatever we can do, and then just recording it over. It just was way faster, way better. It's cheaper, able to get the right center, yeah. So even with East Coast, we found it was cheaper, because when you can't get West Coast AWD, you can't get wet, because FDA, either, you know, and so, or they're sending, like, we ran a few 100 different calculations through it, because we can, just, like, use API manually, just create all different combinations. And what we found is that they're gonna make their fee no matter what, like, no matter what, what we found is that if, if there's no amount placement fee, they just kind of charge away more for shipping, you know, and so we'd be like, Okay, it's 50 cents if we do this, or if we send five cases or five pallets, they'll split it out. But then they would send them to random locations. They would just cost the extra money, like, Georgia cost twice much as Florida. Like, there's no logic to it. So what we figure is they're probably just an algorithm saying Amazon needs X amount per unit, and they just make up the days for so that was really fascinating on the splits, alright, so in the upcoming year, the greatest opportunities, and so then I use this stuff to make the the EOS vision traction. So it's not necessarily exactly what we're doing, but so automating our recording tracking from our change log. This was big. So we track everything, and then I've just been doing a lot more N and N and learning all the API endpoints and reports and automating stuff that's saving a lot of time. We've been working on other opportunities, automating our account health tracking. We do that manually. Still each day, we have a really good PPC strategy, I think. So I spent a couple years designing it, and we're going to roll it out last year, and we haven't rolled it out yet, because we have to fix everything. So that's a good opportunity. I mean, our tacos are like three and a half percent anyway, but I think we can, think we can increase sales a lot without increasing tacos on itself and then rolling out. We have returns and went off. So one offs is, like all our brands, the inventory Switcheroos, you get back. So combining that with every Amazon returns we're working on, so we need to get that rolled out. Next thing, we have 3500 square feet of crap from 20 years of brands and stuff, greatest challenges or increased fees from Amazon, increased knockoffs of our products and our brands, the uncertainty of tariffs and the inflation rate, like if it's just, can pick a rate and stick to it, and then we'll adjust accordingly. We'll kill some products, switch manufacturing, but just pick a rate. Stop saying infinity percent, 1% nobody, 900% that's like Wednesday. And then dropping below our revenue required to break even, because we're about a third as large as we used to be, so we're still we're now down to somewhere around five a year, and so five is about break even for overhead. Below five is an issue. I think that's probably a lot. There's always that number. And so, yeah, we were three times the size when we moved in here, and when we moved we had to grow to maintain it. But the profit comes because we have so much extra inventory for being bigger and then shrinking, is that that two thirds of our inventory hasn't had tariff on So, I mean, we always had terror. We're at 31% 31 so it's still at that versus the new infinity percent, or whatever, whatever. So the number one goal we achieve is updating our branding on 100% of our catalog with all of our new images copy. If we can't do all of the branding, at least fixing everything, so our new branding looks really good, and our old branding, all the brands look like our old branding, right? And so we we have a tendency to set a design background. Come from design family background, like my brother was photographer apple and like Martha Stewart and all those so like we have, I have that skill set and experience, but you have to, like, constantly update. You know, every couple years, we just haven't. One thing I learned in 2025 in 2025 so that, like, so we have value in marketplace, we force the industry move upward in quality and product options. So that was kind of big that Mo, that's money won't motivate me, like nothing person like social like, but that was knowing that I value what we do. That value like I can work on that, and then profit doesn't have to be a support I still want. So the support is consistent team performance, because we've got so deep We can't lose anybody. So that'll be important. And then to mitigate that,

Speaker  513952:00
we have to automate, streamline all of our data collection, keyword search term, automate all the reporting. And then I've been working on using the chatgpt Pro API. It's a lot more expensive, but it is much better at analysis, like, it's really good, it announced, but 525051 were that great? But five two, pro and and the way I contest this is I give it 23 and 24 data, and I say project 25 but I don't tell it that those the years. I say, Here's yours one, here's yours to project the next year, but because I have the next year's data, if it projects it accurately, then I know the models tuned properly, and that's going to work me really well. And I'm really impressed with with the 5.2 problem. It's expensive, but it stays really good. So then the next step is having it run the keyword search term. So we'll see how that works. And then I have to stay focused. Like I love building love, creating love, everything like that. I hate managing and running and doing so, but if I create too much, the team can't do it. And then I'm not I'm then on the like, five steps ahead, instead of being focused and available, somebody make sure. And what I will do differently. So I put two is the weight of what I I'll enjoy the word more than work. I'll go back to focus on the long term, which allows me to be comfortable and break evens and losses for a couple years. And then I'll empower and train the team on new additional tools and systems. So it sounds like the way they were managed for a couple years is they're just told what to do, versus here's how it works exactly. They're brilliant. They can get it done. And here's the end goal, here's the tools. What do you need? Yeah, so, and they're doing about seven, eight times more work, maybe up to 10, than they were doing before. So impressive. So that's, let's go down. That's nice.

Speaker  547616:00
Thanks for sharing.

Speaker  548544:00
Yeah, if you do decide to move your space, that the cheapest way to build a warehouse, right? Because you can buy them for sale. They always ask way too much money. It's those metal buildings. You know, those metal warehouses. They're only like, 60 grand for a kit for 5000 square feet. And then you do cement. It's about 250 K over. I priced it all, wow. Yeah, it's cheaper than

Speaker  554277:20
you think. What you have to look for,

Speaker  554981:19
you know, the middle warehouses, everyone's kind of bills, it's

Speaker  555754:40
got the middle out and you like, upgraded

Speaker  556362:40
No, no. Buy land, no. Buy land in a either a multi use zone, you got to check the zoning by just buy a plug, half acre an acre. Okay? I think you should do, I always do middle of an acre. Okay, so you buy an acre and it's not going to cost them like for an acre, right? Yeah, but you need light industrial zoning. Light industrial zoning, get the city do it. It only cost you. 250 5000 square foot warehouse. 250 in building costs. 250 K, less than 300 so you can rent that thing out for six grand a month. Yeah, so your 250 plus land is under 500 you make it a good return. But for you guys, what we want to do is build. Don't build more than 5000 square feet warehouses, but build. If you need 10,000 you build two each other, and you then you can build them close to each other, and you can have always so you can connect them. So what, the way I've seen them done is people will build four of them on an acre, two per half acre, that's and they could, they run out the three, and they take the one if they need more. They can, depending on the one, they take the two, right? So it allows you to scale. It allows you to rent out each building, and those two, two of them, rent replied, will pay your whole mortgage on that problem, right? That's the way to do it. Okay? That's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. Once I get St George, I'm

Speaker  577632:00
going to hit you up. Actually,

Speaker  578240:00
if you had all the rent you paid, you would have easily covered that. And 12,000 that have been your mortgage on doing the whole bill.

Speaker  580352:00
And we spent a million in the last five years, and I think it's 1.1 quarter million for the next

Speaker  581781:20
five years, and then that you build it that way, light industrial metal fab warehouses, you can sell that way more you put in there. The problem with these kind of buildings with big warehouses, there's not that many people that need those. Yeah, most of people need the 5000 square foot or less. So see if it is. But if you need more than that, just build a building close to each other and just all of it, yeah? Well, you're,

Speaker  588138:40
you're in the Iron Age. If later, we'll talk offline. But the problem of that down here on that, because we were working on it years ago, actually had the land, then we got rid of it. Ironically, it's for a triple time, yeah, but land down here is insane, yeah? Like, it's half million plus an acre, if you can even get an acre. Here's the Black Rock and then some beer. Horton bought like, like, seven, 800 acres, some insane amount of land. So it's going crazy to have acreage, using the quarter acre to put a land, yes, a land.

Speaker  596048:00
So things is like, I go way far out. I just passes

Speaker  597733:20
it take to build those ones aren't that hard, because when you say six months a year

Speaker  598933:20
ago, three weeks, yeah, way less than that.

Speaker  599653:20
I have one in my backyard. I have a 3500 square foot one in my backyard.

Speaker  600917:20
The challenge is, it's just permitting, getting electrical there if you need a plumbing, like it's it's the running the slab and then anything else, okay, mechanical

Speaker  603594:40
to it. Once the build lab is poured, the build was up in three days.

Speaker  604586:40
Yeah, really, yeah,

Speaker  605482:40
so did you? Did you buy your land you're on now, then strategically for that purpose?

Speaker  607322:40
Yes, to a certain degree, but like, we're also in a, like, a housing neighborhood, like, I mean, we have a quarter acre lot, so we don't have much room. If you look at our house and then that behind it, and the permitting wasn't that hard. It took a few months, but super quick.

Speaker  611984:00
Yeah, you keep inventory

Speaker  612848:00
in there, yeah, like, fun side, stupid things that we're doing. Yes, we use a three PL for majority of our warehousing.

Speaker  615493:20
Yeah, cool, man, I gotta

Speaker  616773:20
leave in like 10 ish minutes.

Speaker  617157:20
Okay, this Lori, Chris or Matt. Do you want to go? I'll go. All right,

Speaker  619354:40
all right. So what went right for us last year? We really formulated our new product development schedule. So for probably the last three years, we were really in a cycle where we were launching about 15 to 20 products per quarter and then waiting about six months and killing 90% of those to get a winner. And it was working well, but like capital outlay on that and just time and effort that we were putting into it wasn't worth it, so we slowed things down last year and really focused on two products per quarter that we probably put about 16 to 18 months of innovation into and it's more than paid for itself. It has probably grown our business the most out of anything that we've done in the last year. And really, like we sell food as our main product, the biggest issue that we always had was like, it's either a five star review or a one star review, like you either love the taste or you hate the taste. So now we spend majority of our time on reformulating, and we do focus groups with about 40 to 50,000 people per product to get the flavor right. We don't care about anything else that kind of happens, and that's really been our winning factor. We also did our first like capital raise this past year, which we just closed in December. So we raised 15 million at a valuation that was probably about 40% higher than what we should have been. So went very well, and we're looking to deploy that this year and a lot of our new activities. What went wrong? I would say our biggest thing was hiring, but it was a good wrong. Late in 2024 we decided to get rid of all of our like offshore teams that are in Southeast Asia, mainly just because we found out that a lot of our team that was in the US was working on managing them instead of actually growing the business. So we implemented a new strategy. We still do have an offshore team. They're entirely in Buenos Aires, but our lowest paid person there makes about 70,000 USD a year, and it has taken so much off of all of our plates, just hiring competent people that can get things done, which like, it's been amazing. The biggest thing that we messed up on, though, is we did not hire enough people after we got rid of all of our offshore teams. And really, we kind of figured out that we need to hire about six to eight months before we actually need that person, because by the time we need them, we don't have time to get into the weeds to get them up to speed. So that's what we're really focusing on. Now, the other big thing that we had was a lot of operational performance issues. We scaled a lot last year, and we have a very complex supply chain. Like, I would say it's probably more complex than anyone I've ever talked to so like, we manufacture and Africa, South America, Europe, China, Pakistan, it pretty much everywhere. The main issue that we have is we have a patented sweetener that we use that is from a company in Israel. Israel will not ship to Muslim countries, so we actually have to have someone on our team fly to Israel and pick it up and fly to whatever country to deliver the product, because it has been such a pain in the ass. So it's been a lot, and we thought we had things down, but we just couldn't keep up with it. So we've kind of consolidated things. Of all places, we're going to be manufacturing 90% of our products in Algeria this year, we found a factory that has the Ferrero Rocher licensing for all of Africa, and they're the largest chocolate manufacturer in Africa. But because it's in Algeria, and Algeria is like a closed down country, it was very hard to get into. We actually had to bribe an official in DC to give us visas to go there. But now that it's up and going like it's great, and it's actually reduced our costs by about 65% because labor is just so cheap there. So our annual goals, we actually underperformed on E comm this year by quite a bit. We were down about 30% from what we originally forecasted, but a lot of that has to do with one our operational piece. We weren't getting inventory in quick enough, and we expanded our retail a lot last year, and we weren't cutting new retailers. We were cutting Amazon and other ecom channels, so probably only about 10 to 15% of that was actually due to underperforming search volume in our category decreased last year pretty significantly. We kind of rode the keto diet craze because we were super low sugar, and that has fizzled out here in the last like 16 months. So we went through a whole rebranding this year, and we're rebranding all the products. Actually next month, everything will be brand new, packaging brand new, like benefits and features. So hopefully that will help us overcome that. The other big thing, which we don't have a good gage on is pretty much at this point, now, someone can go and buy our product at any retailer near their house. How much of our Amazon sales are we going to lose on an ongoing basis? Because the access is so much easier now, and we haven't figured out a great way to calculate that, but yeah, we're going to have to try and figure that out. The activity that moved the needle the most for us, and you might have heard me talk about this before. We've been doing it for two years, and it's been probably our biggest mover on volume is mass content creation. It's gotten extremely easy with AI and we're creating, we have like, 7000 Tiktok accounts that we run right now. None of them are tied to our brand. We're just throwing up, like, healthy diet stuff, fitness routines, different stupid things, and AI is generating all of it. It takes two people to manage all of those accounts. The biggest thing that we've seen from it is in the last two years, our brand search volume on Google and Amazon has gone up about a million and a half searches a month. So it's it's driving a ton. It's very hard to calculate exactly what it's doing. But when we pause the network and we aren't posting videos, we see sales drop about 10 to 15% but yeah, super easy to integrate. Like, I can send you guys over how we're doing it, I highly recommend everyone just get on it. And it doesn't matter if the content is awful, like people, yeah, people just watch it. We're posting on YouTube shorts now. We're posting it on Reddit. We're posting it on meta. We're worth sending it everywhere.

Speaker  734586:40
Yeah, love to see how you've got that set up. Yeah, no problem. And then

Speaker  736736:00
our wasted effort was actually increasing meta ad spend. So we increased meta a ton last year, just trying to grow the business. What we found out is we can be a lot more cost effective just mass producing more content and using that money to do that, because it's it's free. Once it's out there, we're averaging like 12 to 1500 views per video. We'll have maybe five videos a month that take off and do over a million views. And literally, it's costing us maybe $2,500 a month to do all of that. So it's, yeah, it's a big difference. So we're putting a lot more of our ad spend now into trial, because where we are like our big thing is we are replenishable. If you buy our product, you probably will come back and buy it again within three to four weeks if you like the product. So sampling has become our biggest like marketing driver. We're just giving away product to get it in hands. And we have about a 32% repeat purchase rate on our sampling. So that's where we're going to really dump a lot of our marketing budget this year.

Speaker  754640:00
Where do you give us the samples out at?

Speaker  755360:00
So we're we're running them on Amazon and through like meta ads to a direct landing page. But on Amazon, we're doing a sampler pack that has like, one of each of our products in it, and we put it for 799 but then we run meta ads to it with a coupon code, and they basically get it for free. So like a

Speaker  761589:20
lot of those brands that are like, just pay shipping and you can have this, that's yeah, model, yeah.

Speaker  762789:20
I mean, and we even aren't even, like, making them pay shipping anymore, because we've proven out that the model works. So we're just doing it that way. The lifetime value is enough. Yeah. The other thing that we're doing, which we just now started, is we're buying big marketing lists from, like, these big firms that do sampling, and we're just direct mailing a little package with like, four of our products in it to people to see what happens.

Speaker  769296:00
Oh, that's interesting.

Speaker  770096:00
Yeah, sorry. Can I ask you about that? So you create a sampling pad on Amazon, and then you said you ran a meta ad that included a coupon code so they basically free.

Speaker  773264:00
They have to pay, like, a penny, basically, okay, cool, just

Speaker  774117:20
because you have to have a transaction,

Speaker  775045:20
yeah, you just need how many repeats

Speaker  775925:20
order is one repeat order and you're back to profitability. You lose the shipping, you lose the cost,

Speaker  778821:20
yeah, I mean one, one repeat order, we're profitable. So, like we're, our average selling price is like 1799 our call landed cogs on that as $1.10 on most items or less. So we're, we're super profitable on Amazon retails, where our profit takes a hit, right?

Speaker  783738:40
Because you're selling sale plus discounts and all that other crap.

Speaker  784607:59
Yeah, whichever ones are you sure?

Speaker  786304:00
Aren't you selling waffles? Man,

Speaker  787024:00
yeah, we sell we sell waffles. We sell wafers. We sell like Kinder Bueno knockoffs. We just launched a Dubai chocolate bar today we sell Milano cookie knockoffs, Nutella biscuit knockoff basically, we're knocking off all the best selling snacks with just like, one gram of sugar. Yeah, it's

Speaker  792101:20
cheaper. That's

Speaker  792373:20
cool. Yeah, the brand's rip Ben.

Speaker  795125:20
Try to make Costco, and I love them. Yeah, the wafers, that's awesome. Yeah, Costco has

Speaker  799226:40
probably been a big driver for us too. We've, we've been in Costco for like two and a half years now. And what is this? 2026 and 2023 Amazon was like 80% of our business. Just this last year, it was about 35% of our business, and about 40% was Costco. Yeah, Costco has been massive.

Speaker  805376:00
That's really cool. Yeah, I found them at Costco, and then they didn't have them for a while, so then I'm like, oh, go order them on Amazon.

Speaker  807621:20
Yeah, it works. You make as much on Costco as Amazon.

Speaker  809013:19
We make about the same. So that's the best thing about working with Costco, is they're actually very manufacturer friendly. We make about 18% net at Costco.

Speaker  812682:40
Make their money on membership. So, yeah, they just, like, a good deal, yeah.

Speaker  813962:40
So, like, when they run their numbers, they're making maybe 20 to 30 cents per item of ours that they sell on the actual sale. Like, that's all they care about. Yeah, yep, our greatest like opportunities for this coming year mentioned them earlier. We got target nationwide. It took forever to get we've been working on that for like, three years, and then, strangely, as soon as Kroger and Walmart found out that that happened, they both took us nationwide with the exact same products. So a good outcome. We're a bit bit weary, because obviously, like our profitability last year sank, because we dumped about 24 million into inventory in December. But hopefully we can get through it. We're just very worried about messing up one of the retailers and losing it, because we did. Used to be in Walmart nationwide, back in like it was right before covid. It's like 2020 and then it didn't perform during covid, and they dropped us. So it'll be interesting to see what happens. Our greatest challenges, again, inventory management, luckily now, with the factory that we have in Algeria, we financed a build out of basically a new wing for them to only manufacture our products. So fingers crossed, we can keep up with that. The other bigger thing is just operationally, it is very hard to get things out of Algeria to the US. Unfortunately, right now, we have to ship it to Spain, and then we import it into Spain, and then it leaves from Spain to the US as a Spanish export. So hopefully that continues to work. Our number one goal is really maintaining our 90% in stock rate. Last year, we dipped down into like the mid 70s, just with a lot of the things that we had, and definitely hurt our growth overall. I think biggest thing I learned in 2025 I think similar to what a lot of people have said, I I like to just do things myself. Like, if I can do it in 10 minutes, and take some of my team an hour to do it, I would rather just do it. I really let go last year, and I Ben, I may be working like four to five hours a week in the business at this point, and it has been a complete game changer, because I'm only focusing on really our new products. And it's just it's changed my outlook on the business, like I was pretty done with everything, and now I'm happy, as can be in building side projects in my garage, which is great.

Speaker  855429:20
Is there a tool or a book or something process that let you just hand it off and be okay with that?

Speaker  857237:20
It exploded in my face, basically, is what happened. And yeah, I think that the biggest thing was actually hiring competent people. Like, I can tell someone to do something and just be like, Hey, this isn't selling. Figure it out and make it work. Like when we had our team in the Philippines and Pakistan, like, I would have to give them detailed instructions on how to make that work. Now I just check back in 3040, days later, I'm like, Hey, what did we do? How's it doing? And, yeah, it's been great. My main person that's actually handling a lot of that we there. He's like, our Chief of Staff, but we found him in Argentina. He was the CEO of PepsiCo Latin America, and we pay him like, 80,000 year like, I cannot say enough good things about our talent in Argentina, it has been amazing and super easy to find people I know. Like, Mateo's wife does, like, head hunting in Argentina. We've used her before, and, like, I've never heard anyone be disappointed with people in Argentina. Wow, yeah.

Speaker  873029:20
How big is your team in general? Like, sounds like Argentina, and then us?

Speaker  874037:20
Yeah, it's, it's about 72 people in the US and 35 in Argentina got it. Yeah, majority of the people in the US are actually sales team. So it's our sales and sales, yeah, and that's our biggest

Speaker  878410:40
like, those manufacturers reps, or, like, your own reps, our

Speaker  879322:40
own reps, because, like, we found out, like, we worked with a lot of brokers originally, like, the brokers originally, like, the brokers really don't give a shit about you, like, they're not going to make sure the product succeeds. We have, like, our in stock team, which is like going around, like HEB. We have one team of three people just for HEB. One person just drives around from heb to HEB, merchandising the product, talking to the people that work at the store. Like, a lot of just things that you can hire agencies or brokers to do, but we wanted the direct connection, and we thought we could do it better. And same with, like, the sampling we were talking about, like, they have a backpack on when they go in the store. They've got a bunch of our products, and they're just passing them out to people in the store. So, like, it costs a lot, and it's a lot of our, like, higher paid workforce, but I would say it's, it's definitely worth it.

Speaker  893418:40
How big was your Asia team that you were able to replace with the 30 ish Argentina and Argentina?

Speaker  895370:40
So I would say it's hard to put a direct number on that, because majority of our overseas team were just like task monkeys, and because we had, like, we had 42 people overseas originally, who, like in Southeast Asia, we obviously have none now, the same team In Argentina is four people that's handling all of that. Oh, good grief, yeah. And so, like, it went so well, we've expanded everything, like our CFOs in Argentina now, our head of operations is in Argentina. Our, like, product quality assurance team is all in Argentina. Like, yeah, it's just kind of exploded because of how good the talent has been. Yeah, our number one goal for this year is expanding our influencer team. So right now we've got two people that are all day long. All they're doing is interacting with people on social channels and getting people to promote our product. We're hoping to have that team to 10 people by the end of this quarter, because that's where we're getting the biggest bang for our buck. I think part of it is using them to seal the deal. So, like, the mass content creation works, but people can tell it's AI, like, whatever it's connecting with the influencers that hit those demos. And then, hey, they may see 20 of our shitty videos, but then they see the one influencer that they know promote the product, and that kicks it over. So that's what we're really focusing on, and negotiating deeper, longer term partnerships. Because even, like Target, we just had a meeting with them on Tuesday, and they wanted to deep refund our entire Tiktok plan for our target launch. And basically they said, if you aren't doing Tiktok like they don't even want to talk to you right now, to bring new products in. So definitely a big thing that we want to work on. Our biggest needed support for 2026 is hiring. So yeah, a lot of hiring, just continuing to expand the team. Luckily, with the raise that we did, it's going to allow us to expand the team here quite a bit. We've got about 42 hires in the next three months that we want to get closed, and we don't expect any of those people until about October and November of this coming year. So just getting ahead of that and seeing where we can get things and then what I'll do differently in 2026 is honestly be even less involved in the business, like we really want to get the business this year to a point where we're not actually operating in the day to day whatsoever, and just hand it off to a real like executive management team to really run things. We tried to do that, like three years ago, and it Utah really failed, but I think we're in a lot better position this year our KPI, or financial KPIs, I did 2025 and our 2026 goals, not 2024 2025 but we finished 2024 at 107 million in sales gross on that was 25 million. Net profit was 8 million. Net would have been about 23 million if it wasn't for the inventory output that we did in the end of q4 so not overly concerned about that. And then overall, we spent about $10 million on ads last year, and that was less than we've actually spent in the last four years as a percentage of sales. I think a lot of that is from the like mass content creation that we're doing. It's really allowed us to decrease ad spend across the board. And then we have 56 active skews at the end of 2025 the average selling price was about 1798. Our return rate was 0.1% because you can't return food on Amazon. Our 2026, goal is about 167 million. A lot of that is coming from Costco expansion and target and Kroger. Hopefully Amazon will only be again about like 20% of that. So going down about another 10% of our overall revenue, like our biggest thing is get off of Amazon as much as possible. We're looking at a net profit this next year at around 13 point 5 million. And that is like a true number based on just inventory outlays and a lot of the trade spend and slotting fees that we have to do for retail. But we're hoping, like if we make this year count and really blow out these retailers, we can pull a lot of that back in 2027 active skews for this year, we have about 80 in pipeline. And when I say 80, it's not actually 80, like I said earlier, we're only launching about two new SKUs a quarter. What's interesting about our business is it's split into four segments. So we have our E com, we have our retail your like, grocery stores, Costco, we have c store, so like seven elevens, things like that. And then we also have food service. So we're in a lot of, like, stadium, sporting events, things like that. Each of them takes a different pack size, which we count as a separate skew. So same product just different pack configurations. And C store is actually our most profitable overall, because, like, we sell a 12 pack on Amazon for 1799 a single like candy bar of ours, and C stores like 275 so hopefully we can expand that a bit more, but it's a lot harder because they're all independently owned, pretty much. So it's pain in the ass.

Speaker  993024:00
Do they work through, like brokers or consolidating buying groups or something

Speaker  993872:00
they do. But what we've come to find, and I mean, it's something that, like, people make a joke about, they're all owned by like, little Indian conglomerates of like, families that have come here in the last 30 years, and you've got to get in good with each of the families. Luckily, my business partner is half Indian, so he can speak Hindi, and that has definitely helped a ton. But yeah, like, I mean, there's Houston is does amazing for us in C store, but, like, there's three families that own all of the gas stations, pretty much in Houston. Two of them are brothers that absolutely hate each other. So if your products in one of the stores, it won't be in the other store. And it's just like, it's annoying, but yeah, that that's fun. I don't deal with that part of the business much, really. I run right now, like, my day to day is our performance marketing and really, like digital strategy as a whole.

Speaker  1008538:40
I had a question about that with with being in retail, are you? It sounds like you have different pack sizes, but we deal a lot with Buy Box suppressions, because even if it's not the same thing, they're, you know, looking at price per ounce, things like that, just wondering what you do there, or if you're dealing with that issue.

Speaker  1013941:20
So Amazon is our cheapest channel by far, so we price everything accordingly. Our biggest issue is actually Whole Foods. Whole Foods is our second biggest retailer right now, and with Whole Foods Prime Now, they go on sale quite frequently, and sometimes they undercut that price, and then we lose the buy box on our main like 12 pack.

Speaker  1019322:40
When Buy Box to an Amazon owned company, well,

Speaker  1020122:40
and they aren't even selling, they're selling a four pack for, like, typical price of our four pack at Whole Foods is like 599 they'll drop it down to, like, $3 sometimes. And like, it's nothing we planned. It's just random. And then we'll lose the buy box, because Amazon says we should be $12 because a single unit is like $1 each.

Speaker  1025600:00
Yeah, that's been our biggest issue, and Walmart's been our the biggest one that it'll be like a random zip code, a local store that is putting up the price, and Amazon, and it's really tricky to get Walmart because they can't even see it. We have to give them a zip code and tell them to go look for it. They say they can't even see it. And so it's been a huge battle for us,

Speaker  1032197:20
so that that is something they're deeply working on. So we're, we're involved with a couple of the like senior strategy teams at Amazon on things like this. There will be a new pricing function that comes out this year where they will tell you where they're price matching it to because, like, we told them, our biggest issue is, like, you say we should sell for $12 I have no idea where the hell you're getting that $12 price from. Like, I would go fix it instantly, if you could just tell me where it is. Yeah. So they are working on that, and then they're they're working really big on the return issues. I know there's been some changes that have come through, but like the biggest issue we have, and if anyone sells supplements or we also sell pet food now as well, you can't return any of those items. But people have learned that you can't return them. So they open up tickets and say that the product was expired or moldy or things like that, and then our listings go down, when, in reality, all they want to do is return the product. So there will be a new process that comes out next quarter about returns, and it should drop everyone's return rate about 50 to 60% that'd be great, like using and then return it. You won't be able to do that anymore. Able to do that anymore.

Speaker  1051674:40
Yeah, and now people use, there's this flood of these people with these you can tell AI is generating with exactly the words that Amazon wants, where it's defective, it's dangerous, it's

Speaker  1054346:40
so they're making the basically, what they have in the works is you have to have the Amazon App to return a product now, and you have to take a 3d scan of the product before your return is verified. So like, if they claim that it's moldy, they actually have to prove that it's moldy. For like, our products,

Speaker  1059136:00
interesting one that we get a lot is that the product is like the most oppressor listening to investigate the product because people are complaining that it's expired, but it's not an expiration date of product. It has a batch code, and I'm using that, but it doesn't expire, or that's just their excuse, because they want to return. But we'll use every Yeah, that one's been a nightmare for us is key points that our problems expired, and it's not, we'll

Speaker  1066277:20
see everything marked as defective, and it's like it's like, it's not expected at all. That's just, that's the first one they

Speaker  1067754:40
go to, yeah. Does the batch code have a date on it?

Speaker  1068650:40
It doesn't have a date. I mean, it has numbers and letters, yeah. It doesn't even look like an expiration code.

Speaker  1070170:40
But does it say like, batch number or lot number before it?

Speaker  1071594:40
I'll have to double check. I think it says lot, but

Speaker  1072416:00
okay, because we we had the same issue on so we sell fertilizers now too, and they technically don't expire. We had the exact same issue. And what we did is we put lot number, and we said, this is not an expiration date below the lot number, and that instantly solved the issue.

Speaker  1077328:00
Okay, I like that idea. Yep,

Speaker  1078421:20
yeah, oh, other big thing for us is Thrive Market. If you guys have any items that you could possibly sell on thrive, thrive has been insane for us this past year. I have no idea why it was maybe like 200,000 a year in revenue up until like February of last year, and it's been doing about a million a month since then. And it came out of nowhere. We have no idea why. When we don't spend anything on ads, we don't do anything do

Speaker  1089824:00
so, so interesting. I wonder how they're finding that, if it's like your social or

Speaker  1091328:00
so, what we think it is is thrive is very locked down on products, like they're very selective of who they let in. So if you do search for something. There's only one or two options, so it's just very limited supply. Yeah, I think the other big thing that we realized this year, and it's kind of why we went into food, why we went into pet, why we're going into fertilizers, we stay out of categories where we compete with Chinese. And now, like I was telling Ben earlier, we've realized launching is just it's a money issue. So since we're only launching to a quarter, I can spend $150,000 a month on ads on that product. I'm going to win, because no one else is spending that kind of money. And then we pull everything back. So a lot of like the growing pains that we had years past. They've all been solved by just throwing ad spend at it. And yeah, we last year is the first year every single product we launched was successful, and that's impressive.

Speaker  1107424:00
Yeah, 150 a month. Is that across all channels, or is that just on Amazon, straight

Speaker  1108832:00
on Amazon? So we launch every single product on Amazon. This has been our strategy from day one. So what we do is we launch the product on Amazon. We only launch products where we know we can become the best seller in that sub category, and we become the best seller within four to six months, and then we instantly go to all the retail buyers and say, You have our competitors. We're the best sellers, like you could have us on your shelf. So you

Speaker  1114677:20
establish credibility there, and then leverage the credibility for scale.

Speaker  1115786:40
Yep, exactly. And so now, like, it's a very simple formula of like, Hey, this is how many sales you need per month. If I was only spending on ads. This is how much I would have to spend. If the numbers make sense, we do it, because once you're the best seller and ranking, like, in the first three to four months, we basically pull that ad spend back to like five, $6,000 a month on that product, and it just continues on.

Speaker  1121696:00
Have any issues spending that much right right away, those products, as long as you're getting

Speaker  1123088:00
doesn't drop you down. If you when you do that, they want their crack.

Speaker  1123984:00
No, we don't have any issues. I mean, we're in a wide category, so we can go super broad with like grocery terms and competitor targeting. We do spend a ton on DSP as well, and DSP really has no limit. Other quick note on DSP, if no one's running DSP, check your Amazon ad accounts today, they just gave all three of our seller accounts access to DSP directly, and that just happened this morning, because if you're running DSP and you can manage it yourself, it is our best performing ad type, they have a new metric called Performance plus. That is similar to how meta is like. Ai figures out what people want to buy. You literally do not have to do anything. You give it a target, CPA, and it just runs. And we've been running it for like seven months on our main brand, spending about a half a million a month, and it's returning 7x Yeah. What was that type called? It's called Performance plus, and they have three versions. There's Performance plus acquisition retargeting. And then there's a third one that I forget, but you can mess around with them, and if you have access to it directly, you can spend like $10 a day on it and just test it. It's really interesting. I hated DSP until they released that, like we never were able to prove performance, but now it's a black box, and Amazon has so much data, like they know what people are going to buy. Yeah, we also do do a lot of meta. Still, the biggest learnings we had on meta last year is we no longer run any of our meta ads from our Facebook page, so we created a bunch of fake Facebook page, like keto diet genius, like, just stupid shit, and we run all the ads from that so, like, moms is a big target of ours. So we have hundreds and hundreds of mom pages that we've created that go into every little niche, and then we run ads very specific to that niche from that page. We have no content on any of those pages. It's just the main image in a page name, and for whatever reason, it converts two to three times better than running it from our own page.

Speaker  1159973:20
Interesting, yeah.

Speaker  1160885:20
So what was the of the three DSP types of the three performance plus, which was the one you'd like?

Speaker  1162341:20
Target? We like to do acquisition. I mean, it truly depends on if your product is like a repeat purchase. But the acquisition one, it guarantees that it's only serving the people who have never seen your product in search or interacted with your brand in any way. So no matter what, it's 100% new customer that's coming through. The other two are a bit blended, so that that works well. Also, if you aren't using Amazon Marketing Cloud to do your bid modifications like that's been a huge game changer for us this year. Yeah,

Speaker  1174933:20
do you do any like DTC, your own website, or is it

Speaker  1175861:20
all we do? Yeah, we do

Speaker  1176661:20
about five to 6 million a year on our website. Yeah, we, I would say we don't promote that as much on anything. It's mainly to Amazon or other like marketplaces that we're pushing ads to. I think we're, we're at a point where we're a commodity item, even though I feel like we're selling well, like when it come Oreo does, like what we do in a year and, like, a month, like, we're still pretty much unknown to anyone in the grocery space, so there's not that brand recognition that really drives conversion on the website.

Speaker  1186800:00
I see, okay, yeah,

Speaker  1187776:00
that's the goal, right? Become an Oreo.

Speaker  1188688:00
Yeah, we actually, we got sued by Oreo a year and a half ago, and then we got an offer for a buyout from them four months ago.

Speaker  1191221:20
That's how you know you're doing something right, exactly.

Speaker  1192965:20
I think that's the other big thing that changed my mind is like when we were going through this raise, like we were ready to sell the company once we were worth like, four to 500 million, which we're at that point right now. And all the bankers that we talked to is like, get the business to 400 million in revenue, and then you can sell it for like, 1.8 to 2 billion.

Speaker  1199242:40
Yeah, cool, man, you'll be the first billionaire MDS guy walked it. You'll be the billionaire club.

Speaker  1201424:00
I won't be. Yeah, you won't be. I won't be.

Speaker  1202336:00
Oh, someone else is. There's a couple others, okay, I don't

Speaker  1203600:00
know if they were fully on, like Amazon money wise, but yeah, but yeah, no, I have two other partners, so even if we sold it that I wouldn't be over that mark. Need my real estate to kick in a bit more your whole

Speaker  1208053:20
Yeah, that's cool, man. That's good having you. Thanks for sharing all that. Yeah, thank you very valuable. Do you have any you probably don't need any help with anything, right? Like, you probably like, oh, how do I solve this? You pretty much got a lot, a lot of it figured out.

Speaker  1212586:40
I mean, I think the good thing about where I'm at in the business right now is I truly don't know what our problems are anymore, yeah, like, I know what my, like, personal problems are, and it's just like, we need more designers. Would be more creative, but strategy now, yeah, but outside of that, like, I can't tell you what has been an issue in the business in the last six months, which is, it's great, it's amazing feeling.

Speaker  1219184:00
I got him a ski ticket to go skiing. That's really, that's his problem.

Speaker  1220111:59
Well, if you could go back to, like, the early days, you know, because I'm doing what you do in a day. But so let's say I, I'm only running a $5 million business myself, and, you know, a couple VAs like, is there, is there something you'd like say, Okay, this is from what you learn, what would be like? The key advice there, like, and, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm still doing the full work weeks and stuff. I mean, do I see to let more go or,

Speaker  1228810:40
yeah, I mean,

Speaker  1229306:40
section, you know, because I'm not, I don't have a huge amount of buffer there.

Speaker  1230474:40
Yeah, I think for me, like, in order to get that buffer, we moved to Europe for a few years, and that really slowed down my life, which was nice, and kind of got me in that mindset of, like, you don't need to work 24/7, but if I could go back and do it again, the biggest thing I would have done is, when I had the money, I would have hired competent people. Like, hands down, we would be double the size we are now. If we would have just hired competent people from the get go. And I mean, even to this day, like none of us pay ourselves anything like our best employees make more money than we pay ourselves. We take enough out to live on. The goal is the annual sale, but find the people that are worth it and pay them, because our what I've learned is like, I've never held a normal job. I've always done Amazon and products from like 2010 on. So bringing in just a different way of thinking and hiring people that come from these corporate positions and different things like, they approach things so much differently than I do, and it's really opened my eyes to a lot more things, and probably would have saved us from a lot of the issues that we did have. I think the other big thing that we got stuck on, too is we had like, three or four hero products back in, like, 2018 and we got too comfortable, and we stopped launching products for like, two years. We only launched maybe one or two products. I would go back to launching a bit more and like it. It's fun. We're doing it like my wife just launched a pet brand. I'm making fertilizers in my garage right now, like I'm back doing that fun stuff again that I loved. I'm probably on a list somewhere because I bought like, two tons of fertilizer and had it delivered to my house. But it's fun and like, strategy behind that is we're finding arbitrages. I'm a big believer anything on Amazon right now that you don't have a patent on or isn't unique. You need to find an arbitrage and it's got to be either your cost of the product, your fulfillment. I mean, those are really the two main ones that you can get away with. And if you can find those, you do it. So like in pet we found the dog category on Amazon is like, I think it's like 1.8 billion a year. The cat category is like 150 million, because no one makes products for cats. So we just started making products for cats, and then like fertilizers, similar. This is what I did originally, when I started on Amazon. We're doing liquid fertilizers. But instead of doing like one general purpose liquid fertilizer, we're doing it's the exact same four ounce bottle, but one is labeled for snake plants. Ones labeled for hydrangeas. It's the exact same product. We're just bottling it 101 different ways. See, people do season needs. It's how we used to do supplements. Like we would launch a supplement and we'd have, like, a teen version and a men's version, a women's version, a senior version, but it was all the same product. Yeah, so we're just doing that again, and we're also doing it in categories where it's very hard for Chinese competitors to get into. So like fertilizers, you have to have a special license to sell and manufacture fertilizers that you have to register in every single state, and you have to have a US business to do that, so we know we'll never have any competition there. Pet is very similar on the like treat and supplement side. But what we've found is like 99% of people on Amazon are not following are not following those regulations. So we actually hired a lawyer that's going after pretty much everyone that's not following those regulations, and we're going to take them down.

Speaker  1288117:20
Hey, Ted, one thing I'll tell you that just a word of advice, if you're like Matt was talking about hiring competent people, if you stratify the levels of success into tears, I wouldn't hire more than two tiers up, meaning, if you're a $5 million business, don't go hire someone running $150 million business, because they're used to having these massive teams. So unless you have an incredible amount of capital to move there, they won't know what to do, yeah. Like, I'm a good example of that. Like, I run a team 150 we probably control over a billion dollars in annual healthcare spend. I can't run a small business. It's like, awkward for me. I don't know how to build the teams. It's so different. So, like, if you're a 5 million you probably want to go find someone that's in the 20 million range, like it's just out of reach and just out of your comfort zone, but they've probably spent some time building from, say, 10 up to 25 in there. So get in those tiers. Don't go above and beyond that. Otherwise, they're looking for someone else to do all the work for them.

Speaker  1305989:20
Yeah, and I would say to some of our best performing people right now. We have, we have an office in New York, and we have one in LA. We went to local universities and basically brought on, like, interns from the local universities. We pay them, I think we pay them, like 20 bucks an hour, but they're driven, and it's been amazing. We've actually hired probably half of them after they've graduated, because they've just been great assets. And a lot of it, too, is even hiring someone from a corporate position that has a lot of experience in different things. Sometimes you just need that outside of the box thinker. And if you can get these minds before they are like a one track kind of pony. It's a game changer because, like, we hired so we messed up three years ago. We tried to hire an executive team to run our company. We hired ex CEO of Mondelez, and then we hired two operations people from one from Campbell's and one from Tyson. They all basically failed because we didn't have a big enough team Exactly. Yeah, but that mess up costed us about 4 million because we had payouts that we had to give all of them to fire them. And it was awful. They hated it. We hated it from like three months in, and they just couldn't slow down enough to figure things out. I out,

Speaker  1329888:00
are your your other brands are using the same team? Are they totally different? How are you kind of dividing that

Speaker  1331424:00
all up? So great, great question. So my fertilizer that I'm making in my garage that's just like fun because I'm bored only doing like, four hours of my own business. Like I thoroughly enjoy doing this and seeing if I can get people to buy stupid things that I put on Amazon. So that's fun for me. My wife's pet company. We do have a team. We have actually seven interns right now, all from UCLA, and they've been awesome. Those ones, we only pay $15 an hour, and they get college credits for working for us. They each give us about 20 hours a week, and that's been amazing. We just launched that maybe five months ago, and it's on like a 300,000 a month run rate just with that team. And I'm barely helping. They're kind of just figuring it out. And then we do have some other like legacy brands that are from things that we started in, like 2014 15, that just kind of continue on. That team does help a little bit here and there across the board, but it's only for people, and it's really just Amazon focused. Got it okay?

Speaker  1348736:00
So kind of split out depending on the company, or,

Speaker  1349408:00
yeah, I think for me, the biggest thing is, the sooner you can get into retail too. It's like, just the awareness factor that it raises every time we add a new retailer, Amazon sales go up five to 10% within the next month. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And even Costco, like, if you have a if you have a good seller on Amazon, Costco will take it. Costco is the only retailer that we still use a broker with. We use a company called the bluebird group. They have been absolutely amazing. I think I've referred them to a few people as well, like Jason co I don't know if you guys know him. He's in Vegas, the only Ben, yeah, they use the same group, like there's four or five people that I've introduced to them that have gotten products into Costco, and Costco is a game changer, because You make great money. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  1365712:00
Cool man, thank you,

Speaker  1366741:20
Rory or Chris. You don't go or

Speaker  1367813:20
together, right?

Speaker  1368149:20
We have to, we have to follow Matt. That's not fair.

Speaker  1370053:20
I can have,

Speaker  1370885:20
I don't care, or whoever.

Speaker  1371802:40
Yeah, and I'm a little bit different space than all of you. I'm not a owner, founder. I work for a company we actually my dad started. Family Business was acquired in 2023 and I stayed on with the company to manage our 3p platform. So that's what I'm doing. I kind of brought up, like, biggest issues that we've had is Buy Box suppressions. Dealt with that a lot. So trying to figure out we've we've been able to, like, create different sizes, some products that work, some doesn't. Walmart's been our biggest issue, but we also Walmart retailer for us, and so it's like, try not to ruin that relationship, but also maintain Buy Box on Amazon, because we do make a lot of sales on on Amazon for those products. So we are, we are in pet supplies. We have about eight different brands, including the umbrella. So lot of that is in retail. The company that acquired has started in retail. Our business started on Amazon, and it's so it's kind of, it's a bowl, 3p 1p and a lot of retail, but yeah, but I work on the three piece side, doing our Amazon and then Tiktok job has been a big focus for me. That's that's been, it was kind of a slow start for us, but once we started increasing our samples, that really picked up for us. And the moment we've seen the momentum there, and then going to launch two new brands on that, starting this year. That's that's a big thing for us going forward, is like Tiktok, shop, social commerce, working with influencers, we could see the momentum. I want to keep doing that. So I'm very, very interested in your optimizing all your accounts and putting up that AI content? Let's see what so annual annual goals compared to how, how we did. I looked at mainly just like our Amazon numbers, but we were slightly under Goal, like about 5% under our targeted goal, but up year over year. So look pretty good. Some things didn't do as well, but others carried that. So I think we would have hit our goal if we hadn't had so many suppressions. That was a big, big issue for us, especially with one one product or one brand, I guess. And then um activities that move the needle. Um, one thing is, we're highly reliant on PPC, so trying to pull that back. That's another focus of why our focus is on, you know, social commerce, Tiktok, shop, outside traffic, is to kind of pull back on that, like, like you said, and focus and not be so reliant on that. And I don't Amazon. So my focus for this year, social commerce, commerce, building our DTC site, kind of pulling back that reliance on Amazon. And then what went wrong, what went right? Ben on the product, some launches went well. Some launches did not. I think part of that is category we're in and having the right claims. When we went into launch, we kind of optimized that, and updating our claims, updating our listings for that, and that's starting to help but making sure we have that ahead of time going into launch, making work more prepared, instead of just launching to launch. A lot of times we're trying to hit goals for retailers. It's like, oh, let's just get it up. And so trying to, like, plan our launches ahead instead of kind of reacting. And then biggest challenges, because we are a large company, I would say challenges is at least what my frustration is like being agile and making quick decisions and testing things where it's like, got it, run it by this team, run it by operation, run up by, you know, accounting and like before, we can make a decision and testing things. So that's been a challenge for us and for me, but my goal is to kind of build out systems, and we did a small test can prove that it works and build up from there. On, and

Speaker  1447109:20
then what will I do differently? Similar to you, even though I'm not, I'm not the owner, but I want to be able to delegate more and focus more on a growth role, you know, testing new things, testing different markets, channels, focusing on growth off of Amazon, and delegating more of the tasks. I've done a lot of that this year, but I want to do even more, step away. It's like, like you said, I know I could do this in 10 minutes or so, versus having to try and, like, explain it to someone, but, but really, just stepping away from all of that and focus more on growth. And another big thing is just build this for myself. Step away from from working for another company. That's my goal this year is, I know I have the knowledge and the skills and but, but putting in the time to build something for myself is another big goal I've got. So it's got ideas, but, yeah, just trying to make it work with with young kids, but Christine's done it with six. So I can make it I can make it work. So that's kind of what I've got. But I'm excited to be here and grateful I could be in room with you guys and learn time, and hopefully I can share, share what I know. But yeah, excited to be here.

Speaker  1468826:40
Do you ever need help on the DTC side? That's like an area I've spent a lot of time in. So happy to be a sounding board.

Speaker  1470794:40
Awesome. Yeah, I will reach out. Thank you.

Speaker  1471946:39
Well, you're still very confident.

Speaker  1472559:59
Mason, don't understand yourself. Rory, do you want to go and then Chris can take if he wants to go again? For you? Sure?

Speaker  1475680:00
Yeah, I think I was kind of saying, but what went right the last three years? I worked with another brand, like full time. I had a legacy brand. I had an agency, probably like 2017 to 2022 and then went in house to this other company, but they were primarily DTC. They did about 40, 50 million on like the DTC side. So it was fun. Got to build out like a team there and play with a lot of ad spend, like linear TV advertising. So learned a lot, and then I knew about, like, six months ago, I was not they were supposed to have an exit. They were not going to have it very soon. So started a new brand towards the end of last year, and then I have an old brand that's pretty niche, so I'll kind of talk about the old brand primarily, but yeah, I left the other company in December. So I've had been back on my own stuff for about a month. Month and a half, wasn't super involved in our old brand. I mean, I do a lot of strategy stuff, but I think that was like, what went right is like, just getting good people. We don't have a big team, it's a smaller brand. And yeah, we had a really good year. Was our best year in terms of revenue and profits, and it's the least involved I've ever been. So probably similar theme of what I'm hearing is just, yeah, hiring good people, and it's not a big, robust team. So we have good people who manage, like, the business that it is. What went wrong? I don't know it was all it was a really good year, but I'd say q4 storage fees were higher, but we also sold, like, a lot of volume in q4 I think we'll just try to optimize dripping in inventory a little bit more to be strategic, like October, we could have saved some storage fees. What do we learn? Yeah, I mean, we didn't launch any products last year. We did the end of the year before, so just really optimizing existing listings helped quite a bit in terms of gaining more revenue. And year over year, our market's kind of flat, so we were able to take a lot of market share. So I think just testing and optimizing things worked extremely well, and then just keeping the team focused on like specific projects that would like drive performance. So I think we got to a new stage where we were saying no to a lot of things that we could do, annual goals. Yeah, I'd say we were on track. The second half of the year was really good. The first half of the year, we're probably a little behind, so it ended up averaging out where we hit our targets. But the second half was really good, and we're still kind of carrying good momentum into January, things that move the needle. Just constant, honestly, running consistent deals, we found spiked our sales quite a bit, and, like, lowered our tacos. So we're spending less, probably as a whole. Just yeah, stronger coordination between, like, our supply chain head, our Amazon head, and our PPC team, and just, yeah, optimizing existing products, I wouldn't say anything was like wasted effort or ROI, so kind of skip that one. Then greatest opportunities, we should be able to double that old brand. It's at like, lower seven figures. So I think that's like a that would be a big goal for the existing brand, and then it's like, a very niche product. So the market ceilings probably, like a 10 million per year, maybe a little larger, but this new brand has much better opportunity. It's all like USA made, and so there's no tariffs, and the size of the market's, like, significantly bigger, and it's returning. It's a consumable product. So I'm very excited about that. That's like, where most my energy is, is going. And then, yeah, just building systems around it. It's a handmade product, so we're making it. And then the goal is to hire, we're hiring some local people to kind of help with that. So just doing that. That's, that's brand new for us. And then, yeah, the D to C I kind of mentioned the other brand. So we have a good Amazon team for existing team, but we don't really have a D to C pod, so I'll build that out. We launched there for the new brand. We haven't launched on Amazon quite yet, but just kind of established, good people who can drive that business unit for the for the year. Greatest challenges, yeah, this new brand, there's just, like, so much opportunity that it's like, sometimes a little just trying to stay focused on, like, which products will drive the most ROI and like, which channels are really focused on with our team, which is going to be Amazon and DTC, and then also just up leveling the team. There's, like, not a big team, but one person's definitely like, we've already outgrown her. And one thing I've been wanting to do is, like hiring locally, which we did when with our agency. But yeah, trying to, trying to focus on more, like local talent number one goal, yeah, honestly, just, just growing the new brand. It's got a huge market potential, and we've had kind of a softer launch on the DTC side, and it's already showing, like, really good traction. So just capitalizing on that and moving quickly, one important thing, yeah, learning in 2025 I'm a much better guide than like, a doer. So just, yeah, realizing more about like, my strengths and weaknesses. I'm like, I love being strategic, but getting bogged down in like, the minute details is not my strength. I like to be tactical, but I don't probably like to do so I think just kind of continuing to do that, I probably am doing too much in the new brand, and it's probably slowing us what we could be doing. And then yeah, I was just the least involved in our old brand. And it was, it did the best. So I think that's a common pattern I've noticed with myself. What is needed support? Yeah, hiring more people for the brand development, the new brand, in terms of, like, product development, and focusing on the core channels. We got into retail, like small mom and pops already. So I think that's also another channel, but don't have a ton of experience there, so probably kick the can a little bit, and then just systems. Since we're hand making product, we can replenish quickly, but I think we just got to develop better systems and, yeah, build something fundamentally so we can, we can scale quickly with like, a nimble, small team. And then what will I do differently in 2026 I think, yeah, just staying focused on, now that I'm back in my businesses, like full time, just being strategic and finding who, like people, who can really help us drive the businesses forward is kind of the main core outcome I've found. And then, yeah, year over year for the old brand, 2024 we did like 1.4 this year we did 2.8 so we doubled gross profit doubled last 2024 we broke even. And this year we did about 320,000 in net profit. So EBITDA was like 12 11% tacos, year over year, went from like 20% down to 14.5 so we hammered that down quite aggressively. Same number of SKUs. Average selling price was 52 bucks before it was 50 bucks this last year, partly on a new product we had launched towards the end of 2024, and then return rates went from 7% to eight. So that was the how's that?

Speaker  1592629:20
What Rory, what kind of niche Are you in? Or like,

Speaker  1593717:20
yeah, the existing brand is, like, outdoor space. We manufacture, like trucking polls. That's pretty much like all we do. So yeah, not great in terms of, like, recurring revenue or anything like that. It's big, bulky. So the new brand we launch is small, lightweight, consumable, very different, and all made here in the US. So we import from China right now on the other company,

Speaker  1600106:40
yeah, I used to do high controls too, um, but so you're, it's like, Is it food, or is it, you know, like, supplements, or,

Speaker  1602144:00
Oh, the new brand? No, it's skincare, like a natural skincare product line,

Speaker  1604144:00
cool, man, any, any thing you need advice on, or you're like, you like, maybe you're on a court that someone can help you with.

Speaker  1606933:20
Or, um, I mean, yeah, if anyone's handmade products or hired, like, local teams, that'd be great.

Speaker  1608997:20
But yeah, and I don't know if you're gonna get, well, there's some people there, but what was that in Montana, right? It's like,

Speaker  1611434:40
it's in Montana,

Speaker  1611882:40
yeah, getting people, I know they have a lot of chocolate factories there, but

Speaker  1612922:40
do they? I didn't even know that. I've only lived here for like, three years, so still, you wish, but, but, yeah, anything, I mean, the goal with the new brand is be like omni channel. So we launched on the Shopify. So I think I don't know, maybe strategic thinking we can do different sizes, which we're planning on doing for like Amazon, and so I know some conversations around that, but we'll focus, yeah, DTC, and that

Speaker  1619824:00
seems to work really well. What

Speaker  1620416:00
was that? Matt? Matt

Speaker  1620784:00
almans formula is it seems to work really well, especially when skincare probably do it if you, if you do it, right?

Speaker  1622405:20
So, yeah, yeah, totally,

Speaker  1623333:20
hey, sorry we, we disconnected and came back on. So we've missed, if you guys have mentioned anything towards us,

Speaker  1624821:20
No, it's okay. We're just, I think Rory just wrapped up.

Speaker  1625669:20
So nothing you need to hear. Ben, we're not going to repeat it.

Speaker  1627317:20
Were you talking about sampling of skincare?

Speaker  1628362:40
We were just talking about, yeah, I'll be doing like we're doing different sizes for different channels, but yeah, the sampling would be, would be great.

Speaker  1631050:40
So I would check out what a company called Three ships is doing. They're probably doing the best skincare sampling I've seen in the last like year went from zero to like 90 million in a year and a half from sampling. Wow.

Speaker  1634752:00
Okay. Three ships. Yeah. Three ships. Okay, cool. The word the

Speaker  1638181:20
where are you based? In Montana, Rory, I'm in Bozeman. You can go to MSU. There's got to be local talent.

Speaker  1640389:20
Yeah, I'm like couple blocks from from MSU, so I take that tip about UCLA intern. So yeah, trying to find some people. And I'm from LA, so maybe that's even a good hub.

Speaker  1643226:40
Look at some people from Montana State. Man, yeah,

Speaker  1644634:40
so you're one of those Bos Angeles people who moved in there, huh?

Speaker  1645594:40
Not linearly, but yeah, eventually I've been out of LA for like 10 years, but I was in like, the East Coast for I was in Boston for five or six years, and then came out after a year traveling, but nice, yeah,

Speaker  1649936:00
the other place, I would look, you have an awesome Air Force base there. There's a lot of highly educated wives of Air Force, people that do nothing. We actually used to use an army base, like four years ago that we had an employee next to and she ran a lot of our influencer stuff, and she was amazing at it.

Speaker  1655445:20
Oh, cool. Okay, sweet. Appreciate that.

Speaker  1657829:20
Cool. All right, great, great stuff. Man, I love this meme. Okay, Chris, you want to take you can come wherever you want. Sure.

Speaker  1660554:40
Okay, so for the past 12 months, my really nice picture that I see you cropped from somewhere, or maybe I sent it. I don't remember what went right over the past 12 months? Well, we diversified our clientele, so a little bit about our businesses were kind of a pseudo hybrid seller slash agencies, so we're similar to like a pattern. So we partner with brands and leverage our Amazon expertise for exclusive or semi exclusive arrangements to sell on Amazon. So we we work in the outdoor space. We work with outdoor brands. So as far as what went right this year, we diversified our brands, which kind of runs into what went wrong is our biggest anchor customer, decided to go 1p because the other side of their business was not doing very well, and so the camping side was kind of caught up as collateral damage. And so they went 1p with their brand, and it was worse than what we predicted, as far as price erosion and map non compliance. We still sell that brand, but it's never on price. So that went wrong, but kind of lit a fire under us to go find new brands to work with. And what went right is we were luckily able to replace most, if not all, of the revenue that we lost from our major partner brand, going Amazon, 1p and so what we learned is we just need to continue to have irons in the fire and constantly have a sales pipeline so that we can continue to find new brands to work with, because we're going to lose brands from time to time, whether it's our fault or not our fault. So as far as our annual goals went, we met our goals that we knew that we were going to take a hit due to losing that brand, but we replaced that revenue, and we actually were more profitable this year than last year. That was because we knew we were losing this brand, so we focused on cutting costs as well as finding new business, and we were able to save, I don't know, $150,000 on our shipping by switching over using Vico. They had even better rates than what we negotiated directly with ups and on top of that, all of our lost packages that we shipped FBM were covered by the losses by Amazon for us. So that saved us a ton of money as well

Speaker  1705669:20
when they honor them. Yeah, they keep denying mine. Stupid. Yeah.

Speaker  1706858:40
And that's, and you have your customers File A to Z, yeah,

Speaker  1708922:40
they just, I've had, like, well, it's not that many, maybe, like 10. So far, they won't, so I have to escalate it. But vehicle has poor support, so they don't. They're only, you know, get back to me so

Speaker  1712656:00
they're not very fast. But the one time we were denied, I went back to Vico, and Vico said, If Amazon denied it, then they would escalate it. And they did, and we got that case turned around. But we've only had one A to Z that was denied. The rest of them have all been Amazon funded. We just tell the customer to file a claim and yeah, file an A to Z, as long as it says, you just have to double check when you ship it to make sure that it's claims protected.

Speaker  1721701:20
And yeah, well, it's weird. Some of ours, they did not, they did not. They didn't put claims protected, even though we shipped it on time and it got there on time. They they said in the, I don't know if you ever have this, it said that we didn't think it would meet the SLA. So it's we're not going to protect it, but I'm like, we did. So they never gave us the badge, right?

Speaker  1727354:40
Or, yeah, you got to be careful, depending on what you choose, if you're using like your post or something like USPS, sometimes you won't get it. But if you use something like UPS ground select usually, which is what we do, it's like maybe 50 cents or a quarter more than the post office. It will usually give us that badge,

Speaker  1733392:00
personal rep that you use there, the vehicle

Speaker  1734773:20
guy, I'd have to look and see if I have a rep. But the contact, there's a guy in my MDS squad who, who knows one of the senior executives at Vico, if you're having problems, I can probably get in contact. I'll try one more time. Yeah. So the activities that move the needle for us were just cost cutting, so just looking internally at where we were wasting money to make sure that, because we knew we were again going to be down in revenue. So we just tried to focus on cutting a little bit of the fat, which we we found some especially on the shipping side. We got rid of a few software that we weren't using. We looked at our internally, at our healthcare costs and employee benefits, and we decided we found that we switched to employer what are they called? EOR, I think, like an employer record or whatever. So we consolidated with them, and so they saved us, like $30,000 on our employee health care, since I cover all the premiums for my employees. And so between saving that money, they do charge us more for HR support, but the savings for the healthcare covered all of the additional costs that come with the HR support. Yeah. And so we still saved like $15,000 off of our healthcare. And then we also it took HR off my plate as well. So that's something worth looking into. If you have a few employees and need to look at saving on benefits. They have their health care. We looked at a couple of them at ADP and trinet, and they both were massive savings for healthcare costs.

Speaker  1766901:20
Yes, Chris, how many team members do you have? A 1414, okay, like us that you were paying for insurance? Yeah?

Speaker  1769669:20
Okay, cool, yeah. I I cover. It's just personal thing for me. I want to make sure that my health care, that all my employees have health care, so I cover their premiums. It's not like a platinum plan or, you know, they get they have the option, I'll pay for a Silver plan 100% and if they want to upgrade it to a gold or a platinum, they can do that themselves, but they at least have fallback, high deductible insurance that that we cut, that I cover on their behalf. Okay, cool, but all of my employees are local to Salt Lake. I'm the only one. I'm the only outlier.

Speaker  1779696:00
Chris, are you like a direct plan? Are you doing like ichra or exchanges?

Speaker  1781440:00
I started on exchanges, and then I had a small business plan. And then when I switched to this, it's not an employer of record. What are they called? PEO. PEO, yes, thank you. Yeah. So we switched to a PEO, and then the PEO has a group plan, yeah, Master Plan, yep, yep. And so since, they do a master plan, they save us like a third of what we were normally paying. Think we were paying like $86,000 a year for health care, and they got it down to like 55,000 or something like that. Yeah, it was crazy. My neighbor across the streets a insurance broker, and so he helped me set it up. Yeah, I was surprised. And on top of that, we get all the HR support, and they take care of all the they take care of payroll and everything. On top of it, greatest opportunities, I still think it's Europe for us. I live over here. I think there's room for expansion, but it's just a difficult the rules are completely different over here, so navigating all the different compliance for the various countries, and managing the vats and all that are something we're still trying to figure out how we fit in. Our same model doesn't work in the US, as it does here in Europe, because it's hard to negotiate exclusivity on Amazon here in Europe, and there's you can't dictate map terms. Map is minimum advertised. Pricing is illegal in Europe, but there's plenty of brands in the US that want to expand to Europe, but they convincing them to put up enough money to launch brands in Europe is, I guess, the greatest challenge they want to they think they can trade on their brand name over here that they've established in the US. And it just doesn't work that way. The number one goal was just would be to find either another large client in the US or a large client to move forward with in Europe, which we have one maybe that we're talking with to expand to Europe. But we'll see how that goes. One thing I learned that was important in 2025 is not to focus on revenue, but to focus on profitability. So before I was chasing that number, as I go, hit seven figures. Oh, I want to hit eight figures. But there are a few years there where I would grow a couple million dollars and I would not grow in profitability. So in the last couple years, especially last year, honing in on internally and making sure that, you know, we're selling things profitably and doing things that make, you know, sense for us. You know, we don't the products that we sell. You know, Rory, we work with Lucky selling trekking poles, and we work with Jeff oil selling stoves and tents and all kinds of other things. So we're we don't have the benefit of having as many repeat purchases for a consumable item, so the lifetime value of our customers is tougher to gage. So we know we focus on every sale being profitable for us, but by focusing profitability, you know, we don't have to have as high revenue, and we can still make more money. The greatest challenge for us, though, is eroding margin from Amazon all the new fees typically brands just give us a set margin, and that doesn't change. And every year, Amazon finds a new way to cut that even narrower. So finding ways to be even more efficient is critical for us. What am I going to do differently in 2026 I think it's a similar message that everyone else has is try to find people to take things off my plate or my key members plates that can be done by maybe a lower level employee, so that they can focus on higher level things myself, or again, my key employees, so that they can do the things that they're good at and not have to worry about something else that can be done by more of an entry level person. Yeah, I think that's our next goal. Is to hire, you know, another person to do more the

Speaker  1852650:40
work your hiring

Speaker  1853402:39
together, it's like, but maybe you'll have to look to Argentina.

Speaker  1854394:40
I need but

Speaker  1855546:39
I've heard good things about Colombians to the Philippines. I we tried this year and failed miserably, but I have a couple of people I know who have hired people out of Colombia, and then Matt said people from Argentina, and said they were really happy with them. So maybe that's what we're looking at, and they're in the similar time zone. That was the other thing that was awkward from times, is working with Filipinos who are working midnight to 8am and it seemed to really start to affect them after a few months, at least. The the one that we hired did, yeah,

Speaker  1864629:20
cool. Are you? Are you? Do you have any more or you're done? Yeah?

Speaker  1866277:20
I mean, I mean year over year, I think we were down about a million bucks in revenue, but profitability was up a couple 100,000 higher.

Speaker  1868538:40
So, and you're doing mostly arbitrage right of key brands, you don't private label right?

Speaker  1870282:40
We don't private label at all. We're, we are we buy wholesale and and we sell

Speaker  1872346:40
Cool. Well, cool guys. I any any questions, Chris or Chris, if you have any questions for the group, I don't want to close you off, but I think we had a good meeting. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker  1876496:00
yeah, for me, so I'm good to close it out.

Speaker  1877264:00
I want to just let everyone know, please do the feedback. I know we went over, but you know, this is probably only be once a year, just because we did the planning. So it's our first time doing it, and our second in person. So next time, I'll make sure we plan enough time. One of the things if you Oh, sorry, did you want to take it? I got it. Okay. I'm doing an ecompreneur event in Salt Lake City, midville, February 25 it's a lunch. MDS is paying for it. It's at the show. I don't even know what place. What's it called? I think it's a anyways, I'll send it to the group, you guys. I asked MDs, and they said that anyone that's already a member can attend, if you guys want to, it's going to be and they're doing all the advertising. So I'm hosting Salt Lake City ones. And you know, people are actually flying in for it. And some guy, I think we got the jobs might come, and it's just a way to meet other Ecom people. And obviously MDS has an incentive to build their funnel, get people in the pipeline. So I'm doing that February 20 years. Want to come let me know. I'll send you the details. I think it's called bohemian brewery in midville, right off the freeway. It's like 1130 to 130 and it's just networking. And I'm going to do them every couple months for them. And then I still, once I get my properties completed in St George. We'll try to plan a retreat probably early summer or late or early fall, so we can all meet in person. Other than that, anyone else? Have anything else? Otherwise, we'll sign off and get get on our day Ted.

Speaker  1902826:40
That other that first QR code was the same as the one that you put here. I think that one's the same. It took me to your Ecom meetup page.

Speaker  1905696:00
Is this? This isn't, this isn't the feedback one.

Speaker  1906576:00
Let me see, maybe I got the wrong one. Nevermind, nevermind.

Speaker  1908256:00
Yeah, the local event this one. Okay, good. All right, cool guys. So don't forget, fill out your feedback, because they're really big on that, and Ben anything else.

Speaker  1911301:20
No, this is great. It's always good to get together like they you always wonder, like, Oh, we're gonna have enough to talk about. And then we go over time, every time we've done it, you know. And I think as we get more and more people like, we've got a lot of people still, still here that aren't here, and we still had a great meeting. So like, think what this is gonna be like when we can start getting in person, events, more more often, and stuff like that. It's gonna be fun to to grow it. So I would just say, reach out to everyone, you know, that's in our areas. Because we've had a couple of people move back into the area, or move into the area, let's reach out to them and get them to show up and join calls or events, so we can kind of keep the momentum going. I'm tired of hearing about the Las Vegas chapter.

Speaker  1922064:00
Well, no RCF. We want to keep keep it going. And it's cool Matt. Matt joined and and then we got a couple other people that came in. I think a lot of people are moving in the area, so we'll keep growing it. And thank you, Daniel, for letting us use your place. Thank you. Appreciate it. Okay, guys, so we'll see. We'll talk to you guys next month. Thanks, Matt, thanks for

Speaker  1927285:20
putting this on. Thanks.

Speaker  1929989:20
Yeah, oh my gosh, that was longer. Yeah, no, I'm like, just,

Speaker  1933642:40
just like the that's like, the good stuff, right there, good stuff. But like, he's like.
