Mogul Call with Alan Kishk
Date: January 08, 2026

Speaker  128:00
Right? Hey guys, welcome to the mobile call a couple of months ago, Maurice, who had introduced me to Alan, and I spoke to Alan, and I'm quite excited to introduce this call where we're going to practice some some communication and public speaking skills. I know Alan is an area that you've got a lot of experience in how do you know? How do you know Morris?

Speaker  7461:20
Thank you, Jamie. So Morris happens to be a friend of mine from his mother in law's my Kat was an old classmate of mine, so that's one connection. In another way that's very important is that I was running a Toastmasters meeting in my area, and we have about 15 to 20 people come on a regular basis. And I'm sure Mars heard that from the grapevine. He dropped in, he saw me speaking, and he said, you know, Alan, I think this would be a great exercise to run with the with MDS. And he persuaded me to push this forward. I do other things during the day besides practicing public speaking or teaching public speaking. I run a roofing company, and in my spare time, I also teach public speaking at high schools, private lessons with doctors, lawyers, students from the ages of 10 to 70 right now, and it's something I'm very passionate about, and I'm passionate about about it for a few reasons. Firstly, I've noticed through improving public speaking, I've been I've been a more effective person. I've accomplished more, but more than that. And I think that really gets to my heart is that when I share the skills of public speaking, that I've learned over the last 20 years with others, that they, too, have transformation in their life, where they've done things that they weren't able to do before. For instance, a 42 year old male lawyer joined Toastmasters about eight years ago, and he was rather shy, didn't speak up much, but through my mentoring and friendship with him, he developed the courage to speak out more, and just two years ago, he found his his mate. He got married. Now the starting family, another member was having a rough patch 10 years at a company with getting missed for promotions over and over, and after a year practicing public speaking, communication skills, he finally got that raise he deserves, and he goes on and on. I have 10 year old client who's extremely anxious, extremely intelligent, doesn't feel heard through learning communication skills has resolved a lot of the issues, and now he's a shining star in school, a lawyer, a doctor, and it's just wonderful for me to see everyone growing. And I hope to share with you what I've learned, and hopefully you'll take it to the next level. I'm sure you all are special and have wonderful traits and skills, and most of them far exceed mine. So I hope to learn from you as well.

Speaker  48896:00
That was great. I did, I think I did about a year's worth of Toastmasters at one point. It was good fun. I did the sort of basic course and went for it was good fun. And I've been running these calls for about, I think, about eight years or something now. So I thought I've never actually had any training for these kind of calls, so it'd be interesting to see, see what I could pick up.

Speaker  55269:20
Okay, I'm sure, I'm sure you're doing a great job. Okay, so Jamie, you have any other questions or directions before we go forward?

Speaker  57285:20
Just want to say, like anyone wants to turn your cameras on, we've got a sort of smaller group here, so would be great to see cameras on if you're somewhere that you can do that. All right, what did you want to start

Speaker  60698:40
off with? Alan, okay, so first of all, I wanted to say that this room is a safe room. There's no judging, there's no condemnation, there's no criticism. We're here to have fun. We're here to learn, and most importantly, we're here to practice. So with that said, before I even start, I'd like just open up the open up the floor to perhaps hear your feedback about why you're here and what you struggle with in terms of communications. And perhaps we can drive the next 50 minutes towards helping each of you grow to the grow in the area that you'd like to grow in. So since Lisa, you have your screen on, we'll start with you. Oh, man, that's a good start.

Speaker  73765:20
Oh, okay, when it comes to just communication, I guess, like, what am I struggling with? Yes,

Speaker  78714:40
I don't really know. Like, I would have to, like, I know there's something I'm not a perfect communicator. And I'm not saying that I am, but I guess, can someone else go first?

Speaker  82639:59
Definitely Mars,

Speaker  83519:59
I joined late. What was the question? I'm sorry,

Speaker  84352:00
what's one thing you'd like to get out of this next 15 minutes of this webinar?

Speaker  85717:20
I think as a, you know, leader or a manager, sometimes I might not be able to communicate properly, and it comes off more of more hurtful than what I'm then what I'm trying to actually, you know, help or solve whereas feedback isn't taken the proper way.

Speaker  91850:40
Possibly got that. Mars, I know you very well. I find that hard to believe, but okay, I hear you. Have it happened? We move quickly so that we can get through the introductory period and then move over to the educational portion.

Speaker  95690:40
June, I guess it would be similar to Mars, because people are in different spaces, and so you need to often communicate in a way that you understand what, where, what that other person's level of understanding is. And sometimes you can either overwhelm them over communicate, or sometimes they don't engage. And so this is like when you're leading a team and people are in different spaces, they may not speak up and engage in the same way that you would. Beautiful.

Speaker  104661:20
There are two great comments. So we have Mars talking about communicating properly, making sure he's heard understood, and it doesn't hurt, and June saying, because of the diversity of spaces that we're communicating through making sure that that she's understood and they hear what she has to say. Anyone else want to speak up? Yeah, I've got one. Okay, go Ryan. Thank you for your volunteering.

Speaker  111146:40
Yeah, so I think I tend to beat around the bush, and as I'm communicating, I'll try and feel out what the other person is wanting, and kind of like actively incorporate that into what I'm communicating. But I think it kind of makes my communication less clear and direct.

Speaker  117701:20
So yeah, I hear you, so you'd like to have a little bit more clarity and structure, but I have to say that beating around the bush at first in a conversation on one on one is okay. You have to feel you have to feel out where everyone is, where they are at and then deal with it accordingly. So it isn't necessarily a problem. It might even be a strength, as well as with you Mars, it's a strength for you as well that you care and you're concerned about how the people are going to take your message and junior awareness that everyone is in a different space. It's also a step in is the foundational steps in order to grow as a speaker? Anyone else like to contribute?

Speaker  128682:40
Yeah, sure. So I'd like to be able to present a bit more cleanly and crisply on calls like this. So when I listen to recordings, back at myself, I'm saying quite a lot of ums and ahs half finished sentences. I probably speak a bit too fast. So I'd like to speak more clearly on these calls, and then, yeah, I'd also like to be able to speak a bit more compassionately at home. So sometimes with my kids or with my wife, stuff, I say might sound a bit sharp, or come across a bit sharp, or be a bit sharp, and they can kind of cause some problems that aren't really necessary. So I like to be able to communicate a bit better at home as well.

Speaker  140218:40
Thank you very much for your contribution, Jamie, so what I hear is like, what I heard is like, is that you'd like to become an even clearer and more crisper communicator. When you watch yourself on these video recalls, you analyze yourself, perhaps you look you, perhaps you're saying, Oh, I could have improved in that particular area, and that you'd like to be a little bit more sensitive and caring when you speak to others, so that, again, like Mars said, that you didn't hurt anyone in their feelings. Yeah, that's right. Okay. So I have about 10 things I want to share with you. However, I don't want this to be like a lecture, so that I will share with you, let's say, the seven techniques that we should polish up on in public speaking and the three cardinal rules of public speaking. And the one major theme, what I like to do, and we need your cooperation, is to create more like in a gym environment like we go to the gym and we're going to stretch, we're going to lift weights, we're going to build up stamina, and we'll practice here. So I'll ask you some easy questions. I'd like you to respond to those questions and respond to the full audience with about 30 to 60 seconds. Then during your presentation, do 3060, seconds at the end, I'll give you some positive feedback. I'll accentuate the things that are positive, that are strong, that are lessons we should learn from and I'll point out something where perhaps you might be able to improve. So this way, you don't sprain your back or pull a muscle and set yourself back. How's that sound to everyone? That's good. Okay, great. So for those of you that are showing you video, in a regular audience, if we were doing this live, Jamie like if because you came to a toast masses and Mars between me, because you came to a toast masses, you would hear some audience participation in the form of claps. In zoom, I don't know if the technology of hearing all the claps simultaneously works, so what we can do is, instead of clapping altogether, we can raise our hands and do this. How's that sound? How's that sounds Oh,

Speaker  176288:00
this, that's the death clap, isn't it? Is

Speaker  176944:00
that what it is? Yeah, that's how death clap. Okay, got it, okay. Is that fine? Can we all practice once? Mars, come on, we gotta be little hokey over here. Thank you, Bella. Come on, everyone. Okay, great.

Speaker  181104:00
There's the React clap as well as the Yes.

Speaker  182661:20
Okay, great. So what's great about that is, when we're speaking to an audience, we read the audience, and it's important to read the audience, because you can direct yourself accordingly. And when the audience smiles, they're showing that they're paying attention with eye contact, it gives you the information that you know they're listening, and you can continue on that path when you start to see the phase out not pay attention, perhaps play with their phone or look somewhere else. It's a question say, are they paying attention? Are they not? Let me study a little bit more clearly. Perhaps it's an opportunity for me to change it up a little bit. So I'm heard, so maybe I'll throw in a rhetorical question, like, Lisa, can you hear me, right? So Lisa, give a hand. She gave me the thumbs up. Or has that ever happened to you? Right? Okay, so I have a bunch of questions. I printed them out over here, and I'm going to ask them randomly. Now, if you'd like to answer the question, raise your hand. I'll call on you. If we don't have everyone raising if we don't have anyone raising their hand, I'm going to make I'm going to volunteer someone. Do we have everyone's permission? Okay, if you do not want to be recorded and that's holding you back from practicing. Just say so and Jamie will pause the recording. Cool. Okay, so let's start with some who wants to volunteer first.

Speaker  206954:40
I'm happy to go first. Okay, Jamie.

Speaker  207978:39
Jamie, when we first started this call, you made a reference to your chart of December and your chart of January in terms of sales, and it's practically the charts indicating you practically didn't sell anything. That's right, right. Okay, so you're involved in, you're involved in the E sales also, that's right. Okay. So no, you're not just a volunteer or employee of MDS in organizing all this.

Speaker  215397:20
Yeah, I'm, yeah, I'm a member. So one of the first 100 members, back when it first began, before it was called MDs, okay?

Speaker  217429:20
And I think in our private conversations, you said there's four areas of communications that the members participate in. It's with, let's see. What if I can remember them with fellow employees, with the E commerce sites, with fellow members, and perhaps with employers. Yeah, okay, good. So, and I think you also said partners. So I'm gonna pitch this. I'm going to pitch this. I'm going to ask you this question. You have 60 seconds? I have a clock over here. If we go over 60 seconds, I'm going to raise my hand so that we know to stop, so we can give everyone an opportunity to speak, because that's what this is all about. Practice. It turned on my clock, my timer. Here we go, Jamie, if you had only 60 seconds to pitch a partner on a new business concept that you have, what would you say?

Speaker  233077:20
First thing I would start off is I would start by asking the potential partner a lot of questions about what kind of businesses they were interested in, what was their financial situation, and what was their attitude to risk. And once I had a good understanding of what their situations were, what their needs were, if I felt like it was a potentially a good balance. Attached next. I would move on, and I would find out how much they understood about the particular business. So for example, another business.

Speaker  242351:59
Let me interrupt you, just for a second. Very intelligent response. I asked you this question, and you came back to me with this strategy, right? Let me, let me just push this a little bit more forward. Forget explaining the strategy. Make believe I'm your partner. I have $10 million to invest. Pitch me on your newest idea and why I should invest with you.

Speaker  248965:20
Sure. So right now you're probably aware that most companies are moving away from long leases on offices. Right, right? You probably know accountants, lawyers that used to have, you know 510, year long leases in big apartment buildings that have now moved away from that. Also, you've probably seen that a lot of people now want to have somewhere to work just individually, because people are getting a bit tired of working from home, particularly in London, where people don't have a spare a spare room only, very rich people have spare rooms in London, so people tend to want somewhere to go and do their work, to go and do their freelance work. Is this something that you're aware of in a bit in a big city, the trend you're aware of? Yes. So what you have is two market forces at play, right? One is less demand for long leases on Office ready, and then two more demand from individuals, small groups, offices for flexible office space. So the business that I have is we have a franchise with Regis. Do you guys know Regis in the States? They have, like, lots of different companies, and so we have a franchise with Regis in London. We are the, we're currently the only franchisee that have opened up free centers in the whole of the UK. So we're the most successful franchisee, and what we're doing is we're looking for opportunities to

Speaker  273840:00
Okay, Jamie, we're at a million a minute 22 so I'm just going to pause you over here, because the question was, you only have 60 seconds. Now I'm not being tough and rude with you. I just want to hold us all to time, be timely, responsible, so that we could share the speaking opportunities with everyone else. Let me ask you a question. In what way do you think you could improve what you worked on? But first start with what do you think was your

Speaker  282341:20
strength? I was able to talk for the full minute. Did bring up some stuff that was relevant to why it's a good business opportunity. I did ask some questions to confirm that you were broadly on board. Awesome.

Speaker  286458:40
It's true. The fact that he took over a minute meant that he felt extremely comfortable with us. So that's a compliment to all of us. So, Jamie, thank you for that. I do see where the logic was going in terms of how you structured it, what the not just what the mouse trap is, but how big of the How big is the mouse right? How big is the threat of to the real estate industry that people want short term leases, and what Regis was going to do in terms of dealing with it, and that you had a franchise, so I saw where you were going with it, in what area do you think you could have improved? And the reason I'm asking is this, I want to get I want to get across to everyone, if I want you to know two things. One, public speaking, communication skills is something that you could continue to learn the rest of your life. It's not necessarily something that you're born with. It's something that you can improve. And two, after we speak, we can evaluate our performance, non critically, ask ourselves, what are our strengths, and looking for ways that we can improve. And this should be a exercise that we do every single time we finish speaking, and I do it as well. So Jamie, in what area do you think you could have improved your message?

Speaker  308928:00
I don't think that the central message of it was, what's in it for me, from from from your from your partner, from your perspective, it was a bit like me pitching and telling you, telling you about it,

Speaker  312357:20
right, right. Okay, that's good point about how you structured it.

Speaker  313429:19
Okay, I probably rushed into what I was going to say, rather than thinking about, how can I actually get this all in in a minute? Awesome.

Speaker  315834:39
Okay, great, Jamie. Thank you very much for your contribution. Everyone. Let's give them a loud round of applause. Okay, thanks, Lisa, Thanks, Ryan. I encourage everyone to do it. It may feel a little bit hokey, but eventually, as the meeting progresses, you'll see it's actually very. Gratifying to give it and to receive it. Okay, I'll ask a question, do we? Is there a volunteer in the audience before I ask the question? Okay, Ryan, thank you. I can go. Okay, Ryan, wait so

Speaker  324272:00
I missed the like setup for this. We're just answering your question, and are we supposed to answer it in a certain way based on something you told us?

Speaker  327061:20
No, I didn't tell you anything, but I'll give you a few things we're practicing right now. This is a public speaking gym. It's a safe environment. There's no criticism, there's no judging. We're just here as a supportive group during your presentation or after the presentation, I may jump in and provide for you some valuable information that you can take with you at your next speaking assignment or communication arena. Okay, instead of me lecturing you for about 20 minutes of the basics of public speaking, they are right. This is a different method. So there's more interactivity. There's more generally to be a little bit little bit more fun of environment. It was during lectures it's easy to fall asleep. How does that sound?

Speaker  339136:00
Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker  339472:00
But I will give you a tip. It every presentation should have an opening and body and a conclusion. It should be structured with that in mind, answer the following question, what was the proudest moment of your career so far? And remember, this is a mini speech. You have 60 seconds. You don't have to say everything about it, about why it was so great, just you know, what was it? Why? An example,

Speaker  347530:40
I'd say the proudest moment of my career in E commerce, which I'm working on right now, and I've done since the start, was selling my first product on Amazon. And I'd say the reason for that being the most exciting thing was that I put in months of work before that to get this product onto Amazon, and as soon as I saw that product sell, is extremely exciting. It was rewarding for past work that didn't have reward. So I'd say that was the most exciting thing in my career. Was was my first sale? Excellent.

Speaker  360613:20
Thank you, Ron, you did that in 44 seconds. Congratulations. Loud round of applause for Ryan. Yay. So Ryan, what do you think was the strength of your delivery, your 44 second delivery?

Speaker  365130:40
I'd say strength was being clear on the moment that was most exciting.

Speaker  368026:40
Let me interrupt you. In comparison to what you suggest, what you said was one of the skills you were challenged with is beating around the bush. In this particular case, you got right into it.

Speaker  370880:00
Well, thank you. Yeah, I I generally beat around the bush with people. I think like communicating, but thanks being Yeah, I'd say being clear on on the answer, or like, the moment, and then yeah, and then, I guess, not going over the time and Keeping it brief to the point of

Speaker  379194:40
that time. Okay, thinking back, we said, we have, you want to give you 15 seconds more. What would you add?

Speaker  382474:40
I don't know. That's, yeah, I think, I think, I'm not sure what I would add. I'd say maybe a weakness to it was not having as much flavor or maybe excitement around the story could add some more, more excitement and vision and depth around the story.

Speaker  388064:00
Okay, I like what you said, I like what you mentioned there, and I like to add to it if I, if I may, start communicating with others. It's so important to broadcast our emotion and our energy where we're at with it. So as an example, even though we're in a practice room in a gym, this is an opportunity to exaggerate some of the things that you would perhaps do in a larger room. And let's say someone really asks you the question, and you're going to impress a crowd with it, so imagine leading with your emotion and starting off with a nice big smile. Say, oh, Alan, that's a great question. I would love to talk about something about my success in my career, and I'd like to share with you that story of when I sold my first prize. Dollar it wasn't such a big deal. It was only 1999 and maybe I made $1.50 on it, but it was so gratifying. I worked three months on it, and it came to fruition. And the most exciting part of it that 1999 sale wasn't the dollar 50, it was the promise about what the future was going to offer me. And I dreamt about selling a million products a year, and I have to say today, I'm dreaming about selling a million products a month, and that was the proudest day of my career.

Speaker  408773:20
That sounds nice. Yeah,

Speaker  409189:20
and you have a beautiful smile that you just broadcast. I encourage you to use it.

Speaker  410805:20
Thank you, great,

Speaker  411642:40
June, are you with us? Okay, yes, okay, June, so are you familiar with what we're doing over here? But say, I know you went silent for a while.

Speaker  415722:40
I am here.

Speaker  416138:40
Okay, so, June, I'd like to ask you a question I'd like you to answer within 60 seconds. I'd like you to is it possible for you to turn your camera on, or not really, in a place that would be conducive for that? Oh, it's

Speaker  418928:00
around 1:30am here.

Speaker  419968:00
Okay, so I'm going to suggest something for you stay stay off camera. I got it, and thanks for joining us, even though it's 1:30am for you. Okay, I'm going to ask you a question, and I've asked other members here a question, but we're going to practice. This is a public speaking gym. It's a safe environment. There's no criticizing, there's no judging, there's no condemning. If you don't want this to be recorded and and Kat, you could just ask Jamie to put this on pause. I'll ask you a question. I like it to answer it with an opening body and conclusion, and with the suggestion that I gave Ryan to lead with his emotions, which you can't really do because the camera is off. So I'll give you something else that you can do. So I'd like you to leave the speech. Oh, June, thanks so much. So I'm gonna give you two. Then I'm gonna give you two. So I asked Ryan to broadcast that beautiful smile that he has. So June, when you answer this question, broadcast your smile. But I'm gonna add another idea, because I said I said it. It's also okay, not just a smile, but the broadcast a laugh. It puts everyone at ease. Okay? Signals that this is going to be fun. So let me say I'd like to ask you a question. I

Speaker  442666:40
well, maybe the left is not really going to work so much of it. But if you could squeeze in and go ahead, how do you motivate a team member who is feeling burnt out? Now, before you answer, remember, it's a mini speech. You have 60 seconds. Try doing it with an opening, a body and a conclusion. So in other words, it's organized broadcast a smile, another tip, and Ryan did it well, and Jamie did it well. Mars did it well. Speak at a pace that's easy for other people to hear and understand and digest what you have to say. Okay, so again, ask you the question, how do you motivate a team member who is feeling burnt out, and if you don't have a team member that's burnt out, I'll express to you how I'm burnt out, and then maybe perhaps you could give me some motivation.

Speaker  456341:20
Okay, it's a one way speech. It's not an interaction between us, right?

Speaker  457829:19
It's a one way speech. You can ask, you could ask a rhetorical question, but you're not expecting an answer for

Speaker  459370:40
Okay, okay, got it? Okay, great, okay, so keeping in mind that it's 1:30am I, you know, I understand that you are feeling burnt out, and I want to understand where you're coming from, and that's unfortunate, because that's not really what we want to create as an environment for you. It would be great if we could have, if you don't mind sharing, what do you think is the actual root cause is, are there other things going on in your life or at work that are leading to that? Or if you are open to communicating to that, that could be very helpful for us to look at potential solutions, and then maybe, if, off the top of your head, if you have one or two things that we can do and work on that together that could improve that, maybe we can come up with a better solution for that. Overall, what do you think of that?

Speaker  475658:40
That's fantastic. It shows empathy. That shows concern. It's intelligent. You're not making any assumptions. And I think if I was sitting in the chair across from you in the office, or even Zoom, zoom across the across the world, I would very seriously consider all. Opening up to you about what it is that I'm burnt out about. So you had an organization, you were structured, you spoke at a good pace, you were sensitive, you had eye contact. And these are all virtues when communicating. Now, notice, when I'm evaluating, giving feedback to all of you, I'm dripping in little tidbits of what a successful speaker uses. So for instance, we spoke about structure. We spoke about pace. We spoke about opening up a speech with an emotion that we would like to broadcast and join you to that we didn't yet speak about speaking loudly enough that the other person can hear us, but I but you did speak loudly enough. So did you? Ryan, so did you? Jamie, I hope I am. We show thumbs. Can you hear me properly? Okay, great. So the level of the other person be able to hear is very important, and I think what you're touching on now over here, even though it's a one on one, communication with an employee is trying to know the audience, what exactly is bothering that particular person. So notice we just did 123455, skills, knowing the audience is the fifth. We talked about eye contact before the one thing we haven't spoken about, but no one has really been egregious with this violation. Anyone have a suggestion, or perhaps might be one of the worst mistakes public speakers make when speaking in public, or even one on one, and want to volunteer it before I say it. Jamie, mumbling is

Speaker  508394:40
God speaking clearly? Mumbling? Well,

Speaker  508922:40
mumbling, we spoke about being speaking loudly enough with clarity, we'll call that audible, being audible. So that's very good. Yes, of course, if they're mumbling, would be terrible. Is it? The number one thing that public speakers violate? Maybe, I think there's one above it, because the guy was a mumbler, is never a public speaker. He'll never be put on stage. Ryan, you give it a go. Guess anything. There's no such thing as a right answer or a wrong answer.

Speaker  517200:00
The question was, what prevents people from being a public speaker?

Speaker  518389:20
No, the question is, that is a good question. The question is, what's a what is something that public speakers do that isn't productive to getting their message across? It's a violation of public speaking etiquette. So to speak, June,

Speaker  524122:40
something, um, I'm guessing, speaking in a monotone or,

Speaker  525802:40
okay, that's also very sure that's great, great contribution. There's something that we do that some speakers do too often, although they don't have to do it perfectly, is use words that are called filler, words like, you know, so like, honestly, can I tell you honestly how I feel? Or non words like, um, ah. These are sounds that we make because we're concerned with silence. As public speakers and communicators, even in conversations, we're uncomfortable with there being a silence between us, and mistakenly will fill that with a non word or fill word, and I like to call them rips, rest in peace. They should be put in the graveyard. Now that doesn't mean you shouldn't never use them. We're human. It's natural to sometimes use them, and it's okay to use them by not using them, though, the person hearing you thinks that you're 10 times smarter than you are, because something that's filled, filled with polluted with these rest and peace sounds pollute Your message, it makes it difficult for them to hear you. Okay, so with that, believe it or not, we went over seven techniques just now, let's go over them again. Structure, you want to write it down, just put that as the structure, P for pace, E for the emotion you want the audience to feel and start with a smile or a laugh. A for Audible, which is not to mumble, to be clear, to project your voice. K is to know your audience. Where are they made of? Who are they? Are they baseball players? Are they Amazon's resellers? Eye contact? Do you have proper eye contact with with your audience?

Speaker  563936:00
I'm guessing the next one's an R. I'll

Speaker  565024:00
guess you got it right. Thank you. And r is, what would it be, Ryan, a million dollar question. R represents first one to answer gets a million dollar in Amazon dollars, rest in peace, words, put them to rest. Don't use them. Don't violate it. So just through practice, through having a good time, through laughing, through hearing each other, we just went over seven of the most important skills to master to become even better communicators. How does that sound to all of you? Sounds good, nice. So now if you committed, this is 1240 we're 1240 or 20 minutes ago, if you're really committed to becoming better communicator, run through the acronym in your spare time. What do they represent? What were the what were the first three? Again, Ryan, give it to him.

Speaker  581152:00
Ryan, structure. Pace and emotion. So the acronym is speaker, so is it? Structure, pace, emotion, audible? Know your audience, eye contact, rest in peace. Words, beautiful,

Speaker  586677:20
June, you got it. What's beautiful about this acronym? It's relevant to our topic.

Speaker  588618:40
With practice, it'll become easier to memorize, and as you memorize it, these are, this is the checkbox that you compare you speaking to against. So when you finish speaking with someone, was I structured? Did I demonstrate good eye contact? Was I loud enough? Did I use too many filler words and non words? Did I laugh during the Kat, the conversation or the presentation? Did I smile? How's that sound? I see you smiling. Yep, good, yep, okay, okay, great. So you ready for the next portion? Yeah, that's good, yes, okay, let's do it right. Okay, you guys now ready for the cardinal rules, three cardinal rules. With these three cardinal rules, everything else becomes even clearer. First cardinal rule is everything we do and say in our communication, whether it's one on one or public speaking to a large crowd, is to the purpose of who wants to fill me and fill that in. It's to the purpose of the I will pay Jamie you said, helping to get our message across. Bingo, Ryan, Jamie, that was a good answer, helping. And I love that, because that's found fundamental. Hold on to that, Jamie,

Speaker  612112:00
that's more wholehearted, that's more heart failure.

Speaker  613216:00
Hold that. Hold that. Guys write that down somewhere. Hold on to what Jamie said when we're going to use it a little bit later. But right now, the message I wanted to get across, Ryan knew it's for the purpose of getting our message across. Anything that you do during your speech that's not productive for that purpose is distracting, and when there are distractions in the room, your message isn't going to be heard. So for instance, I pick up the phone, excuse me, would you hold on just for a second? That's not going to help get my message across, right? How about if I scratch my head excessively, I pull my ear, I adjust my eyeglasses, I fix my tie. They're innocent. They can't happen. But if you could control them and remove them and be cognizant about what they are, you're going to give you a message, a better chance to get across. Cool. Who wants to repeat Kat Rob rule number

Speaker  632229:20
one, all talking, yeah, yeah, Jimmy,

Speaker  633141:20
all talking is for the purpose of getting our message across good,

Speaker  634277:20
all talking and action and all actions as well. Once upon a time, I gave a speech while curling my eyeglasses. It wasn't so received. Can you can you see that? June, you can see that. Okay, great. You don't wear eyeglasses, but you can see that. Okay? Cardinal rule number two, law of worthiness. This is really hard. It's not because we aren't it, but we're in a constant stride of trying to be it in order for someone to hear our message. In the business environment, we have to have an authority. Why are we the person that people should listen to? Right? Okay? But outside of business, let's say you're just communicating with friends. Well, let's say you're communicating with workers. They want to like you. They want to respect you, in conjunction with communicating with you. Now for me, this is the most difficult thing to develop, but how do I become the person that others in my organization will respect, and it has to do with what Mara said and what Ryan said, is that when we communicate, we want to make sure we don't hurt another person's feelings. We don't cut them off when they speak, we show them empathy. We listen to them, we validate that what they have to say is real, and we offer assistance, and we do it authentically, but we do it all the time, and we're being watched. So that means that when we're home, Jamie, right? And we're talking to people at work, our children see us as being that person that's worthy, that we're empathetic and we're caring and we're not rude. And the people at work see us when we lose our tempers, perhaps we're dealing with a crisis. So the evolution of us to becoming that better person will help us become more heard, and it's done off the stage. Can you see that? I give you an example real story. I had a small organization that 25 people that were reporting directly to me. It was a tight ship. We were losing money, and I was requiring everyone to work 100% of their time. Days off will be rewarded in extra pay at the end of the year. My internet picker, at the time, the only person who worked the warehouse, needed to take the day off, and we didn't have another picker, but he took the day off, nonetheless, when he came back the next day, and I asked him, you know, what was, what was the crisis? He said something that I wasn't empathetic towards too, and I lost the respect of many others in my organization, he took the day off to put his Kat to sleep. Now, I'm not a pet person, and I couldn't empathize with that, and I let it know be known, that I didn't think it was a valid reason for taking a day off in such a crisis of business time, but all the other pet lovers in the organization were not happy with the way I communicated with them, and they teased me about it for another year. Of course, I apologized when I understood the gravity of it. You know, pets tell the people like a member of the family putting a pet to sleep is like visiting a loved one the last day of their life at the hospital. It's critical, and it's important. Okay, that's the law of worthiness. Now going back to Jamie, what Jamie said before? Jamie, what did you say is that to hold on to

Speaker  704378:40
so the question is, like, what? What is that the root of all talking, right?

Speaker  706112:00
And what did you say? I said helping, helping. When others realize that you're there to help, they open up equally to you in terms of how they think they could be helped or the situation could be helped. So for instance, the window is broken the warehouse, and it's extremely cold, and all the workers working in the warehouse are extremely uncomfortable. You know, instead of barking out orders to the staff about what they can do to make it better for them, or tell them just to get with it and put on a sweater or something, saying, you know, what do you suggest we do? This is a tough situation. I understand that the workers are cold, that it's hard to pack when I finish. Those fingers almost frosted. So, you know, I have some ideas, but I like to hear your ideas as well. Perhaps between the two of us, or maybe your idea will find a solution that's worthwhile using. You see that if we walk, we walk into the room trying to solve a solution together, or at least I will help. What resources do you need? They're going to listen to you even more than they would have prior. Listen if I just walked into the room and I just barked out my orders. I just said what I said, and people just going to say, you know, he really never gets it. He never really listens to us, and if he doesn't listen to us, I'm not going to reciprocate and listen to him truly and with my heart. So it's broadcasting that I'm here to help, and that's my function here now as well. And even though it's a small group, I'm ecstatic about it, because I'm able to give each of you more attention. We have about 10 minutes to go before we go further. I'd like to understand, is there something else that you'd like me to address? Go ahead, June. Get June and Ryan, you keep

Speaker  741440:00
thinking, Yeah, you know, I find it easier to do one on one conversations, so I have media training. You could stick a microphone in front of me, and I could just do an interview like that. Even if I'm nervous, it's much harder to speak in front of a room in an audience, because you don't get that one on one interaction. So what would you do? Like, how is that different, because that I don't do as well?

Speaker  748282:40
Okay, it's a fantastic question. I love it. Hold on. Just one second. I want to see if Ryan had a thought in his mind and maybe Jamie had a thought in mind. We could combine them.

Speaker  750698:40
Brian, yeah, I'm curious more about the love worthiness and how to like get over. I guess when, when you are worthy of talking like I think that I found my I find myself in having like imposter syndrome. They call it, or that kind of feeling where I just won't speak my mind because I don't believe that it's valid or worth it. But I do think there's instances where you know, I mean, I know more things about Amazon than I do about, like some random topic. So welcome. Should I be? What am I worthy of talking about? I guess?

Speaker  765738:40
Okay, great, so hold on to that. So June's talking about fear of speaking in front of a large audience. Ryan is deliberating in his mind, when should he speak up? When do I achieve the worthiness to speak up? Jamie, do you have something you don't need to but if

Speaker  769856:00
you have, I just had a question about rest in peace. Words,

Speaker  770880:00
okay, we'll ask that question, and then we'll

Speaker  772176:00
So, for example, on this call, because you're a speaking expert, I've been careful to try not to use those words to practice trying to be Kat comfortable leaving silences. But even now, leaving silences does make me feel uncomfortable. So what my question is is, after a certain amount of time, does it become second nature not to use those kind of words, because I use, you know, and like a lot,

Speaker  780314:40
okay, great. And I answer questions very often that my son asks me with a long Um, let me think about that. So I'm human and you're human also yes. So the answer is yes, With practice, you'll become more comfortable with holding silence. I just held the silence for a long time. How did that feel? Was it awkward? No, why is that? Why isn't it awkward? Because the other people need to chew their food, taste the sweetness, determine if it's appropriate to swallow and then swallow and then before taking the next bite, they want to make sure it went down smoothly. So when we're speaking about things that other people aren't familiar yet with, Ryan, so for instance, you can speak about something that you're an authority of and you're speaking to an audience that perhaps doesn't know the topic as well as you. It's appropriate to be graceful with them, to speak at such a pace that they could digest everything that you had to say that. Jamie, did I answer your question? That's right. Good. So now, June, I'm going to go back to you, and Ryan, you're going to be second. Let me ask you a question. June, have you ever heard of a fireman, a police officer and EMT, those are the people that drive the ambulances to pick someone up that's in distress, or an ER room. Doctor, fail at their job.

Speaker  808949:20
What do you mean? Fail at their job?

Speaker  809749:20
Dude, I love how technical you are that they didn't do that job properly. The firemen let the fire burn. The ER doctor cut the guy's left arm off instead of his right arm. God forbid, the the empty driver drove the patient to McDonald's because he he knew he was going to take lunch, but he was supposed to take lunch after he dropped the patient off. The police officer arrested the wrong Oh, shouldn't ask that question, but okay, but you got these individuals that work in extremely stressful and anxiety causing situations, for the most part, 99.9% of the time do what they're supposed to do properly? How come?

Speaker  822677:20
Because they're wired to do it. They it's, you don't even think about it. They're wired right?

Speaker  824789:20
The mind that why is the mind that fires together, is wires together? Yes, they're wired right? It's through practice. It's through preparation. I have a famous saying I like to say, See, I shouldn't itch my eye, but itched. Jamie's itching his ear, but it's fine. We're human. Okay. Check this out. Proper practice promotes positive performance. Five Ps, proper practice promotes positive performance. So as you practice June, knowing these seven skills, utilizing them, becoming better at them, you'll see that your anxiety will dissipate. Now it's not going to disappear, but it'll become easier for you. I too, preparing for this call, had a bout of anxiety that rushed through me. Does that mean I'm not going to call? I'm not going to have the call, I'm not going to get on stage? No, because I feel worthy to share what I have, and I know that it's going to be a benefit for you. Is that cool? Yes, so the next time you think about becoming that person that could speak in front of the audience, think about the firemen, the EMT technician, the ER room doctor. They got there to their path. You will get to your path, but it's got to be something that is your path. It is your your chosen destiny. That's why I gave you the acronym speaker, and I encourage you to go through it. And I know I love paper airplanes. I throw a paper airplane, I know once I launch it, it's going to fly for a certain amount of time, and it's very gratifying. June Ryan, Jamie, Daniel, if you can hear me, then you are now launched. There's no stopping you. You are now aware of the skills that you need to become an even better public speaker. And it can't stop it can become a quicker transformation the more time you invest in yourself, memorize what the speaker acronym, what letters stand for, then start to apply them to your life, both the way you're speaking and the way you're hearing others. Did they violate any of the acronyms? Were they? Did they execute any of the acronyms well? And pay attention to it. I will say, though, with that, just because you're a better public speaker now and you know about the things you should do and the things you shouldn't do, that doesn't mean you stop listening to the people who are violators of those. Right? We don't want to stop learning. We want to grow. So we'll have to go through so to speak. I would like to use the word garbage, but now I'm trying to think of a better word, like the garbage that's out there, and pick out the gems. And I just read a multi on social media that they found 1000 tons of gold somewhere they got translates to one $20 billion worth of treasures. So we're going to listen to other people for their treasures, even though they're not delivering it in the best way. Now, Ryan, getting to you truly. How does that sound to you?

Speaker  880736:00
It sounds good. I noticed you did one thing that I think is helpful, which is you ask rhetorical questions, because I find the interactive format a lot easier in speaking or doing an interview. So if I was speaking in front of other people, using that technique, probably it does help, because it breaks up the conversation. It feels more natural, yes, and I probably have something for Ryan as well.

Speaker  887461:20
Okay, great. So would you like to answer Ryan's question? Yeah. So you have 30 seconds. We're closing on on one o'clock, and I do want to leave you with another idea. If you could stay great, if you can, I completely understand you got to answer, Ryan,

Speaker  891418:40
yeah, for Ryan, I think it's just understanding that you're in a safe space and what you have to say is important. I think for you, you're a natural problem solver, and so if you dig into what is the problem that the person has your your desire to contribute outweighs any conversation you have with yourself, like the self doubt and all. If there's a way that you can help, then you'll just do it and it'll show up naturally

Speaker  898944:00
beautiful. That's beautiful. John June,

Speaker  899824:00
so Ryan, thanks for saying that's an interesting take.

Speaker  901040:00
I'll add to that there was a gentleman on the internet who I heard answer this question to a group of Yale students, and he said as follows, imagine going to the grave thinking the wrong ideas. I imagine thinking that two plus two is five your whole life, pretty sad, right? But through the gift of communication and with a little bit of a strong emotional spine, I'll throw something out there, and if I'm wrong, and I'm telling you now guys, the best way to speak in public is to say two plus two is five. And then Jamie said, well, Alan, you know, it's not such a smart idea. If you show people that you're incapable of basic logic, no one listen to you. I will have grown as a person. So Ryan, you're a young man. I'm 22 also, plus a few years, and I got here through walking on glass, walking on fire, stubbing my fingers, cutting my toes. I wasn't so enjoyable, but I'm glad I took the journey, because by doing it, I became that broken piece of glass. Ryan, do you look near the shore? Diamond walk, five minute walk. Okay, everyone else, look near the shore. Do you know what glass looks like when it gets washed up on the beach, like a pebble? It's rounded around the edges. It's extremely soft. It's a broke it's from a broken piece of glass, right? It is broken glass, but you can't cut yourself on it. The fact that you don't feel worthy enough at all times, you could be accurate. You could be not accurate. I would bet more than 5050, likelihood, probably a little bit too tough on yourself, because we're all too tough on ourselves, so I'd encourage you to speak up more often than you already do, and if someone corrects you, that's a bonus, because you won't be that sharp, broken glass that will hurt, but you'll be that beautiful piece of jewelry that other people will pick up, that broken piece of glass That's now polished at the edges and smoothed that can never hurt anyone. And people collect those things, and they put them in their jaws, and they can find one that's green and one that's orange, one that's white, and makes a beautiful collection. So you're investing in your future by speaking up now. I like that. Okay, great. I'm so happy you all joined. Is there anything else if you want to stay, I have a few more minutes. If there's anything else you want to speak about, I'm game. All right. So what I'm just gonna say, my fellow so I'm just gonna say thank you so much for trusting me. Thank you so much for letting it out, your questions, your contributions, your thoughts, your ideas, and participating in this whole episode of this public speaking journey. And I look forward to meeting you sometime, some way in the future.

Speaker  954693:20
Great. That was great. Thank you so much. Appreciate your

Speaker  955370:40
time. Thank you guys. Bye.
