MDS Expert Call with Returnstack
Date: February 17, 2026

Speaker  15978:40
Ah Tomas, wait for your Go ahead. We'll give it few more minutes, and you let me know when you want to start.

Speaker  18272:00
Yeah, let's just give like, a couple more minutes you have the presentation already prepared. Yes, okay. Like, if you want to, like, you like, start sharing. Just like to have it there. The good thing is that I was talking with Belen, and so we're gonna be recording this the whole time, meaning that if people are not like, willing to join because of whatever reason, or any reason that they don't want to, like join, or they're busy whatever, we're gonna still record the whole thing, and then we're gonna post it on the on the app, where people can see, like the videos, I can see, like, all the presentations, so you will be still be able to get to that people as well. Yeah, sounds good. Cool. Like, if you want to, like, give it, like, give, like, a couple more minutes, like, with it like that, or you can, like, even, like, start now and everything will be recorded.

Speaker  34416:00
We can, we can give a couple more minutes. Okay, let's wait. Then i

Speaker  38149:20
i have my camera off because I was just like finishing some stuff here. Like we highly recommend people like to turn on their cameras. I don't know, Maya, if you want to turn on yours, it's up to you.

Speaker  44554:40
Hi, Maria, hey, yeah, I'm on sorry. Take a second.

Speaker  45722:40
No worries. All good. You don't have to do it if you want to. But like, yeah, we, we embrace people to do it again. We'll be finishing some stuff, and then I'm going to turn it on as well. And yeah, Mayank, whenever you want.

Speaker  50144:00
I think Tomi, first, I think we would prefer to keep the camera on, but I think second, I would at least one few participants to be on the call. So if we have to reschedule, I'm happy to I just don't want to do it, to record it and then paste it somewhere. So you let me know if we should reschedule and maybe find some other option. But I'm good either way,

Speaker  57141:20
up to you like I can. I can also ask Belen, Hi, Lisa, how are you? I can also ask Belen, would you rather reschedule or again? As I said, like it's saying because, like, it will be all recorded. I think Ben is here as well. Is it you?

Speaker  63082:40
Belen? Hey, everyone. Sorry. It is me, my my meeting went a bit longer than expected. How's everyone doing

Speaker  67599:59
good? How are you?

Speaker  68399:59
I'm good. I'm good. Thank you. Okay, most of the time, these calls are mostly checked out later in the app, so we might not have that big of an attendance, but in any case, I'm going to just post a quick reminder for people, and in like two minutes we can get this going.

Speaker  75269:20
Sorry, there's a question. I was expecting few people to actually jump on the call. I would prefer to do that rather than just run through and record this video. So I'm not sure sort of if it's a better option to reschedule and have actual participants sort of be part of this call.

Speaker  81584:00
Expert, okay, we can try. Let me just, just give me a sec sure I'm going to talk to Ileana. I

Speaker  87312:00
I'm going to have her join because she's the one is in charge of these calls, so maybe she'll be the better person to Notice.

Speaker  90817:04
Here she is,

Speaker  96026:40
hello, sorry, I was on a call with the team.

Speaker  97392:00
Yeah, I explained that to them. So they were thinking that they were expecting a bit more people here, and they don't want to go over the slides just to get the recording in the app, but they would like to maybe reschedule what you think.

Speaker  102997:20
Um, well, I let me think about this, because it's not always, you know, so unusual if people are not really interested on the topic at the, you know, at the specific time, I also, I need to let you know that we, we do have a lot of calls from partners that had, maybe, you know, five attendees on the call, which it was not great, but after a while their recordings, they did have, you know, more views, like, up to like, 20 or 30. So we can, we can definitely reschedule if, if that's what you want, but, but I'm not sure we can have something for the next two months, because we like the slots are filled. So are you okay with that?

Speaker  118869:20
Maybe it would be better so we will have more time to work on the actual slides, because I took a look and it's still something like MDS members really expect these partner calls to be something that they can take an action immediately, even without hiring your service. So it should be some value that's adjacent to what you do and that you've learned from working on this industry, but not necessarily something that they need you to achieve, something that's usually what performs better for people and what drives more attention and intention of actually attending.

Speaker  131407:59
Yeah, I send the second version of the slide that sort of, I'm not sure if you had a chance to look at that.

Speaker  133653:20
Yeah, yeah, I did see them. And I mean, maybe depending on what you're actually going to say during the those slides. But in any case, I still felt like this Wow statement, or this very interesting thing that might drive members attention was still missing. It can of course be something that some members will still find interesting, and it can of course be something that will drive people to your service, but we try to avoid having these calls that don't have this really extra great value besides what you offer.

Speaker  147472:00
Yeah, yeah. So let's do this. I think the I would prefer to have actual participants. So for that, if we have to reschedule, I'm fine. I think we can fine tune the slides. I still I understand sort of what you're saying, but I think the the value creation is very tight to sort of what we do. I think we can sort of take another step to separate them out, but it's sort of they go hand in hand. So yeah, I think I'm happy to reschedule. Let's sort of figure out if a better time can help. I'm not sure what exactly is your process to share about, sort of some of the presence and sort of the topics, but let me know if there is a better way we can, we can sort of talk about what we do and sort of the value we can add prior to the meeting itself, so that there is more interest and people are joining.

Speaker  163200:00
Yeah, okay, we were working with Iliana on a template of some sort of slide that you can also use, and that if we can get working on that Iliana, that might be useful for them too.

Speaker  167349:20
Yeah, yeah, we can. We should? We should definitely share that. Yeah. And then in terms of sharing, we're doing the sharing internally. We're not sharing any of the like the presentation, the slide, or anything, um, we're just, you know, we're creating an image regarding with your name, your like, your logo, the topic that you submitted in the presenter. And this is why I asked you, actually, you know, a really quick, but then to, you know, submit the form so we could have time to advertise it, and it was shared internally. We have in our newsroom in the app, which is like, you know, like the homepage where everyone gets in, we're having a carousel there, and your call was displayed for like, a full week. It could be maybe, like, eight days or more, and then we're also having, you know, some upcoming events at member C, and your call was also there. And that's all we're actually doing. We can't do anything more than that. But other than that, what sometimes helps is some partners, they decide to do some raffles during their calls. You know, at the end of the call,

Speaker  189066:40
which I think you were planning on doing something like that,

Speaker  191082:40
not the raffles, but we were planning for offering, sort of exclusive offering for our service.

Speaker  193520:00
Maybe that three members right for three sellers,

Speaker  194735:59
that's right, the first three.

Speaker  195344:00
Okay, so it's kind of

Speaker  195808:00
kind of a raffle, yeah, and what? What some partners also do. They usually, sometimes they do something for some people, one or two related to their sets, like you said, and they're also doing something irrelevant. So I had a partner that they raffled AirPods, or they raffled $100 you know, Amazon. So these are things that we're trying to add in the graphics while we're doing this. So maybe we can, you know, work on something like this. I can add it in the, you know, on the banner where we advertise the call, so people can see and, you know, it works, you know, nice for them.

Speaker  206682:40
And also, one other thing that I'm now thinking about, how, what information do you need from a seller in order to do like, just a demo of your service with one of our members? Products? Do you need a lot of information or just the Amazon listing that would be enough for you to like to like do live demo of your service.

Speaker  215077:20
We can do a live demo. We can also share a video. I think this is sort of a physical processing so it's sort of difficult to physically process something sitting in my office, but we have the videos with sort of live videos on how this is done. I think the disconnect here, maybe the Amazon sellers are not a good fit for this service, so the people so I think I shared this with other folks in the team, the people who are focusing on D to C who have a D to C business, that's the FAC. So I think we may also think about how we can customize the reach out so that the people who have a significant D to C business outside of Amazon are getting this message if you're only selling off Amazon.

Speaker  229776:00
Okay, thing to know, yeah, yeah. We do have a ton of people selling DTC, but mostly we do have most of our our members sell on Amazon, but we, for sure, can, like, figure out the best way to reach out people who would be a good candidate for this. But again, even beside your service, we would need to have something that maybe something that you've learned along the way, that's really practical and that people don't need to necessarily hire you to get benefit from knowing.

Speaker  239770:40
Like, I think we could add some slide content. Like, Mike, what do you think about adding some slide content? Of like, just like, interesting fun facts about, like, returns fraud and like things that people can do, some like, low hanging fruit that they can do some like, best practices around returns policies. Like, what kind of returns policies help with top line etc? Like, I think there's some interesting stuff that we can share that is just like, we'll be paid by our shit.

Speaker  247301:19
Yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker  247685:20
That's an easy change we can make,

Speaker  248277:20
and we can put that in the ad, like in the ad too. So we can, maybe, once we have that in the slides, we can in the ad where like, hey, like, talk about, how to customize your returns policy is to like your customer profile, whatever, whatever,

Speaker  252202:40
yeah, yeah. I think that'd be great.

Speaker  253290:40
Yeah. Okay, cool. So we can, we can circle back on this. We can find another date. Sounds good. We can make this work.

Speaker  256480:00
All right. All right. Sounds good. I think the let us know when is the next slot, and we can make some edits, sort of in the slides, and you take it from there.

Speaker  259616:00
Okay, cool. Sounds good for your time.
