APAC Chapter Monthly Call with Dorian Gorski
Date: January 26, 2026

Speaker  400:00
Where is simply

Speaker  3808:00
tense a couple minutes.

Speaker  7065:36
Um, yeah, what's been going on? Jonathan, how you been

Speaker  7961:36
I'm doing well. How have you been doing?

Speaker  8649:36
Man, yeah, good, yeah, good. I was just in New Zealand for a few weeks after Christmas, just doing family stuff over there, just hanging out. So, yeah, just got back, just got back to Australia last week, and just been settling back in.

Speaker  13626:40
Man, nice New Zealand must be fun.

Speaker  14858:40
Yeah, it's good, man. It's just easy to did a few little road trips and stuff like that. Went down to Wellington, which I lived for a few years during the high school and whatnot. So yeah, it's cool, just cool, just easy to get around. Also got family there, so I can, just like, borrow a car and, you know, borrow my mom's carts. It's pretty it's pretty inexpensive. So yeah, and I was good, good weather. Lots of beach time, just family time, all that stuff. Not too much work. Just about little bit of work in the mornings, while everyone's asleep.

Speaker  25205:20
That's, I mean, beach. It doesn't sound like a hard life.

Speaker  26213:20
Man, yeah, this is the other good thing. Is this prime time. I mean, I know it's different in in the northern hemisphere down here it's like, especially Australia, New Zealand, everyone takes a good break, generally during Christmas. So everyone's on holiday, can catch everyone in one spot. So get a real good strike rate, seeing aunties and uncles and cousins and all that stuff. So and everyone's on the on the best vibe, because, you know, they're on their long holiday, which is always good,

Speaker  34640:00
yeah, is the weather you said beach? Is it still warm enough to go on the beach? Or it's,

Speaker  36496:00
yeah, yeah. We're in peak summer. Man, I was saying so wild, yeah, it's, it's, it's 42 degrees right now in Melbourne, degrees Celsius. So it's like, sweltering. So we're in the 42

Speaker  41221:20
oh my gosh,

Speaker  41749:20
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  42181:20
It's like, I think today was a warmer day at 10 degrees. Just wild when you have a different hemisphere.

Speaker  44394:40
Yeah, I was talking to, I was talking to the dude who does some Google ads for us the other day, and, like, it was, he was in Toronto, and it was minus 40, and it was a snow day that was hectic. I just, like, just so funny, like, I'm the opposite, obviously, yeah, right.

Speaker  49168:00
It's like, oh, it's plus 40 for you. It's minus 40, yeah,

Speaker  50704:00
80 Degree different.

Speaker  51360:00
So, yeah, but now it's all good, man. It's good. Good Times down here, just getting, getting stuck back into it slowly. I

Speaker  54104:00
so I told Dorian, let's See if he's available.

Speaker  59240:00
Through three. I'm

Speaker  68266:40
okay, waiting on Dorian to join the call I

Speaker  71269:20
Jonathan, how's Suq kiwan,

Speaker  72149:20
I like it here, man. We just had the MDS guys for the

Speaker  73589:20
second trip. Nice, nice,

Speaker  74613:20
and it was, but I'm trying to, like, conserve how much I'm spending money. And they did all kinds of expensive stuff while they're in Tokyo.

Speaker  77434:40
Oh, yeah. So no, no, 25 pound Alaskan King Crab buffet for you.

Speaker  79162:40
Actually, I joined them for a couple of the meals. So I It was wild, like we did wagyu mafia. I don't know if anyone's ever heard of that. It's a members only, like Omakase style with a beef but like, they have, like, club music playing, and they're yelling as they're, like, cutting everything and serving you. And it's like a big, like a it's like a big party that was wild. We did a two and a half two star Michelin sushi That was wild. But I follow their group chat. And their group chat is like, I'm just while they're skiing, right? But in the group chat is just basically like, they just try to keep wanting up everything. All right, let's go to this restaurant. No, no, it's not high end enough. Let's go to this one. Oh, okay, actually, fuck it. Let's just get a private chef for the room. Yeah, let's do that. Let's get a private chef. We go, wow.

Speaker  93098:40
Yeah, I'd probably just get my 800 yen ramen, neighborhood ramen. Okay, so

Speaker  96618:40
we have everyone on, except Dorian. I sent an email to him, but he didn't open it, and I wonder if he had a different time for our call. Let's see.

Speaker  101872:00
Okay, it says he opened it just now I'm

Speaker  115824:00
okay, check my screen option. How's everything going for you? Brian, what you any big projects you're

Speaker  118709:20
up to, um, I'm trying to figure out my long term living situation. I'm in Singapore right now. My partner Singaporean, and you were trying to see, yeah, kind of go from like, life plan of like, When do we want kids? Oh, Singapore gives us, like, 20 grand just to have kids here. So probably makes sense to do that. So if we're going to do that, then, like, where are we going to live before that happens? So kind of a mix of like, San Francisco and Singapore and perhaps some other places. So been working with that, and I'm in Singapore right now,

Speaker  128314:40
nice, but all expensive places, Singapore, San Francisco,

Speaker  129792:00
yeah, yeah. I've been living in Chiang Mai for a long time, and I'm kind of more used to those prices.

Speaker  132048:00
I got used to the yen being weak. I hope it never gets strong again. But like, oh, $7 oh my gosh, so expensive. Like, yeah,

Speaker  134629:20
you get used to things. Yeah, totally.

Speaker  137397:20
We got Kim Hey, there Kim, hi. We got a bunch of people without cameras, so I'm looking at your names. You have beautiful names. People, June, you have a beautiful name, AEDT, you have a beautiful name. Oh.

Speaker  147904:00
I wonder if Dorian got the time confused. This is open just now, okay, as he saw it, and said, Great, I'm just getting a cup of coffee. No problem for the delay. But that was bit ago. We have some beautiful team members here. Cool. Welcome to the call. Let's fill it up.

Speaker  167701:20
Keith, how you doing? Keith,

Speaker  168981:20
what is up? Hello, is

Speaker  169318:24
this your Is this your first mogul call with us?

Speaker  170117:20
It sure is. What a privilege. Good to see you. Yeah, I've got no excuses. I mean, Time Zone is actually quite nice.

Speaker  173156:16
Yeah, I know where you live, dude, you have no excuse. Yeah, that's it. Keith is staying in Japan now, so I get to see him sometimes trying to find a pickleball buddy. Think I think Keith can be the one. Let's see.

Speaker  177168:00
I want a good contender though. Hey, be up to muster. If not,

Speaker  179312:00
we'll just have to do some eclectic dancing or something like that.

Speaker  181792:00
Keith, were you living now

Speaker  182549:20
currently Tokyo, yeah, okay, yeah, time, yeah, you're still in Chiang, Mai.

Speaker  184629:20
I'm in Singapore right now. Okay, and that's your base. Not really trying to figure it out, kind of going back and forth. It's been mostly San Francisco, okay, yeah, it's been long time so I've seen Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  190042:40
We got Dorian. We must have been some confusion. Yeah,

Speaker  195520:00
hey, Dorian.

Speaker  195952:00
Hey, hey, Jonathan. I'm so sorry for some reason my my invite was saying it's, it's in 40 minutes. I don't know why, so I apologize. My calendar is saying something else.

Speaker  199621:20
I was thinking there had to been something, um, I also want to apologize to everyone because I was running 10 minutes behind. I have to just say the reason, it's dumb. I learned my lesson, but I was going home with my son. I took him out. He couldn't go to school today, so I'm like, Hey, let's go. Hey, let's go out for a treat together. I'll be back 3040, minutes before the call. And a train came, and I'm like, yo, we could take this train and get there even 15 minutes faster, only to find out that that train skips our station and goes a completely different direction. And then I was like, Oh no. So then we're like, All right, let's transfer back. And then that train was delayed, and then I got at the train, then I just messaged everyone. F it. I just got to tell people I messed up, and then I just sprinted back. So it's healthy. I'll do that again. But yeah, it's been, it's been a fun, fun morning.

Speaker  211696:00
Now, yes, apologies, everyone. Apologies. It's actually 6am here, so I'm drinking my first cup of coffee. Whoa.

Speaker  214581:20
It was supposed to be that was definitely a scheduling error.

Speaker  215781:20
Yeah, it was supposed to be seven. So it's like, I still have, I still have 40 minutes. 40 minutes left. I'll have a couple of cups of coffee. And Jonathan is emailing me here, Dorian, we're on the call.

Speaker  219658:40
I don't know. Thank you for coming on. I don't know what happened there. We'll look it up. No worries. Well, thanks. Thanks for waking up, man, you look good for 6am

Speaker  222234:40
yeah, thank you. It's the coffee.

Speaker  223386:40
Are you? Are you good to go then to Yeah, to present cool. So thanks everyone for your patience. Thanks for coming on. We got a lot of our groups. We have some cool team members here. Feel free to turn on your cameras, even though if you're muted, just so we can all feel like we're huddling together for our once a month meeting. But very similar when Sean Chao talked to us about the importance of doing the work before you even launch a product, knowing a product is going to win, making sure on the Amazon detail page you're visible, making sure that your image is optimized it can win the click, that it can outperform competitors. That is the world Dorian lives in. He's can he can give some background on his service and what he does. But if I'm correct, Dorian, you live and breathe. Click through rate and conversion rate optimization for images. And while we were talking, I even just threw up one of my images and said, Hey, or what do you let's bounce some ideas. And comes up, comes up with cool ideas, things I didn't think about. And this is one of the things where the last year or so, it's just becoming where it's like this is one of the 8020 of the things that matter is making sure how you stand on on the search results is optimized and effective for grabbing someone's attention and then winning the click. So yeah, Dorian, why don't you share a little bit about yourself and your service and yeah, who you are, and then we can get into your presentation.

Speaker  246453:20
No problem. Hi everyone. Thank you for introduction. Jonathan so I've been in the industry 13 years, running a creative agency more and recently, the last few years, I focus mainly on conversion and optimization. You know, we talk a lot these days, especially the last couple of years, about conversions. So what do I actually do? It's I work mostly with seven to eight figure brands, helping helping them to introduce click through and conversion, increasing workflows. Everyone is talking about, you know how important it is to test everyone knows it's important to increase your conversion in order to reduce your ad spend, in order to convert better for the for the algorithm to like your product and the ranking, obviously, is going up. So that's my job, really, is looking at your looking at your brand, looking at your catalog of products, and then coming up with hypothesis and pretty much just, you know, building a pipeline of tests that you can run for the next few months or even a year. And yeah, we if we've let me just share a screen quickly. So yeah, this, this is the company I own. It's called Kepler, and we've been, we've been working with some quite known brands for few years. And we have some, you know, proven results in terms of, in terms of delivering good ROI. We also run a conversion club, and we have also have a software which will touch on today, and yeah, we've been, we've been around for quite some time, creating beautiful content, anything, playing images to listing images to a plus, helping brands to convert better and sell more products. And conversions are tricky because it's not something that you can usually optimize by measuring things. But so you know, you know how you optimize PPC or ads. You have your dashboard, you have all the numbers, and you kind of can draw conclusions, and, you know, move things left and right, and, you know, start optimizing. But how do you optimize conversion something that's very subjective? So this is what we're going to this is what we're going to talk about today. Okay, so, Jonathan, I got three listings from you.

Speaker  291440:00
We have one more. Three are from the same person. It was the brave soul that was like, Hey, I would like to increase my sales. And everybody else was like, Nah, I'm not really interested in increasing sales and conversion rates so, but we have one popped up today that's also interested from Brian's Okay, I'll put it. Yep, I just put it in the chat. And by the way, anyone, if you have any questions or comments on this, we can do a free like asking afterward, or else, just drop, I'm monitoring the chat, so just drop your questions in the chat, and then I can bring them up too.

Speaker  299834:40
Okay, awesome. So what I want to give, want to show you today is something that I do quite often, and that's a very simple listing, or then checklist. So obviously, 2026 starts as they start. Has started, and let's say your your goal for this year is to increase conversion for some of your products. The hardest thing that I have realized when working with sellers and brand owners is not knowing what to test, coming up with the ideas. Because if you, if you, if you take a listing, and you go to a designer and say, and you say, I want a new listing, when you want to increase conversion. But what does it mean? What does increasing conversion mean? So is it just, you know, a nicer image, nicer listing images, a plus or copy. So what? What's the, what's the strategy behind increasing click through, rate and conversion. So I've prepared for you a quick checklist that you can simply use to to run through, look at your listing. Run through this, and you're going to see some opportunities already for tests and for a hypothesis that you can run on your on your listing, and we're actually going to go through, we're going to go through a couple of those listings. And also, I'll show you how we use AI in terms of this, everyone's the recent news using AI. So I want to show you some of these strategies also, and that can help you further with coming up with hypotheses and even ideas, and sometimes even final content that you can potentially use and to test. Okay, so I have literally just run these reports. So we have pregnancy journal, 90% clear sticker paper for inject printer. Let's take a look some of those listings that Jonathan sent to meet. So we have in paper for in Okay, pretty good listings. But let's see, this is a photo albums, easy removal, multi usage, okay? And then we have also pregnancy journal, let's look at this fact. Okay, let's look at some of these listings and Let's revise them. Okay, let's, let's look at the pregnancy journal. Okay, so if I was to increase, click through it, and conversion of a listing like this, What? What? What do? What do I look at? And the first thing I usually go through, and we're going, and I'll share this actually, let me share this also with you in the chart so you can follow and you can see you can even go through this and look at your own listing. So the first thing I usually look at is, let's keep my image for for now. But the first thing I usually look at in terms of listing images is my 22nd Scannability rule. So can someone understand your main benefits in 20 seconds of scrolling. So I usually go through this kind of like, go through image and a few images and one two, okay, and look at the listing images and trying to understand what's the main benefit? Because this is, this is kind of the speed that people go through when they look at listings, and I've seen those because we've done a lot of tests. So this is my first test. Is Scannability. Do I understand the main benefit? Okay, so we have gender neutral chapter summary, 82 pages, and we have the size all the pages, naming babies arrival. For me, it looks like just a regular pregnancy journal. I'm not seeing anything in terms of differentiation for this product, and I've worked on few of those products previously. So that's my that's the first thing for me where I know we have to do something about this, and we're going to get into this benefits in image images two and four. So this is my second rule, is, are your most important benefits and features front loaded in the first gallery images? So this kind of ties into the 22nd Scannability rule is, because I want to know people, sometimes they don't even go through all the images. They literally go Image two and three, and that's it, if, if you don't hit them with the right selling points, straight away, you, you, you lose them. So let's see image to a genuine gender neutral design chapter summary. So we have one benefit, which is gender neutral design, and then keep your Sonogram. Okay, so we have a photo here, protective hard cover. So we have a hard cover. Where is the hard cover? Book? Band for privacy. Okay, I see all right. So we do have some benefits, but they're not clear. They're not clear for me, and this is this brings me to my third rule is, show me, don't tell me. So another, another rule that really increases conversion, that we I'd always talk about is show me, don't tell me. And what do I mean about this when you're talking about a benefit? I want this to be a visual representation of the benefit. I don't want to read to into it and trying to figure it out what you mean. So, if something's waterproof, you know, you can, you know, easily show like how the water drops are kind of bouncing off the material, right? If something's, you know has, let's say, like a reinforced material. You can, you can show, you know, something hitting it. So I want to see benefits visually. I don't want, I don't want to read into them, because, again, people scan through these. They don't read into it. I actually missed those. I missed those benefits on the right when I was scrolling through. So either are the benefits shown in a visual way? So gender neutral design, I don't know what you mean by I don't know what what do we mean by gender neutral design? So that's one thing I'm not sure about. Keep your photo here. Okay, that's quite clear, protective, hard cover. So this is, I'm not sure how protective it is, like, what's the why is it protective? Is it the thickness and book ban for privacy? That's quite clear. So that already we have some issues here that we can explore in terms of, show me, don't tell me typography and Legibility. What do I mean? Is the text legible, correct size, good contrast, and reading naturally left to right. So we all read left. Read left to right. That's most western hemisphere. And people in, like even obviously, in the on your side of the of the world, we all read left to right. So it's a natural way, when you scan through things, we read left to right. And hence why I missed this right. So is, do we have enough contrast? I Not really. I missed those in this text at the top. Kind of the we have quite a lot of, quite few fonts here. So this, it's a nice, it's a nice, it's a nice font. But I'm not sure if it's it's legible enough. Let's leave it for now. But that's I would probably move some of the stacks to the left. Same here, because, again, it's natural for us to read left to right, left to right, and it's much faster for us to catch those things. So again, we have something here that we can potentially test information density. So I always say maximum, three to four pieces of information per image, the less, the better. That's the limit people can actually absorb, like, honestly, I think three is the max on the on an image. So let's go through those images and see if we have, you know, what type of information do we have? We have 1234, kind of loaded here, 123, this is fine. So in terms of information loading, I think we're good. There's not too much the only, I think, for some of these images, I'm not sure if we need headlines. So one thing that we all been taught, and it's a big lie in this industry, every single image needs a headline. They don't. They? Not every image needs a headline. If we show in the benefit in a visual way, we don't need a headline. And this, you know, gives us a lot of extra state. So this, I this, this, so we already have some ideas in terms of listing images. Let's look at bullet points. Are they front loaded with benefits? Cherish every moment, perfect mom to to be perfect mom to be gift. Capture each chapter, thoughtful pregnancy, gift for any parent for a life. I think this could be better. Okay, so that's one thing we can look at into benefits, and then let's look at my image. Okay, so here's, I'm going to show you some of like we're going to come up with hypothesis for this in a moment, listing images, main image, so white space audit. So I really look at the first thing and kind of see, okay, do we have? Are we taking over enough estate, on the, on the,

Speaker  461002:40
in the crop, in the, in the kind of industry, on the estate? So, yeah, not we have. We don't have a lot of white space, which is good. So, you know, this composition is quite loaded. There is we? Not we, we this. This image definitely is going to, you know, take up quite a lot of a state on the on the search page, which is good mobile optimization. So what I usually do, if you guys use Chrome, I usually go to View developer, developer tools, and I'm going to look at mobile, mobile. So I'm going to do this, and I'm going to look, check out how this looks on on a mobile. Let me just, I need to pregnancy journal was, What's this one called the brand? I'm it ATT page, pregnancy journal. Okay, so I'm going to do a pregnancy journal entity page. I'm going to check out how this looks on mobile. Where are, what is ours and this is important. Okay, so this is our image here. That's the one. No, that's the

Speaker  483216:00
comparison. Okay,

Speaker  483632:00
this one? Okay, let's take a look. Let me just refresh this again. I Okay, this is interesting search page because it's showing kind of two next to each other. Okay. It's not bad in terms of the size and mobile optimization. But there is one thing that we can definitely work on, which is a little bit more contrast. So when I look at this, have you checked your main image on mobile most session happen on your mobile devices? It's not bad overall in terms of mobile optimization this, it's not bad, and for couple of reasons, is 3d and dynamic angles. So I usually like my images that have kind of three dimensional angle to it, because they usually perform much better compared to two dimensional images. So that's that's done quite well. You know, we have a nice it pops out. We have a nice ribbon here. It says gift. So it definitely pops it definitely comes at you out of a search page, image quality and contrast. So let me just, let's go back to that listing. Now, in terms of image quality for that product. It's not bad. It's quite crisp. It's not a bad image overall. So it passes this test. Main benefit visibility. So are we seeing that like the main benefit of the product in in the main image? Yes, I think you know, definitely. You showcase in the photo frame, the design. I think we could definitely work on this, these pages, because they are not visible on the search page. So we can definitely come up with a few more ideas in terms of what, how we can present these pages, but we're going to get to it. So okay, so that's the audit done. So what do we do with this now? Well, one thing is, if, if, if you are, if you've gone through this and you've realized some of these things you know you are missing out on, then you can basically talk to your team, your design team, and say, Okay, guys, we need to, we need to work on making sure that our our content is more legible and it's reading left to right. Can we make the benefits show them in a more visual manner. So you can basically, this would already give you some hypothesis in terms of testing, but if, but if we want to take it further. And that's one thing that I built myself, is I usually go even a little bit further in terms of in terms of research. So this is basically a tool that I use that helps me to push, to push our ideas even further. And what it does, it's it goes through it goes through things like refuse queries. It goes through reviews. Looks at competitors, looks at your demographic, and looks at purchase barriers and top customer questions, and it comes up with hypotheses and things that we can potentially work on in order to increase conversions. So what are usually conversions? I thought conversions is, what is one? It's convincing your the customer to potential customer about you know that your product is the best they can choose from for the price they pay. So that's one thing, but the second most important thing is conversions are also about removing purchase barriers. So you want to make sure when I land on the listing, I want to make sure that understand everything about it, because I don't want to make a mistake of, you know, buying something and returning it, or, you know, not being happy about my my purchase. So purchase barrier is something that is quite also important in terms of increasing conversion. So what do we have here? Uncertainty about journal quality and page layout, layout without physical preview, concerns about what the ATT pages is enough, fear of buying too early in pregnancy Overall, about committing to consistent journaling habit, questioning value compared to free pregnancy apps and then top customer questions, what specific prompts and sections are included? When is the best time to start using this journal? How does this compare to other pregnancy? Okay, so we have some ideas. Okay, one thing that we can already see here is, let's look at SEO strategy. When I was talking about when I was talking about bullets, for example, on our checklist, I when we optimize bullets, we can't we always front load them with benefits and and in a way, in a way that are quite, quite aggressive, because we want to catch the attention of people again, with bullets, they also, customers also scan. They very rarely go and read every single bullet, but they scan through the main benefits. So when you write bullets, it's always good to front load them with really catchy benefits, easily capture pressures, moment, superior quality. Design, personal keeps a great lasting legacies, perfect baby shower gift. So obviously, these are some just ideas, but you can see how they read compared to these. You know, Cherie, several moment is good, perfect mom to be give capture each chapter, thoughtful pregnancy gift for any parent that's too long, preserved memories of a lifetime. And this. So, for example, superior quality and design. That's one thing that we already see is uncertainty about journal quality. So if someone's uncertain about journal quality, and they look at, look at this type of bullet, they can read through it, and kind of, we are already given them an idea of, you know, of the quality and kind of removing the purchase barrier they have. Okay, so what do we? What do we do with this type of information? What I usually do is go through, generate content ideas, and this is something that we I usually then provide this to my team. However, the brand I work with is just idea of the things we can test. So let's start with I'm going to generate some images for listings in the background. And this is our plan in terms of creative direction. So we're gonna go through that in the moment, and let's generate some ideas for main images. So we, as you guys, know there is a lot of chatter about AI image generation for using Gemini or GPT or all these other models to generate images for your listing. So I I'll give you my opinion on this. I think it's possible, if it's possible, to use some of that content. But what we usually do, we we use this content as as guidelines. So we create certain ideas using these these models that would then guide the designers to create the final output. Sometimes they can use certain aspect from that image and they just need to polish it might be just improve how the product looks. But very rarely, this is the final content. Sometimes, you know, land a really good image, but it's sometimes it takes a lot of time and frustration. So I prefer to use, I prefer to use AI images as kind of the direction that we had in. So let's explore some ideas for my images we can create the last great so we have some kind of human interaction and then unfolding beautiful journey. Let's try this one. Let's try some images. Okay, so in terms of, in terms of main images, I also, what I usually do is I just create a ton of ideas, loads of ideas. And then I kind of, we go through this, and we pick the best one for the designer to create, and then we start, and then we have, you know, five to 10 images that we can start testing. Okay, let's look at some of these images. Let's see if there's something, something. Some of these resonate with us. Okay, so the effortless memory, keeping How you feeling babies movement. So this image is about, let's look at if this makes even sense, memory keeping beige movement clear guided prompts. And this image, it's an interesting image. It shows, obviously, the kind of the inside of the journal gives it a little bit more, a little bit more kind of like a realistic feel. But I'm not sure if we showing you know if the benefit here is clear enough so we can still review those Make, make, nine months of memories, gender neutral design, chapter summary,

Speaker  642736:00
clear, guided. So this, this shows us, what's the insight? Okay, let's leave this for now. What's the premium quality construction? So that's one thing that's missing in the in the lesson. So I already know this kind of image can, can help us increase conversions. So when, when I want this is, this is basically this image, but in a different way. And what you see in here is little bit more the show me. Don't tell me approach. So when we're talking about no bleed through, guarantee, obviously, we can show ink pen that's, you know, that's writing on the pages. And that gives us an idea that this is no bleed thick paper thickness, you know, a side angle to see the paper, gold foil accents. This will probably be something about, I don't know. Again, this is AI, so it's not, it's not a perfect representation, but this is probably we can do. We can what we could potentially show in this image is the hard cover somehow from the side. That's what we'll do. Let generate few more. But this is, this is the approach that I was talking about. Show me. Don't tell me, approach, complete, night, month, journey. Let's look at this. So this talks about, I think this is the image that we are, chapter summary, the chapter summary, it's okay and complete my journey. So this is something that we already have here.

Speaker  669098:40
I think it's a very similar image in terms of layout. I'm not sure if this would do better. What I like about I think both of these do good job. So I'm not sure if we if, if that's if, that would increase conversions anyway, stay organized throughout. So a checklist was that important? Let me check. I used to go back to analysis and check the actions, address paper quality concerns, emphasize Digital Photo options, Show page layout details, gifting concerns, clarify page, count deck, okay, Capture baby arrival story. I think that's pretty cool, that here we could talk about people had concerns about when to buy this, so maybe a little bit of information here will be good in terms of when to buy this. When is it good to buy this product? Perfect gift for mom to be. That's the kind of image of I think we had one like this that we have, yeah? So I think overall, here we have maybe couple ideas. I'll probably work through this and look, let's look at images. So, so these are some crazy main images, right? Obviously, like you can't use this, but what you what we can do is we can start coming up with ideas of how to present the main so that's quite interesting, where we could maybe potentially have this little bit more found out. But what I'm going to do is generate even more ideas. So I usually take about half an hour to generate as many ideas as possible. So then I can, you know, I can narrow down and pick some certain things from one image to another, and come start coming up with hypothesis for my image. So let's try another one.

Speaker  704778:40
The know if you have any questions at this stage. I'm just showing you. I'm kind of showing you the process I usually go through when I'm trying to optimize the listing.

Speaker  707200:00
One, one question in the chat is, where is the purchase barrier sourced from? When you mentioned there's purchase barriers, I think from your software. Is that product opportunity Explorer, or is it AI generated

Speaker  710101:20
Good question. So we, we take on the purchase bars. We take top, top customer questions. That's one from from Amazon. Two is we, we actually scrape Reddit forums for because there's a lot of a lot of groups and people asking about certain products. And with this, if there's a quite and you can see frequency, so if something has been mentioned a few times, that's a top priority and pattern in terms of, like, something that we should look into. And the other thing is also reviews. So if they, if they mentioned that, you know, they're not sure about this, or not sure about that, or they were not happy about this, that's another concern. So it's basically aggregation of few data sources. Okay, let's generate more. So what I usually do then is I look at these images, and I look at my analysis, and I start working with AI. Okay, so what? How can we make this image better? So what I usually do is I give it feedback. So let's look at what some of these images stay organized throughout. Let's see if any. So for example, I think this will be a pretty cool image, but I would like to somehow, I'd like to mention here when to when, when's the best time to purchase this product, because that's, that was the one thing that customers mentioned. So what I would basically do is give it feedback and say in the image, I would like to mention, when is the best time to purchase this product for a mom to be okay, so you can start working with this. So you look at analysis, you look at data, and you start working with AI to come up with certain hypotheses. So I'm going to generate that and see how it looks. And complete nine month journey. Stay organized throughout What did we have here? Also, chapter summary, gender neutral design. So that's one thing that we're talking about, and it's quite important. In this, in this, in this, in this product, I wasn't sure about gender neutral design, and understand from the it's all about the looking at this product. Now, I kind of understand it's more about the design in terms of the illustration. So we need an image explaining this. What? How do we do that? Let's look at some of these images here. And how do we explain gender gender neutral design? So going to organized throughout premium quality construction for some where we're keeping I'm not sure about this image. Let's re let's rework this image I hold. Like, like this image to be about the gender neutral design, especially the the clean design and illustration that fits both genders, so whoever is buying the product is buying the product. They don't have to worry about the baby being born, either girl or a boy. Okay, so that's a hypothesis, an idea that we can because that's the that's the benefit, I guess, is when Kat, when if I was to buy this for my friend, that's, you know, she's a mom to be I'll be concerned whether I'm buying, I'm buying the right type of design. So this is, this could be an interesting image to handle this aspect. Let's look at more ideas here. And these are kind of about, like, not crazy. I'm not crazy about these song I'll keep generating. And this is how I go through how I go usually, through the process of coming up this hypothesis. I go back and forth from between my my research, my my checklist. I look at the listing I try. I'm trying to clearly understand what are the benefits and features of the product, and I basically work with AI to come up with hypotheses and ideas of how we can do, how we can improve the listing. And there's one thing that maybe some of you haven't realized is I haven't looked at competitor's listing for once at any point, and there's a reason for it. The reason for it is, I don't like to be influenced by other competitors, because a lot of times we look at competitors and we think something's cool, or something makes sense, and we are influenced, and that's what we do, and we end up copying one another. So I think, you know, once we finish, it's, you know, we can look at competitors and see if we missed something. But the first thing I usually focus is, you know, a checklist and making sure that you know in terms of conversion at we went through this and then clearly understanding the product benefits and features, my, my, my, AI analysis and re drafting ideas based on that.

Speaker  808805:20
Oh, yeah. One thing, Dorian, we have about 15 minutes left for our call, and so right now you're doing a lot of hypothesizing and then coming up with images, and this is through your software, right? The Keplo software, yes. So then if members wanted to do this, if they sign up for the mastermind, is that the one? Is it the monthly one, or is it a different package where they could then do the same process with the software?

Speaker  818000:00
Good question. Or is

Speaker  818416:00
this your internal tool?

Speaker  819536:00
So we basically what I have, this conversion club. If anyone's interesting, there's actually MDS discount 20% it's MDS 20 and we have about 50 brands at the moment. And what we do is, I share all the things that I I build, I work on. We have weekly live sessions. And so you can we do calls like this. When we go through listings, everyone gets a monthly conversion report for one ASIN. You get access to all the tools and credits. And we also talk, we also have this AI Academy. We talk about a lot of things in terms of, like aI flows, and anything conversion and AI, to be honest, that's, that's, that's the club. So if anyone's interesting, you can head to keplo.com, conversion club, and the discount is MDS 20.

Speaker  836320:00
And we're going to give two months free to someone at the end of this call. So we will be, we will be doing that at the end. Okay, so I just want to let you know we have about 15 minutes. So how to I know, like, right now, we're going through your kind of, your thought process, and then it's a lot of using AI to quickly come up with ideas, and then seeing how it looks. And, yeah, it's pretty cool to see. Okay, keep going.

Speaker  843482:40
Yeah, exactly. So I'm just, I'm coming up with ideas, and I'm saying, Okay, what works, what makes sense, in terms of layout. I like this. I love this layout. I think this is a beautiful layout. So maybe, you know, that's, you know, we have known something about the hard cover. I love this angle. You know, when we talk about hard cover, where was this? Where was this? Sorry, what was this image here? Protective hard cover, right? So when we were talking about this, I would love an image. I think that would be beautiful to show something like this. Maybe the design is not the same with gold, but, you know, like this angle would, which would what you would do. It showed me that it's not, it's thick, it's protective, and we, you know, hard coverage, like that. This is what I mean. Show me. Don't tell me. And you see this, there's not much text. I go through this and I quickly understand thick paper, not bleed through hard cover, right? This is obviously AI issue here. I would remove this, but look how simple this is like. There's not much to it. Not much premium quality construction, which obviously also helps us with the one of the mentions of purchase barriers, which is, you know, concerned about quality. But when I look at obviously here we we have recorded these nine months for your future child to read, keep your Sonogram photo here. So one thing that we missed in here is the Sonogram photo. So I would probably put this somewhere here. What I can do here include Sonogram photo. Front Cover

Speaker  873125:20
was it called Dorian. Do you think it's we have time for you to do one more listing on a different niche and just do a high level one, not as in detail with the software, because we don't have time. But do you think you could do one other high level one that someone presented? It's just it's a totally different niche. So I'm interested to see hear your thoughts,

Speaker  877850:40
yeah, yeah. Drop me a link.

Speaker  878538:40
It's in the chat, right? It's in the chat right now. The person, I think, requested twice, so I think they're very motivated, very motivated. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker  882512:00
okay, let me do a quick test, much of scope the hair before, after, just compounding, was this hair Powered by plant based nutrients? Can GRE.

Speaker  891045:20
Okie dokie in terms of listing before and after, nurtured scalp for the hair. So this is a treaty tab, rosemary, water spray for hair growth, fermented rice. So I guess a lot of people have concern about so you have, you probably have two types of customers. I call them tourists, and a purist tourist is sorry, the purist is someone that knows what fermented rice water is. So they what they're going to do is they're going to come to this listing and they going to compare your product to five other ones, because they know what they want. So your job to in terms of the purest is to convince them that this is the best product. And when they're comparing the products, and the tourist is someone that's looking for hair growth solution, and they land on your listing, and they see fermented rice, and they know nothing about this. So that's me. So you have two types of so in terms of like the tourist customer, the first thing I would like to know is, what this rice, what rice water for her is, obviously, this is the main benefit, not full of hair before and after. I'm I'm okay. I mean, it's an interesting image, but, but I'm not sure if it's, it's answering my question. I would like to know straight away what fermented rice water is, to be honest, nurture scalp, volumizes hair powered by plant based nutrients, doubles as everything. river right hair mist. I think too much lifestyle image we don't need such a big lifestyle image here, I would like to dive a little bit more.

Speaker  922658:09
What you mean again, I still don't know what rice water is say for sensitive skin, clean ingredients, natural fragrance, fancy pH, no residue. I think this is good. I'm not sure if this is the best image for it. I think what you could do here is, you know, a little bit more over this is, this is probably the image that I would use here. Inspires length nurses come boost volume. And this is a little bit catered. We have, you know, I need to jump around and trying to figure out you have coffee. Here you have, this is this vice both not looking great. Rice Rosemary blends. We have rosemary here, but you're talking about Rosemary here. So this is really hard to decode. Rice water. Okay, so here's I'm getting what rice water is, inspires length, nourishes the scalp, strengthens and enhances shine and stopness. Caffeine boost volume and helps build resilience. I think this is a very important image, but I'll, and this is something that I'll probably put as an image two or three, but I would simplify it, really simplify it, because this gives me idea of what the ingredients are and what rice water is. So I think this is a very important image, but execution and the placement is bad. Complete your routine, cleanse and nurture technique. So these are definitely different products that you have that's a very interesting way to to to promote these. I think this is good. Again, the execution could be better. I think this is not looking great in terms of the rise the roles. I simplify this fresh look, same formula, so you updated the packaging that makes sense. Main Image rosemary and rice water. So you've made a little so what you've done here is you've created a beautiful packaging but, but it's not very e commerce friendly because of the Legibility of the text, and hence, what have to kind of zoom in a little, what? It's a nice design in terms of a package. And I love that you use this purple color because it stands out against white background. So I think a very interesting main image you take in a state of the entire page. I think what you can do here is you can simplify your back kind of the back label. We don't need to know everything here. I don't need direction, because I'm going to get this product. So what I'll probably use this, this label for is very simple. You know, benefits, you know, 1234, something that I can scan quickly through, because I'm not going to read this. I think this is clever, but just simplify this. What are the three benefits of this? Or four ingredients? I think you have a lot of estate here. They can really use, use to, like, test three, four

Speaker  975762:09
things to capture

Speaker  976002:09
attention on the search page here.

Speaker  976583:29
I love that idea. Thank you. And yeah. And I think, you know, if you these are some, some of some, some of my, my inside, I'll have to dive deeper. But, you know, we can ask people, you know, in this group, also, I love asking people about, you know, giving me, giving me, giving insights. And, like, what, the, what I usually do is, if I, if I was, if I was a seller. And we did this exercise on in our conversion club, is we, someone shows a listing, and then we ask everyone about one, like, two things, what's the best can you get? What do you know? What's the main benefit of my product by looking at your listing, and number two, is there anything confusing? Something confusing you listing? These are the two most important thing in terms of conversion. Can you get my benefit quickly? Is there anything confusing you? So that's, that's kind of the the two things I'm looking at here is, is it clear enough, and, and is, is there some confusing stuff? So, yeah,

Speaker  994695:29
so that's a quickly, just quick, high level walk through this. Thank you. Yeah, how about the a plus, really quick.

Speaker  999884:49
Okay, so you have a seamless a plus. So what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to see this and because it's definitely a product that is definitely a product that is probably selling a

Speaker  1003602:09
lot through on mobile. So I'm going to check out your mobile a plus, yeah, nourish your style is ingredients come on.

Speaker  1007778:09
Very text, heavy, simplify this. Definitely simplify Rosemary blend. Why Rosemary blend? I need three words. Why have you used bland fermented rice? I just need three words. Why you've used fermented rice? Cough, same with this. Help you pull the looking hair in just four weeks. Amazing. That's, that's a great,

Speaker  1014860:49
great piece of copy. Did we have this in the listing? I was gonna say that needs to go on your main image on the thing. Have a call out, or like a badge with another color, saying, fuller hair in four weeks. You're gonna increase your

Speaker  1018556:49
click through rate by a ton by having that in there. Yeah, and you have even so you have, based on the four week independent study of 30 part like, this is powerful. Like, I don't know why you don't have this in the listing. This so powerful, and you should lead with this, to be honest. And then you have a video

Speaker  1024562:09
product. To

Speaker  1025191:28
manufacture, yes, why did you put this here?

Speaker  1027063:29
Um, yeah, we just had like, kind of different versions, and we don't want to get negative reviews of people saying, Oh yeah, my version doesn't exactly match the image, and also because we've been AB testing different images, so we will update the image, but we're not going to update the packaging unless we know the image is more effective, right? So we might be changing words and stuff before we actually make packaging updates.

Speaker  1034044:49
So just a disclaimer to reduce negative reviews. Have you ever gotten a negative review from someone saying, hey, the packaging different than the actual product? Because I've never heard of someone leaving a review

Speaker  1037218:09
for that. I don't think people remember by the time they get their their problem. Yeah, I think before we had a pretty big change, like it was just like the the product name was quite different, and we got some people complained. They're like, confused. They're like, Wait, actually, I ordered this instead. Can at least get it exchanged. And it didn't turn into a negative review, but it

Speaker  1043463:28
was kind of a hassle for like, customer service and stuff, and we just didn't want it to get worse. Okay, if you're doing a big change, like an update in terms of branding or name, I understand it, but if you, if it's in my things, what you're doing here, you just introduced a purchase barrier, and you just confuse me a little bit. So I would, I would look at, I would look at this, and you saying, what we're saying is I might not get the same ingredients.

Speaker  1050652:48
So for me, like, that's, that's a conversion killer straight away

Speaker  1051570:08
here, right? Yeah, God, take that out. Yeah. So you just, you just confuse me. It's like, okay, if I'm gonna order this, you might, I might get different ingredients and a different bucket. So actually, I might get completely bad. So, so that's, that's the thing, yeah. But over, over, other than that, other than that, good, yeah, and yeah, as I said this, this is a really big selling point, so lead with this in the listing and just simplify it, other than that. Good branding. I like your branding. The color, good choice of colors. And, you know, nice packaging. What I will do is just now simplify it. Start simplifying copy and images. And, you know, just find the main things that people are interested about. And just the last thing that I want to show to everyone, one exercise that I love doing is we'll announce, this is quite powerful. That helped us increase conversion on so many listings. I love running these ranked poll tests on product pinion. Not sure

Speaker  1070178:09
who's aware of these, but let me just quickly, are these different than like in the last presentation, someone was heavily using intelli VY.

Speaker  1072359:28
Is it very similar? Is it something completely different this you're doing? I'm not sure of having this intelli VY. So maybe, you know, intelli VY has the same thing. But what I love doing is, I love running these ranked pole tests. So what's a ranked pole test? What we basically is we're showing our stack listing images, and we're asking the shoppers to rank them from the most important image that would entice them to buy the product. Then we asked, we asked them to to comment on every single image. What? What are the things they like and dislike? And what it does? It does three things for us. One is, it's telling us what, what are the main benefits that people were, you know, are interested in and that would entice them to buy. So it's going to give us an order of images on the listing. So that's one. The second thing is, it's going to give us some insight in terms of what else can we improve in those images, right? And then also what is not, what's not important to them and what we need to work on, right? So, why? Why? Why is that not important to them? So this is a very powerful test, and

Speaker  1092759:29
something that we do quite a lot when trying to increase conversions.

Speaker  1094956:49
So then Dorian, Dorian, so as we Gary and the call, we spent a lot of time with the hypothesize, right? And now you're running so then you would test, when you test for clients, right? Let's say we come up with these hypotheses. We use AI. We come up with cool ideas. We think we improve different ways. Now you want to test it. Do you do these like product pinion and Tel Aviv and trust that data? Do you change the main image on Amazon and just watch? Do you do a manager experiments on Seller Central? Just explain to us now on the testing phase, what's your thought process of how you can test

Speaker  1104018:08
if it works. Now, to make a more effective image, how do you test good question? I never trust these polls. Whether this is pick for product, opinion intelliview. I use them for guidance, as an additional, as an additional source of information and feedback. What? Very rarely, what's going to win there is going to win on Amazon, so you can't trust it, but it's a good source of extra information and feedback. So that's one. What I do then usually is we usually set up managed experiments, and obviously you want to get to quite high statistical significance as soon as possible. So I usually say, if we can't get good 80% statistical significance in three weeks, it's not a good test, I'll kill it. I want to move quickly. I want big wins, you know. So that's one thing that we do, and if you can't, if you can't set up an experiment, or you think something's wrong, or you don't trust it, another you know, what you can do, and we do quite a lot also, is you just update your content, and you just work with your PPC team, because they have really good data in terms of conversion, and click through rate, and they're usually the first one to spot things, whether they're good and bad, and just work with them, You know. And you know, give them, you know, know, if it's you doing this, like, you know, change the content and just watch what's happening. If you see spikes, and you know, these are usually indication that either things are going right or wrong. And then just, you know, measure things. Look at, you know, your your sales, look at your ad performance, you look at your sqp performance. So you can do things manually. The only problem with manual thing is just have in mind that you sometimes, obviously you get these outside factors, you know, you might drop a price on someone's running a deal, and that's going to affect your that's going to affect your numbers, right? So in terms of manage experiments, whatever is happening outside is not affecting your experiment because you have a and b running in parallel. So if you're if your competitor is dropping the price, it's affecting both A and B. So that's a good thing about managed experiments. It's affecting both at the same time. So nothing, it's kind of, it's, you know, it's, it's not affected by outside factors. But when you're doing manual experiments, just have in mind like, Okay, we looked at data. Has anything happened outside of that? If, if it did, if you know if something happened, obviously don't. Don't count that as a winning or losing. Just wait for very clean tests when you have you know some

Speaker  1145420:49
also, like some sort of a confidence that you know this data is clean. So then let's say you run a test, so I think we'll be on final questions, but like, how would you know? So, like, there's other factors, right? So one is, how long do you run a test? Is one to so you can have enough data to determine if something improved. And then two is, is there a statistical significance you look for? Is there an improvement? You look for, where that definitely qualified. Okay, it performed better. If it's like slight you disregard it, because there's other factors.

Speaker  1153319:29
It has to be a certain amount improvement. How do you look at that? Yeah, I would say three weeks. Three weeks, because these are good tests. If you can get good results in three weeks, you've done a good job.

Speaker  1157996:49
And I would say 80% statistical significance is what you want.

Speaker  1159804:49
Okay, okay, cool. Dorian, thank you so much for coming on and with the time difference and being very early you had good energy, considering it was 6am when you're hopping on or 620 I want to do our I want to do our giveaway here. I know some people had to jump off the call because they probably had our initial time went over. So we will include them into this. So I'm going to share my screen, and we're gonna do our we're gonna do our giveaway here. So let me just put quickly people's names. Jinx done. All right. So then this share screen here. Screens this one, okay, can everyone see my screen for a Duck Race? Love it. Yeah, we're good. Okay, here we are set. All right, so now we have everyone here. I'm someone might be, I tried not to put V team members or VAs on this, but some might snuck in. So if they did good for you, but the winner will get two free months of Dorian mastermind, and your sales will go up and your conversions will go up, and then you'll be retired while the rest of us are struggling along. So let us see which duck will win the race. So here we go. Yay, here's the ducks. All right, and okay, we have a winner. Congratulations, Rhett. Yes, Rhett. Is Rhett still on the call to ask in the glory of the Duck Race? Oh, God, it looks like he left. Okay, okay, well, Rhett, congratulations, Rhett, yes,

Speaker  1193116:49
yeah, we'll work on Rhett's conversions and click the right, yeah. So Jonathan, just please let right now to, you know, send him my

Speaker  1195314:09
email and we'll get in touch with him. And yeah, exactly, yeah, we'll coordinate it. Thanks everyone for your flexibility. It was a parallel of the wrong time for Dorian and a mishap on a train by me that had us delayed. So thank you for your flexibility. We will improve and get better, but I hope this provided value. We'll probably do another follow up call on this later on, but let's keep the conversation going in the chat, and also, Brian, if you're seeing some of these ideas column as well, or any ideas on it, feel free to post in the group. Hey, we did this, and we saw an increase in the conversion rate. We see sales going up, or click through rate, anything like that is really beneficial. And thank you for being open about sharing your products and ideas so that the group can benefit. But I

Speaker  1208140:49
hope, personally, I hope you really benefit as well with more sales. Yeah, and the one thing, guys, the more you test, the more chances you have doing and I'm not joking. I'm working with brands that haven't been testing for many years, and after three or four months, they're like, Oh my God, I wish I started sooner, like they just got during I didn't realize we can get so much more by, you know, just testing. And they always have

Speaker  1214274:09
the same thing regret that they haven't started earlier. We have a link for feedback in the chat. So please give feedback and you can be honest. Yo, we started late, you know. So feel free to put that in there. And if you have any suggestions or ideas for future calls, please tell me we really want the Asia chapter to be the best chapter. So I think there will be a recording, and they'll be sent out to all members, yep, recording will be available in MTS app. And then, Jason, you're

Speaker  1223436:49
raising your hand so polite. Do you have a question? No, I was not intending to raise my hand my back.

Speaker  1225708:49
Yeah, sorry about that.

Speaker  1226828:49
Cool. All right, everyone.

Speaker  1227458:09
All right, great to see you. We'll talk to you later. Thanks. Jonathan, thanks.

Speaker  1228962:09
Dorian, next month, Bye. Cheers. Bye.
