MDS Mogul Call with Dorian Gorski
Date: March 04, 2026

Speaker  00:00
You. Perina, alright, we're gonna do we have? Did we manage to get the MDS slides ready?

Speaker  1968:00
Right away? We got it.

Speaker  2528:00
Okay, no worries. Thanks for those of you that spotted that, a couple of slides were a little bit out of date. Last week, I was showing you the slides for the wrong the wrong a year abstined A flyer, but hopefully this year, we are a this AK, we are a first one is absorption, to remind you to do the app. So some of the some of the chat channels, have moved to WhatsApp. So logistics, aI have moved to WhatsApp, but there's still a lot of channels on there, but it's great for catching up on the videos and the recordings. So keep an eye on that. You can just listen to them in a car. You can watch them on video. So keep an eye out. Close eye on that. Also great for finding the partner deals as well. Next up, okay, this is the proper, the proper inspire flyer. So you know what you're going to get here is just, you know, a lot of operators, a lot of real business owners that you wouldn't really get to see anywhere else. And you know where we do get people you might recognize from other places. They know, they know they've got to bring the fire. They understand the markets. So you're going to get content like now up now others. You can bring your non MDS friends. So get that booked if you haven't already. I'm sure pretty much everyone in America can fly to Vegas in one flight, right next up, yeah, so that QR code will get you the WhatsApp reminders. It's just a broadcast only channel, so won't cluster up your whatsapp next up. So deal for Keplo. So this will get you access to Dorian AI Club, which has some calls and recordings, some other bits and pieces, as well as plenty of credits for Keplo scraper, which gives you very, very quickly, very good ideas about what to do with your listings. So I think it's $139 full price. So it's 30% off with MDS, I think brings it down to about 111 so make sure you use the code MDS 30. All right, so we'll start the recording from here. Hey, Dorian, welcome back. Good to have you back on the call.

Speaker  40501:20
Thank you, Jamie, always a pleasure.

Speaker  41301:20
So I guess, like, a lot's changing with AI. Are you able? Are you able to keep up on the on the software, or are you mostly focused on, sort of the new features that people ask for, like, how are you developing things both?

Speaker  45002:40
Actually, it's, well, the speed, speed is inside. It's also it's exciting and tiring at the same time. I can sometimes get into a rabbit hole. But yeah, doing both, to be honest, and I'm happy to show you guys, if you guys are interested in AI, we're going to touch a little bit on that, but yeah, doing both improving the existing stuff and at the same time developing new workflows.

Speaker  52320:00
Yeah, there's a lot of noise in AI, and a lot also just a lot of noise with Amazon in general, but the one thing that across the board, we always find is a good time, is improving things, particularly main image that always seems to be, always seems to be a very, very good ROI on time. So always a popular topic. Yeah.

Speaker  57589:20
So I mean that I know quite a lot of people in MDS and work with Sam and I want to talk about something a little bit more advanced today in terms of conversions. And click through rate organic and paid. Because what I realized you have two types of brands, one where you kind of have someone with two three products, where you can really attention to to the numbers, and then you have a lot of brands with a lot of ASINs, you know, and larger team. And how do you structure your conversion and click through optimization workflow so how to actually, proactively and with a lot of confidence? Keep, you know, get the keep increasing your conversion click through rates. So I think these are the main mistakes that I see, guessing what to change, copying competitors, not knowing best practices, trusting whatever AI software or random expert tells you, obsessing all the reviews and review analysis, making changes with no plan, refusing to touch products that do Okay, your best sellers, that's a big one, and trying to fix conversion problem by throwing more money at the paid traffic. So these are the main things that I usually see. So today I will show you a workflow, which is basically a lot of my best practices from the past 13 years with actually a lot of data and a little bit of AI. So I'll show you how to actually use AI to help you with some of those workflows. So my conversion click through workflow is you have sqp, so that data plus biases study what actually converse and prioritize roadmap with baselines. So top five questions, what does the product do? And what is it for? So whoever is working on your conversion and click through rate, whether this is you or someone within your team, they have to deeply understand the product. So they have to be educated. Where are we losing clicks and conversions? So we're going to touch on that, how to hide, how to identify what shoppers not buying. That's a big one, right? What are the purchase barriers? What are women, what the winners in our category are doing differently or better? What should we fix first and why? So prioritizing. So the whole workflow is systematic to help you or your team to be proactive in terms of click through, rates and conversions. So it's a simple process a little bit more probably in depth to what you guys are used to. So first, it always starts with product knowledge, then find the gap. So here we're going to talk about SQP analysis, PPC, cross reference, review, analysis, a little bit competitive intelligence, Teardown, Ruys queries. And how about building the plan and testing so baseline snapshot, how to create a brief and it's kind of like a loop system where you constantly want to improve. So here's an example Asin. So first thing always deeply, deeply understand your product, what the features benefits? Well, especially someone that's working with your team, they need to have access and be educated in terms of product features and benefits. So you should all have your product master list that has literally everything, as much data about the product as possible. And what I love also, I like with some when the actually the brand owner, whoever developed the product, kind of leave a note. Also, this is why I've developed this product. This is who is it for. It always helps with the whole thing to get a kind of perspective from the founder as well. It just makes the whole thing better. So you have to document everything. The worst thing is, when I have people coming to me and say, Oh, the main image is bad. It needs to be replaced. So we want to get rid of this type of approach. When I say the main image is not focused on the main benefits and future. It's not communicating the product's unique selling points. It's not converting for these specific keywords. We can see it from data. Here's the data. So whatever, someone's coming to us and says, Oh, we just need to revamp the listing, because it's not looking good. But why? What? Exactly? What's the data? So we want to get rid of this type of, like, very, very bland opinions. So let's talk about the first thing that I love is search query performance. Why? Because it gives you, gives us a lot of insight in terms of conversions and click click through rates, so we can actually see how we how we are doing in terms of relevant keywords compared to the market. So if you know if a conversion is we have a gap for a relevant keyword, that's an opportunity. Same with click through rate. So I'll give you now example of our own internal software. Basically, it kind of works that way. So I'll show you roughly when, whenever I get a client the first and kind of work on the conversion and click the right. The first thing I want to know is, let me just break it down into like SQP. That's the first thing. Let's see for which keywords you should be getting clicks or conversions, but you're not. And what's important? Obviously, they need to be relevant, cured. So that's usually the first indication of what could be improved, right? Because the worst thing is, if you look at your let's say, holistically, conversions or unit session percentage, you don't really know you might know that you have a problem, but where the problem? Where is it? It could be as simple as like, couple of keywords that you're not converting or not getting click clicks, and you can find out that, that if I'm not getting conversion for that or clicks for that keyword, why is it? Am I not communicating this in the listing? Is that, did I miss out that in the title, should it be in the bullets, right? If I'm getting a lot of sessions and I'm not getting clicks, should my image communicate that keyword and that specific benefit and buy intent differently? So instead of looking at conversion and click through rate as a holistic thing, you break it down, because that's going to help you optimize your listing on a keyword level. So that's SQP is basically your first kind of data point in terms of if I have a problem, and is the problem exactly because you don't want to just especially with top sellers, products that you're doing okay for you, it's you don't want to do go and say, we just should revamp the listing because it's not looking bad, or because the conversion could be a little bit better. You want to pinpoint exactly where the issue is. So obviously you have different type of keyword classifications. You know, high relevance, medium irrelevant. You also have to see based on sessions, and see which ones are going to yield you potentially the most amount of ROI So which ones to tackle first. And actually you can a lot of times, you can see roughly how many sessions, how many clicks. So you can kind of calculate, if I improve this clicked rate here, and I'm going to go above or add market average, roughly, how much will I ROI if we focus on this keyword and this so you can start prioritizing in terms of your conversion, PPC, cross reference, so you can Also look at your you can look your ad performance and see, okay, where are the issues? Where are the issues where we have a high a cost, and you can actually cross reference it with organic so PPC shoppers already clicked on your ad. Let's say they saw your product and search liked it enough, clicked sponsored result and landed on your listing with intent to buy. So these usually have a little bit higher conversions, as we know, but organic shop is browse and compare, right? They scroll through search result, they compare. So they're a little bit more picky. So they usually the simple rule is, if PPC converts, but organic doesn't. The product itself is fine. People just don't buy because your listing is not communicating something. So that's also a really good way of identifying where you have some sort of organic conversion issues, if that gap is significant. So you can actually start cross referencing PPC, so it can be even more detailed in terms of, Okay, do we have organic conversion issue. Where is it exactly? So here's, I'll send you guys this presentation, but here's roughly what the comparison can tell you, customer reviews and purchase barriers. So we have this obsession over analyzing customer reviews, and based in our conversion optimization, just on reviews, because people said this, because said that. Yes, it's important, but bear in mind, it's still an opinion. But I love, what I love about David in the reviews is the let me just go. It's, it's, let me just show you quickly. It's couple of data points that I usually look at. So whenever I look at and start analyzing a listing from a review perspective, I what I love is looking at two things, maybe different product. Let me just find this one,

Speaker  213776:00
the one, the main thing for me always is intent. So people mentioned why they purchased the product, or usage. How do people use the product? So I want to know exactly how people use my product and why they purchased it, because that's another thing that I see in a lot of listings, is we sell a specific product, and we kind of take for granted, this is the reason people buy it, the main reason, and this is, you know, how they use it a lot of times. When you do this review analysis, you might see that there's a disconnect. Actually, my people use my product mostly for this specific reason. And then that's a question should we, you know, should we change our listing to focus more on that specific use that we see people mentioning time and time again? That's why I look at reviews analysis. It tells me like, how do people use my product? What? Why do they buy it? That? Because that then whenever we have someone looking for that specific, specific feature or benefit, and they land on our listing, and they see in the image number two or three, it does x and y, then we match in that buyer intent very quickly. So it's a little bit like going to the shop with I need flip flops for walking around the house. And you walk into the shop and there are literally next to the entrance. It's because they because the shop did their research and realized that a lot of people that go to the shop actually buy flip flops for for walking around the house. So a lot of times, a lot of times, you need to truly understand your customers and why they buy their product and and how they use it, positive and negative. It's usually, for me, it's mostly for product development purposes, but for conversion optimization. You really want to understand why they bought the product and how they

Speaker  242912:00
use it. Yeah. So for those of you that don't know, this is Dorian tool, Keplo scraper. I'm a customer. Quite a few people in MDS use it, but you could probably also do this on Claude or chat GPT to just, you know, download some reviews and stick them in there and ask some questions about this. It's a great, crazy spray eye.

Speaker  248005:20
The other big, big conversion killer is unanswered questions, right? So you can and these days, them from FAQs, from refuse analysis, so I can see basically what Ruys is prompting, and what it tells me is basically one thing, when there's a question that should that is quite frequent, it tells me that you haven't answered it properly in your content. So again, imagine you go into the sorry about these weird scenarios, but imagine you're going to to your to the again to buy your flip flops, and there is no one to answer your questions, and there's nothing on the packaging, so you'll be hesitant to buy. You'll be hesitant because you don't know. So the same with Ruys question, same any kind of FAQs or even questions in reviews, is if we haven't answered the most frequent questions, we're killing conversions. Because I want to know as much as possible about this product, especially if it's an important question a lot of times, why also see that some of these important information are kind of buried in very complex infographics or somewhere at the end of one bullet point. So just have a look through some of these, see which are quite important, and make sure to answer them properly in your listing, because unanswered questions kill conversions, competitive intelligence. So again, you can guys go one thing that a lot also is going to product opportunity explorer. It's a massive, massive kind of library of data. You can go you can do a niche dive, and you can see the niche demographic. You can see the niche keywords. It gives you so much data around the niche you're in, it's going to start painting the picture of who's buying the product even more for you. So if you combine this with your review analysis and the new dive, you're going to see so much data from product opportunity. And you start collect, you start collecting everything, and start making those decisions. So what I'm going through right now is basically a system of collecting all this data. So, and this should be if you, if you're running a, you know, a seven eight figure business, you should do it once every six months, let's say, and just keep a file of this summer, like a master product list and master research, because it's going to give you so much data that it's going to change completely how you think about your business, and how you think about optimizing your business. Same with we can also do a lot of, obviously, competition research. The worst thing I see also is when, when we start with competitive research, it's basically a layer on top of your current research, especially if you've seen okay for these specific chars and this specific search terms, this competitor is doing much better than us, then you can go and see, I kind of check out, what are they doing better than us? And most of the time it's basically they are. They are answering those questions and focusing on those specific keywords. Benefits much better than you. It's just a clarity when I land on your listing and I see exactly what I was searching for. I'm going to convert and I'm going to buy a product, and it's usually that. So you can obviously compare, a little bit of a comparison framework. Here you can you know, what is it that they do it, right? So for example, here, from one of the examples or product examples, we can see that this brand is they have a caffeine badge visible. They they have benefit lead image. We have no dosage. Call out disconnected images, brand name first. So this you can start collecting all this detail and see, like, kind of what they did better, right? What, what information, how they how they prioritize the information, how they prioritize the cure and communication, Ruys, we kind of touched on, on it. So next step will be, will be testing and measuring so and you can, once you start collecting all this data, and you guys are probably some of you are very AI savvy, you can start thinking about, okay, what are the priorities? What are the priorities? So we can look at some of our products and see how they do in terms of conversion gap, about content signal about wasted, spent, what's the current revenue of that product? And and you can start prioritizing, okay, so if we start working on this product right, and what's the confidence, we can start building confidence, what's the potential uplift we can get from that? What's the gap measure? The gap, measure the potential, and what you're going to get is the potential ROI, and you do that for every single product, and what you're going to end up is basically a list of your priorities in terms of click through, rate and conversions. And you can start working from that. This is your priority list. And what do you do then? And these are the metrics that matter. So obviously you need session, percentage, sessions, monthly revenue, BSR, SCP, click through rate versus market, PPC, ACOS, PPC conversions, keywords below the market. So these are the metrics that really matter, and tell you roughly compared to your current revenue. Where are the biggest opportunities? And how do we prioritize? So this is the priority. And again, if you want to kind of reverse engineer something like this, I'm showing you here, it basically is this, what's your data strength? Okay, that's 40% have we collected enough data? How many sources? If it's just an opinion, one, you know, because the main image is not looking good, that's not a strong data this is your main thing that's going to drive your workflow, click through, rate and conversion workflow. So data strength, 30% impact. So what's the revenue opportunity here, if we, if, if we change this product, if you bump up those conversions by 2% our $5 million SKU, versus 30% of our $50,000 SKU, you start, you start seeing the impact where we should be focusing. So a lot of times, brands are scared to work on the top sellers. But because of this workflow, you don't have to start revamping the whole thing. You can look at one thing at a time. Okay, why are we not converting for this specific keyword? Is there something disconnected in the listing? Is that information somewhat buried, or is it missing? So for your top sellers that are doing quite a lot, that's a process. That's a process where you can gradually start increasing click through and conversion. So what's the impact on the revenue? Is it 2% on a $5 million sq? Great. That's your priority. How hard to implement? So effort? Do we need to change the entire listing? Do we need to change just the main image? So that's also how you prioritize and then speed as well. And that kind of gives you an idea of the priorities in terms of click through and conversion. Here's quite important fix the yq back at first. So go after I always say, go after conversion first and then fix your click through rates. You're going to get good results if you fix your main image, don't get me wrong, it's fixing main image a lot of times, yields good results. But imagine if you fix the conversion first and then you fix the old click through rate. So fix the leaky bucket first. It's a little bit like, again, my stupid stories. Imagine you have a beautiful from outside the restaurant. People walk in, a lot of them walking in, but turns out, is selling a crappy pizza, so you're going to have a leaky back well.

Speaker  379130:40
So this would be assuming that you have a listing that's not converting well, or have a good main image,

Speaker  381082:40
yeah. Well, yes,

Speaker  381386:40
both need fixing. You would start with the listing, yeah.

Speaker  382266:40
If both need to fix it, you start with the listing, and then you then, once you figure out the conversion, then you can, you know, start working on your own sessions. And PPC is really ad spend is usually the last one. Honestly, if everything, if organically, we're doing really well, you just put gasoline on the fire. So that's how I you fix those. You fix those in this kind of order. So I would say, you know, first get the biggest conversions, barriers, one second, title, main bullets. Then you can PPC. You can relaunch PPC based on your new data measure. And you can start refining even further. And it's kind of like a loop system where you keep tracking the data, where you see what kind of changes you've made on per keyword basis, looking at ads, organic, paid and for example, in this specific one, we found that, you know, 16 of 24 kilos were below Monohydrate average, PPC converted way better than organic. Number one barrier was caffeine sensitivity, which we haven't mentioned a lot in the in the listing. Second barrier that we realized was no visible result expectations people needed the proof to be a little bit more, you know, to have a little bit more confidence. Competitors show dosage budgets on Main images, images we didn't and we had three major Ruys queries unanswered. So you can start looking as you can start seeing these things. They can slowly, slowly start improving. Instead of thinking, let's just revamp our listing. Let's just do a main image. And by doing this, you're going to be way more successful. And if you build this pipeline in into your operations, and you're going to teach people how to do this and start collecting this data that's going to completely change how you think about about your business. And yeah, that's, that's basically my the workflow. It's a little bit more advanced. There's obviously a lot of pieces of data where, these days, you can do a lot with AI. As you guys know, we have MCPS here and there. We have a lot of APIs from Amazon, so you can pull a lot of that data yourself, and you can start, start, you know, collecting all of this. The main thing is, as I said, always start, always start with data, start collecting as much as possible, and then make decision based on that, rather than opinions or just reviews, because it's going to give you a much, much better results long term,

Speaker  428682:40
right, guys. So any questions, feel free to put them in the chat, or you can put your hand up and I'll come to you can ask the question live, so just while we wait questions to come in. So with the with the version of Keplo scraper. I've got about half of the stuff that you said, I can do quickly, just, you know, within half an hour with by putting an ASIN in there. So that's, you know, the titles, suggestions, the image suggestions, bullets, that a plus all of that kind of stuff. But a lot of this looks like I would need to go into Seller Central and look stuff up or get it from another software. But then I saw you've got, like, extra stuff. Is this extra feature is going to be rolled out soon? Like, is it going to be, like, I'm going to connect it to Seller Central so that I can see straight away? Like, is there a difference between PPC conversion and

Speaker  442938:40
regular conversion. Yeah, there's something like this is something I'm currently building. It's at the moment, it's in beta for our biggest clients, and we just use it to this was usually our process, but we did a lot of this stuff manually, as you said, go into SCP, collecting all this data. So, and this is going back to your initial question, Jamie, how are you improving the new stuff working on you? Yes. So basically, keep improving the existing workflows and building new ones which are a little bit more in depth, a little bit more streamlined. And yes, this, this probably available to the public, probably sometime this year, but a lot of this time stuff, if you're very AI savvy, you can probably do it and do it yourself, if you know and understand the process that I was just talking about. Yeah.

Speaker  457365:20
I mean, most of the metrics shouldn't be too hard to work out, if you can navigate your way around Seller Central. And if you, if you're not quite sure where to find it, you can just put it into chat, GPT or whatever, and I can tell you, tell you where to find the stuff. But obviously, now I've gotten used to just putting an ASIN in and clicking

Speaker  462442:40
any amount of work,

Speaker  464298:40
going lazy. I'm getting lazy now. Alright, so we've got a question a scar is asking. Are you using intellivial product opinion surveys for initial research, or you focusing on data from Amazon? Yeah, so don't just tell us you know what, you're doing for polling, where it fits in. Tell us about that

Speaker  471077:20
good question. So in terms of polling, I usually do it the later stage. And there's one test that I love doing, product, pin let me just log in quickly. Here's the here's the trick. I look polling is good, as long as you know what to poll, how to poll, and do it at the right stage. Because it's still an opinion. It's still whatever you're using, pickful intelliview product being it's still an opinion of 100 people. But if you're doing, if you're selling, I don't know something that's making me and you have so many sessions, right? 160 sessions and 3000 impressions. This data point tells me way more than this, it's just another layer. So what this is obviously quantitative, so it will tell you a lot, but not too much. At the same time, I use this for more qualitative research. So what I love about product pinion is, for example, doing, doing rank tests. So once, once, let's say once, we go through the entire process here, okay, we've done everything, we've measured, we know what to fix. And I get content from my team, and I say, Okay, what's the last step that we can do to make sure that this is the most successful test that we can do, not to waste too much time. No one likes manage experiments. No one's to spend money on the design and to find out that it's not working. So what I do, and this is the only test I do, only test I don't do main image tests with with any of these tools. I don't do any any things. This is the only test I do, and it's a product business called ranked poll. So what it does it? I put the final test here, I put all the images, and I asked people, Okay, which of these images would convince you most to buy this product and tell me why, what you do you like about them and you what you don't like about them, about them. And so what this test tells me is few things. One is roughly tells me what the order of images should be. Again, take it with a grain of salt. This is probably like 30 to 40% of your decision here. It's not the final thing, but it gives you another layer. Okay, so I know I roughly what they what really, what they really care about, like, what gets them to click and think, like, Oh, this is the product I want to get. So gives me the order of images the most important, but also shows me the images that are not that quite important, and maybe it's something that, Oh, I thought that was the most important image. So you can start finding out things like, Okay, what do they like about this image, and what they do not like about that image, or they might have found something confusing, or copy confusing, or the feature they don't get it. So what it does is then gives me additional layer of kind of like 100 people looking at the lesson and try to figure out, do they get it? You know, do they get it? Have we confused them a little bit? So I can Resende it back to the team then and say, guys, like this copy here, they don't get it. Or, like, this feature here, like they don't get it. Oh, this is, like, they not taking this seriously, like, we've overdone it, like. So it gives me like, 100 opinions. And I look at this and I think, does this make sense? Oh, yeah, it makes sense. We like, we messed up copy here, like they don't get it. So gives me another layer before I launch my test. And that's the only, really the only time I use polls.

Speaker  536725:20
So if you've got a main image that you think is better based on your own judgment and what the reviews have been asking for. Will you just run it in an Amazon experiment right away, or just make it live right away? Or would you sometimes run a poll? What's, what's your decision making process once you've got a main image that you're happy with?

Speaker  542218:40
I usually, I usually, if I'm confident, I usually just upload it. These days, we especially with really experienced art teams within companies, they usually pick up, pick up, whether this is doing better or worse, within few days. They know they get the data very quickly. So usually work with them and say, guys be launching a new main image. Can you just track data? What's the Can we get a baseline before any changes that we should be aware of? Let's just, is this good time to launch a test? And they say, yes, okay, Dorian, or no, let's wait one more week, because we're running a deal. And if it's clear, let's swap the image. Can we track it for a few days? And they're usually the ones to pick up very quickly. Order in this you know, we're not getting clicks for this order, and this is like fire now, you know, getting a lot of clicks, getting good conversions. So that's number one. Number two is, obviously you can do your Manage experiments, if you don't have such a capable ads team, then just run manage experience. But to answer, I usually, I usually just go straight to to Amazon.

Speaker  561392:00
And is that partly because you found that sometimes the polling will suggest you shouldn't run something when you actually should? Or because, yeah, what is it so? Oh, so sometimes polling is people are just nitpicking for the sake of the poll, the right target market for the product,

Speaker  567045:20
and it could, it could kill a good idea.

Speaker  568229:20
So if you weren't sure about it, would you run the poll? But you would still, you would look more at what they're saying rather than the actual result.

Speaker  570165:20
Yeah, so I wouldn't, that's a good point. So it's what you could do if you want to. It's just look at the opinion and see, pick up things like what I just mentioned. Like, it's something confusing. The way I would do it, actually, and sometimes do is maybe test packaging and see what information they're picking up and what they can quickly grasp So, like a five second test, like a 10 second test, and see if what we've created communicates clearly what we're trying to but I wouldn't, necessarily. I would actually never based my test idea on poll results.

Speaker  582261:20
Are you normally skipping Amazon experiments as well, or do you still run them under certain circumstances?

Speaker  584085:20
5050 these days. 5050 depends.

Speaker  585765:20
And if you're is just ones you're less confident about, you just want to see if, maybe if it's quite a big change,

Speaker  587866:40
yeah, yeah. So if it's something, if it's a big change, I would probably actually know if it's a big change the way it's honestly, it's a very weird answer, but I would make a decision knowing how capable the team is I'm working, I'll prefer to go straight out, or usually I prefer to bypass manage experiments. If I have confidence with the team that we can all work together to read the data and everyone knows what they got is going on, because why it's good allow allows me and my team to work much faster and get results much quicker. So we can iterate and get to the results much faster, I guess.

Speaker  598757:20
Yeah, polling and Amazon experiments does slow everything down, obviously, and as the cost of the polling and adds a lot more complexity, right? Yeah, you could, if you could probably test four or five different ideas in the time that it would take to do a poll and then an Amazon or Amazon experiments can take like,

Speaker  605050:40
two weeks, can't they? Yeah? Well, yeah, they can. You

Speaker  605578:40
could have already just tested three or four different things.

Speaker  606378:39
They could take two weeks, but only if your sessions are hard, and only if the difference between a and b is significant. But if you have a million dollar SKU, and I can within a month, I can test 10 main images rather than one through managed experiments every single week. It's a lost ROI. So if I can get to the results quite quickly, I can just keep on going. Okay, what's the next thing bullets? What's the next thing title? What's the next thing a class? So it's all about speed. Have you said a

Speaker  614645:19
quick question? What was the name of the poll on product pinion, the one for the order of images,

Speaker  616309:20
rank test.

Speaker  616949:20
Rank test, 10% off product pinion. They are an MDS partner, by the way, guys. So if you do sign up for them, make sure you get your 10% off. Yeah, yeah, Addie, are you also using that to inform the order in which you're going to put the images in the image tag?

Speaker  621562:40
Yes, as I said, I take it with grain, grain of salt. I usually look at it and see, is this something that we're completely opposite. We are expected. And it's at that point, it's a little bit of a judgment call. You have to go back to your data and see, okay, what are the priorities in terms of our, you know, our conversions, our keywords with the highest amount of session. And just take that layer, that on top of it, and this honestly like a test like this. In terms of order, it should weigh about 20 to 30% in terms of your final decision.

Speaker  632645:20
Do you find that working on a plus is is worth it once you've sorted everything out, or is could you potentially once you've got a reasonable a plus, just just stop optimizing it.

Speaker  635914:40
That's a good question. I was in the I was in the team of a plus, leave it till the end the whole last year. But recently we did few A pluses, and they just took off we and the thing is, they were already good, like the previous one already, but, but what we did is literally went through this experiment, this process, and, you know, layered on top of it, things like, Okay, what is Ruys picking up? Is this in the Do we have proper FAQs? Is this mobile optimized? And we just went through, like, a more in depth process for a plus, and suddenly, 10 20% more conversions, and we're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. So yeah, so I would say A plus. I am in the in the team these days where a plus can definitely, definitely help.

Speaker  650373:19
Is that, because if you're on mobile, and you scroll down, you don't actually see the image stack. You just go, it just shows you a plus. Yeah, is it that it's for the mobile? It's for people on mobile, right?

Speaker  653722:40
Yeah, this whole, like, we can do the whole thing on a plus. I have some good case studies and strategies, but I would say everything matters, especially if you're doing high volumes. 2% here, 3% here, it all starts to add up.

Speaker  658736:00
And for a plus, will you generally just report repeating the same kind of pictures in the same kind of images as the image stack? No, no, no,

Speaker  661632:00
no, it's I have a good guys. I have a good I think, let me find it, because I think I have a good, a plus master. Let me just send you. So if someone's interested in there's no conversion club, there's there's whole video also on that approach. But if you go to stand store Keplo, it's free. You can get kind of like a master class on on a plus content. And if you're in conversion club, there's a whole video and training on that, on that new approach I'm just talking about. So anyone

Speaker  672304:00
could click and get the a plus content thing for quick, for free.

Speaker  673312:00
Yeah, this is free. So you can just get, there's main images, cloud card, if you guys want. And here, also, if you got interested in this specific presentations I was just going through. It's also, it's all free here, so you can get all of this few things here that you can guys browse and get for free.

Speaker  679717:20
All right, any more questions, put them in a chat. If you guys want to ask stuff about AI, this is like slightly off topic. Then then go for it. Are you using open claw at the moment, or are you still trying to do everything within Claude

Speaker  684170:40
code, it's a mixture of things. For for I use, usually NH, N and cloud code, I use Na, and especially for data, if you do if you're running your data, especially big amounts of data, through cloud or through GPT or Gemini, you are going to get answers. But one thing that you don't realize, and we've tested this a lot, they will look good and they'll make sense, but a lot of times, AI will just fill in the gaps to make them look like they making sense, but they not the accurate data.

Speaker  695733:20
It's just making a best guess, slash

Speaker  696261:20
telling it's making the I think that we run, we run couple of tests and analyzing big data from Amazon just through AI Claude, 60% of the data was just filled in. And like the margins were, like it got it quite close, like, here 20% more to hit 20% less. But then we run, kind of like a data analysis audit through that, and turns out 60% of that analysis was just made up. So Cloud is good for like, coming up with flows and helping you build things, but if you're handling data, what you really want is hard coded structure, and that's where n 8n comes in. You don't want to use AI at all. You just want to get the data and then analyze it through Python code or Java and close, God can help you write the hard coded pieces of of code to analyze the data, because this will never break and this will never lie. It's like math, you know, the data comes in. What do we want from this? We want the, you know, the highest, the highest sessions, keywords from that you don't want AI to you don't need AI, and you don't want AI for that, all you need is a piece of code that basically filters through and gets you that and moves it to the next okay, what's the next step? What's the next so you don't, in terms of data handling, you don't use AI pretty much at all.

Speaker  720976:00
So AI just helps you build either like a custom tool or just flows in any 10 Yes, you don't want to be typing into Claude and ASIN. Things question from June, how are you storing your data?

Speaker  724960:00
Yes, you can store the data currently is really super base. So just store all the data. Make sure that your database is clean. Make sure that it makes sense. Things can be referenced, because times that's you know, the more data you store. And you can train the models. You can you can start, you can start creating forecasts. You can start seeing some sort of patterns. But, yeah, you can basically connect your end to whatever you use in Azure AWS super base. So always, always store the data somewhere.

Speaker  736090:40
Is there anything else that you've noticed from other clients that you've worked with, or other audits you've done, listings you've worked on, that's changed, or any other sort of new insights that you've had?

Speaker  739888:00
What has changed? It's a good question. Not much has changed

Speaker  742421:20
are the videos on the listings. Do they do they make a big difference on conversion?

Speaker  744069:20
Yes, yes, they still do. I think there is the biggest, the best, the best brands that did really well, that work with they just, they were just obsess about everything, every single detail, and optimize every single thing. I think there's a lot of chatter about refuse optimization these days. Truth be told, if your listing is optimized for conversions and is providing all the information that customers want and need, you're already optimized for refuse. So that's one thing that I can tell you, other than that,

Speaker  755536:00
did you have a Rufus slide? Because I did have a couple of questions on that. Yeah, yeah. Just go back to that, because I can remember we did spend. I can remember I did spend some time trying to optimize these Rupert's questions. But I've never really heard from anyone saying that it's made any difference to their to their sales. So okay, so this is the sort of thing that someone would find out from either your tool or or their own, their own using AI themselves. Yeah, so, so basically, it's saying that these three questions aren't answered in listings.

Speaker  766410:40
Yeah, yeah. And so the question for you, then really is, which ones matter and which ones don't? Sometimes you get ridiculous questions from roofers. It's just looking at them and seeing, okay, does this like is this question really important for customers to make a decision? And a lot of times, what you can do is, if I go here into review analysis and then look at usage patterns, and I see how people use the product and why they buy it, and I see, okay, there's a lot of questions about this specific feature, and I see a lot of people actually use this product for, you know, for this specific reason, and we're not answering that, that's like, a, you know, red flag here, like, Oh, guys, like, we should answer this in the listing, or are we or is it partially answered, or is it hidden somewhere? So that's how I use Ruys for, like, finding out whether there is a mismatch and there's, like, a disconnect between our listing and what customers are looking for.

Speaker  785312:00
So I'm guessing that obviously, for a question like that, something like that, you're thinking, okay, that probably needs to be in the title or the first bullet and the main image, or the second image, and the other things probably want to appear somewhere in the listing. So that means one that people looking at listing will have the question answered. And two, if someone was on Rufus asking about your listing or other listings, Rufus would then have that information as an extra bonus,

Speaker  792773:20
yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a decision to like. Again, we can go back to SQP and see okay, which are in terms of keywords, which are quite important, a lot of sessions. So if there's something to do with caffeine, for example, and we get, let's say there's something like, let's say this is a some sort of a supplement that has caffeine, and we see we have a lot of sessions, but the conversions are 50% below, okay, since let's say this is some sort of a nootropic with caffeine, and we see something to do with caffeine is 50% below the market, then I'm going to go here and see number one Rufus. Question is, how much caffeine is in each serving, right? And then I go through my reviews and see like people use it instead of coffee, and I go, Oh, crap, that's why we're not converting for that keyword. Because there isn't we're not being clear enough in the listing. Let's fix that. It has high sessions. You know, it's one of our main benefits. Is it buried? Is it not clear enough? Like, are we not focusing on this enough? How about we put it on a main image, the exact big amount of caffeine, right? Let's try that. So that's how I use it. It's just layer on top of layer.

Speaker  813066:40
And if something was like a sort of tertiary, you know, less important question, but somebody might want to know, could you make, would you then maybe just stick it into the Q A stack, or the product description, or something like that. Yeah.

Speaker  816592:00
And that's where a plus, it comes in handy. And you asked me that question, do you just repeat the same thing in a plus? Now you go through the secondary stuff, you go, okay, in the listing image number one, two and three are the most important. Let's look at some of these, like medium relevancy, that still have quite a lot of session. Let's look at some of these questions that are kind of secondary questions. Can we answer them in the a plus? You know, can we do an FAQ section? Can we do a tile in a plus? For that, let's still get those people in. Let's still, let's still convert them. So that's where a plus comes into place.

Speaker  826901:20
Another question from June, are you doing data cleanups? What do you do to get a clear signal and filter out the noise,

Speaker  829690:40
trying to understand the noise. What would be the noise?

Speaker  831466:40
Sorry you were mentioning earlier that you were getting the raw data from an instead. So you pull it in through your flow, so it's like raw, basically it's not converted. So that could be a massive data set. So how do you use that to filter in your process flow?

Speaker  836176:00
Well, yeah, you get, well, you get a lot of data from SP, API, ads, API, and there's a lot of other API provides you have to you start with the end. So what's the goal? So what do I need? So you start with the end, process the metrics that matter. So I start with this, and I look at the initial data I get, and I said, Okay, what? How do we need to filter it this, you know, this SQP, click through rate versus market, what data matters. Let's get that first, let's get this second, let's get this third, and then, okay, we have all the data filtered. So now the next step is, okay, how we have all the main metrics? Now let's focus on prioritization. Let's filter it even further. Okay, we have ourselves. We have our everything else. Now let's put some logic into it. Okay, now we can start introducing this filter it, and at the end, I am left basically with very simple dashboard which tells me where the opportunities are. So you kind of start with the end and build and start filtering step by step.

Speaker  856469:19
All right, any more questions? Let me know, but just just to wrap up now, so with with Keplo, people are getting access to the tools. So that's the you put an ASIN. It gives you all of those suggestions. You can get 20 of them, which would go 500 reviews deep per month, which is more than I managed to use. You would also they can send one ASIN to you a month, is that right? And you'll send them over a loom, where you look for it and talk through the results. And you'll also get access to the recordings of those lessons, and you have some, you sometimes run some work parties on Thursdays, right as well. Where you, where you have three listings live and chat live. Yeah, cool. So if you guys want to, if you guys aren't in, you want to give it a try, then I put the link in the chat on the MDS partner's page as well. But the code is MDS 30, or for 30% off which I bring, it brings you down to about $111 a month. But, yeah, there's a lot in there. I like it, so I definitely recommend it. Did I leave anything out of Did I leave anything out of that? Dorian? Well, I guess also later on, later on this year, there's going to, it's going to have the, it's going to be able to connect your seller center as well and give you all of that extra data.

Speaker  876522:40
Yes, yes,

Speaker  876842:40
closely updating, because I guess you've got a lot of very advanced Amazon sellers giving you lots of ideas all the time.

Speaker  878906:40
Yes, yes, yes. We all work together to make your and everyone's life easier.

Speaker  880160:00
Yeah, it's interesting, because like you've got to do in app, you know, if Amazon, you got to do basics getting your listing ready, but getting the basics done is potentially getting easier and easier with the tools available. So it's good to, it's good to stay ahead of the curve. Yeah, and building a lot of this stuff yourself would take, would take quite a lot of work. So if you have any, if there's an easy solution for this, then you can go ahead. You can, you can still use AI and try and build some other, some other stuff for yourself as well. I'm trying to spend a bit of time on that myself. Alright, guys, look, we will do our best to get this recording up tomorrow for you guys on the app. I know the team are a bit busy with inspire, but I will, I will, I will ask or beg them to try and get this up tomorrow. So thanks for that. I've got some really good calls scheduled up over the last over the next couple of months, so I'll post you and let you guys know what's coming up. But yeah, thanks for coming on again. Dorian pleasure, all right, see you guys later. Thanks, bye, bye.
