MDS TikTok Channel Call
Date: February 26, 2026

Speaker  408:32
Video, Video audio. There we go. Alex,

Speaker  1592:00
sorry for the two minutes, one minute tardiness.

Speaker  3208:00
Matter of fact, they're all late.

Speaker  3672:32
Hold on. Make sure I got all my audio stuff set up right, because I can't hear who can I not hear? Extend Hi

Speaker  6741:20
everyone. Hi Anna, okay, all good,

Speaker  8261:20
good, thanks. How are you

Speaker  9013:20
we're doing fine. I guess I'm

Speaker  10277:19
Hey guys. How are you

Speaker  11125:20
advanced? Phones, megaphone, you

Speaker  18288:00
what's going on? Sorry, guys, one second, I can't hear anything,

Speaker  20864:00
maybe because no one's talking. But like, can you hear me now?

Speaker  22405:20
Yes, second here,

Speaker  23349:20
let's see someone say something. Yeah, damn it. Everyone is talking. My bad my bad shot. Let's try speaker so somebody who has a walk in person, all right, now I can hear you. Now you can hear us. Yep, sorry about that.

Speaker  30298:40
Amazing all, good dude,

Speaker  31370:40
we can use AI take note taker. I saw that I don't need to take notes.

Speaker  32976:00
We have already won, like, taking notes, and once Alex give me a sign, I'm just gonna start recording the meeting. So it's all good. Just one thing. There's someone when I with some noise in the background, yeah.

Speaker  37903:59
Then Nick, I think it's Nick, yeah, I think he might have the TV on. I don't know. Sorry,

Speaker  41237:19
doesn't matter.

Speaker  41893:19
All right, cool, yeah, we can start recording now.

Speaker  42613:20
Let's go. Welcome everyone then,

Speaker  43786:39
yeah, welcome, welcome, welcome. Thanks for jumping on. I know. I mean, I'm not in the WhatsApp group yet. I'm still waiting to get and I just, I just tried to get in today. So it's no one's fault, but hopefully we can be more active in there and make sure announcements about this call, get out ahead of time, and we can have some good turnouts, but we seem to always have a pretty decent turnout, which is cool. So thanks for showing up and contributing. It's been a minute since I've been here. I think Hassan did the last two super grateful for him for that. But yeah, man, lots going on in the TikTok space, that's for sure. So there's always something to talk about. But I'd love to hear from you guys in regards to, are there any wins? Does anybody want to share a win over the last month? Or maybe since you've seen me, I missed out on the last two if anyone wants to fill me in on what happened over the last couple of months,

Speaker  61290:40
I'll share a win. All

Speaker  61722:40
right, I

Speaker  61994:39
used a joint brand rebate key to get my affiliate revenue goal so I can test out our new outreach bot. So, yeah, that was pretty cool, mixing in both of those. So, yeah, $2,000 in revenue through a GMB video. That was a easy to easily done.

Speaker  68448:00
So you, you had all the purchases go through a video.

Speaker  69797:19
Yeah, yeah. One of the creators that I had worked with before I took his video didn't even tell him, and I just sent all the really key purchases and joined brands like new video creators to that video to buy, and it unlocked the bot for this product that's seasonal, so I didn't want to work on it until the springtime. And, yeah, worked in a week and a half, two weeks, and I got extra videos. I got cheaper purchases through rebate key and and then the other cool thing was the guy that the video I picked, he reached out to me. He's like, Dude, we're going viral, man. Like, I want to make a bunch of videos for you. And I was like, Yes, do it? Like, he's like, oh, so he got excited that that his video was making money. I was like, I told him the truth. Like, I was like, I said a bunch of traffic there, but like, yeah, we can make money. It's the right time. So he's excited about it. He's not, like, a big affiliate, you know, maybe you know. But he has done like, over 400,000 GMV in his like, career, I guess, so, pretty good. So anyway, that was cool. And so I'm excited to, like, try to work with him and maybe get a few others. So it was interesting to see how these creators eyes light up when they start making money. And I think there's an opportunity there to, even if you pay a creator, like, a good creator, do a video and then you do what I just did, and like, activate them by showing them promise of sales through their video link, you could basically trick them into, like, making videos for you. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  95562:40
No wonder if that video will get any free traffic from TikTok, because TikTok will consider it now. Oh, this is a successful video. We should send more shoppers to that video.

Speaker  98928:00
I think we got extra sales outside of that I have. I'm not, I'm not audited yet. But, you know, the rebate key thing shut off, and we're still getting sales. We have GMV max on, so he's getting paid sales as well. Not crazy. I haven't figured out how to scale it. I'm not really put much effort into it, but, you know, we're approaching my season where I should really at least put a little bit of effort onto it. So that was pretty cool. So that's a win. Yeah, is it on? I did both. I did rebate key for, like, lower cost purchases, and then I did join brands because I also want more video creators going, yeah, so that's my win for the for the last two weeks. Yeah.

Speaker  110650:39
So I did notice on joint brands you can now put a video link in there for the product link. And I was curious. I held off on a campaign we just launched yesterday on that because I just was kind of curious to see how well it worked. There were any hiccups with creators landing on the right page and buying the wrong thing or anything like that? Did you experience any?

Speaker  117504:00
I will, I'm they're already trying to fix it on rebate key, but they some did just buy it on Amazon instead, just like, out of habit. So I told them, that's the wrong order number, whatever. But like, I don't care that much. I mean, I'm probably more lenient than you guys would be. I'm just testing. But there will be a pop up saying, that, like, make sure to purchase this on the right market place when it's other, not, you know, like, basically, we're going to remind people, because we have multiple marketplaces actually on Ruby key, and then join brands. I think they all, I just messaged the creators right after they, like, accepted. I just said, Hey, make sure to buy it through that video link. And I also put in a campaign, like, at the top of it, like, make sure to buy through the video link.

Speaker  128320:00
So yeah, sometimes they'll

Speaker  128688:00
just go right to the product, but the link that we give them is the to the video so they'd have to go search it anyways. So yeah, and then that's why they added that, Leo added that on joint brands was like, add the video link, because we think that's an opportunity for people to like, you know, unlock their messaging right through this. Because a lot of people are stuck, right? They're like, cold start. So I

Speaker  134629:20
would say two things about that. One is, be prepared to pay an extra 20% commission, right? So when you're doing the math on how much a cold starts going to cost you right now, when I show the numbers to people, it's really just 8% which TikTok takes, and then your cogs and shipping. Now you have to add in whatever your open commission is if you're going to go that route, or you could, you know, have an agreement with a creator and just set their commission to, like, 1% for a week, and then, you know, that way, you're not paying out too much. Because if you are cold starting, and you're doing this 100 times that 20% can add up and add an extra, you know, a few $100 to your your budget there. So just keeping that in mind,

Speaker  147136:00
I I guess I'm not really, I mean, it's a profitable product. I'm not really trying to pinch too hard on it, yeah, like, definitely, like, I could see people doing that. But like, for me, it's more like, get it going at all costs, because my competitor did last year, and it really helped them. So like, yeah, it's gonna cost me more money, but I'm making it up elsewhere, like the halo and all that stuff.

Speaker  152581:20
So yeah, especially, you know, you could make up for if it, if those sells actually help that video go viral and do more sells, then you're getting it all back, right? So, I mean, it

Speaker  155178:40
is a good it is a higher conversion rate. So maybe that, you know, it's just like Amazon, right? There probably is conversion rate metrics and all that stuff that you're tricking. So if you're seeding your good videos with, you know, converted sales to that might be a beneficial thing, as

Speaker  158570:40
you're could also be tricking GMB max into giving that video another shot. Yeah. Do you have GMB match running right now on this product? Yeah, yeah. So that'd be interesting.

Speaker  161056:00
So I was asking you, actually, it's an old GMB Max campaign I've had going on for a long time. I'm thinking, Should I restart a new GMB Max campaign? Yeah, yeah, that's what I thought. Because I don't see it pushing it, and I have it at 1% ROI, and,

Speaker  165520:00
yeah, or 1%

Speaker  166202:40
well, one, 1x right?

Speaker  166794:40
One, yeah, one, yeah, yeah, something's wrong. I would just turn it off and restart it.

Speaker  167978:39
And also I just did, like, 35% and 10% on on ads. So, like, I'm going pretty hard, yeah, like, in the beginning, like, why would you try to be cheap? You know, like, everybody wants to make money, and like, I'm okay to lose money here if this gonna take off.

Speaker  173002:40
And, yeah, yeah, because we're coming from the Amazon space where we were doing this all the time with Viral Launch. So we know, like, what this cost to get going? Because we used to do it all the time that can't do that anymore on on Amazon, where I can maybe to extend so if I'm

Speaker  176928:00
going behind a brand, right, I can always adjust it down, and it changes in 30 days, right? It doesn't change right away anymore, right? It's like a 30 day window or

Speaker  179824:00
something. What was it when you change your commissions

Speaker  180432:00
and stuff like, let's say, go down to 20% right? That doesn't happen right away anymore, right? It's like a 30 day

Speaker  182341:19
30 days left. Yes, I

Speaker  182789:20
thought because they changed that,

Speaker  183253:20
yeah, and you could just give people a heads up that it's coming down.

Speaker  184213:19
The other thing is, when you're when you're firing those out at Volume Two, you got to be dropping your advertising commission as well, like, if you're just given 30% across the board, plus GMV Max. I don't know what everyone else was doing, but 10% on ads, yeah, yeah, that's what I tell you.

Speaker  189226:40
35% on on generated sales, and then 10% on ads, and it's like a $40 item. So it's, you know, it's decent commission. I think,

Speaker  191434:40
yeah, I

Speaker  191882:39
think that's and the reality of it is, almost all sales run through GMP max. Now, anyways, so you're really only paying 10% maybe you get a couple sales. Yeah, they flow through at a high rate.

Speaker  195792:00
So the so when you do a cold start, like the one that I've laid out before, those initial 100 sells in the past that went straight to product card wouldn't count as GMB affiliate. GMB, right, but we were just so successful on those 100 videos turning into 500 to 1000 more sells that we would get that unlock anyway. So that's one thing to consider, too. If you just do the cold start right with with the social blast of 100 videos, you'll unlock anyway. The other thing too is, if you're a brand new brand, I wouldn't be too worried about unlocking until you finish your cold start, because usually when you're brand new brand, you have a cap on orders per day anyway, so you can only sell 50 units a day. So when you're doing this outreach sampling, trying to get people to jump on your your product, and you're not even allowed to go viral, really, you're literally not allowed to go viral if you can't sell more than 50 a day. And TikTok, seems that they keep moving the goalposts in regards to when that 50 order capacity unlocks. So if you do the cold start right, that 50 capacity unlocks naturally. Once you're done with that, then everything else is just wide open.

Speaker  219077:19
What's the thought process? So you you go all in, like, you pick 100 creators off in the first week and have them buy all in one week. Or do you spread it out, like, more organically fast

Speaker  221498:40
as possible? Yeah, we'll try to get all the purchases handled max two weeks. But hopefully in the first week, all the purchases are done and care

Speaker  224272:00
about making it look more organic, like it's starting to pick up steam like that. You haven't heard of any issues or anything like that. Just navigates. So, yeah,

Speaker  226768:00
no, because I mean, now TikTok has the affiliate thing, where, if you're at a if you're an affiliate on TikTok, you get your own special link that you can like, put on your blog now and send traffic to a product card, and they get commissioned there too. So who's to say? That's not what's going on? So, yeah, get the sells done as fast as possible. For one, one is just to, you know, get those that product card to say 100 as you can. And then, as the videos start coming in those videos. When people click on the product in the video, they see this product already has 100 sells, so that kind of helps with conversions as well. Also, those 100 sells are kind of most likely going to be your ideal customer, right? Anyone who's going to on Jon brands is going to take a product to do content on it most of the time is kind of like someone who would buy it anyway. So now you're telling TikTok algorithm who your ideal customer is like right away, yeah. So that will help your product be put into the proper column, Silo or chamber, so it'll reach out to the correct people from the guy.

Speaker  247205:20
Also, I did also look at like seller board where, like, most of my sales come from, like, what states, and then I picked creators in those states to do the videos that was like, not just like anywhere, but like, California, Florida.

Speaker  250581:19
Yeah, that's good idea

Speaker  250938:40
I did, especially since like, half the country's freezing. It doesn't work. It's like, summertime products So, but, like, that's generally, like, where, you know, 50% of sales are from, like, the top, you know, five states. Interesting.

Speaker  254858:40
Yeah, I think it could help to have traders from your state pushing to your your people, any other wins? That's a good one. Ian, thanks for sharing. Yeah.

Speaker  258384:00
So, yeah, I can share. Oh, my video just went away. Hey, so we are picking up steam so with our products, Brock supplement, we've sold in less 30 days, we've sold 40k our GMV spend was 30k but it's pretty much like 85 to 90% videos that Nick and I have made. So we're not paying commission, but 40k in a month is the biggest that we've done. And that's great. Where, I guess, sorry,

Speaker  269786:40
that's great. That's awesome. Man,

Speaker  270426:40
yeah. So I guess the question is, where? I mean, we're definitely having way better results with videos that we've made ourselves versus when we've tried a bunch of creators. And I think it's partly that the product is a little bit difficult to communicate about. And so although I don't know if it's actually any more difficult than Moringa, so I don't know if anyone has any advice for how to take the next step from here.

Speaker  278181:19
Are you? Are you enrolled for subscriptions? Yes, okay, that'll drive that'll drive your ROI up over time. Yeah, yeah. I have a

Speaker  282197:20
question. Yeah. I agree. I agree. I don't think it should be any harder than Moringa, but I will say, like, a lot of Moringa success, not just my brand, but overall on TikTok was like, deep fake AI bullshit that we never took part of. So we kind of rode the coattails of the brands that were doing that, spreading the word and, you know, let them deal with the violations and all that stuff. And we were just coming in bottom of funnel, just saying, like, hey, you've heard of Moringa, right? Everyone's talking Barbara O'Neill, apparently, is out there talking about Moringa. Make sure you buy the right one. You know, because not all, not all of them organic, not all of them are third party tested, not all of them are pure Leo. This is why you need to buy ours. So obviously you don't have that going on in this space right now. I think you could, you could generate it with, you know, I mean, I know you guys played with it in the past, but there's just tons of Rhonda Patrick content out there that could just crush with this. I almost want to, like, start creating for you myself, man, because I could sell a First

Speaker  299722:40
all, right deal, yeah,

Speaker  300650:40
50% commission. I

Speaker  301450:40
have a question. If we add, if we add a two pack, that's basically going to be a cold start, right? It's a brand new skew, brand starting from zero, yeah, so, so we need to go through that whole process.

Speaker  305626:40
I wouldn't, I wouldn't know. I think the the customer is savvy enough to know it's you and and see the reviews on your the sales and reviews on your one pack, and know it's you. I would just throw it up there. You'll be surprised. You also have the option of throwing it up there as a variation, so it'll share the unit sold, but I do it as a completely separate listing. That way, on the search results for shop, they see two different listings.

Speaker  312901:20
So here's a here's a piece of advice on that. If you're doing this question, like supplement or something where you're gonna get multi packs, you have to do the variation at the beginning. If you don't, if you add in variations after the fact, it resets your product ID for all of your products, including the single item. And you'll lose your you'll lose your sales history, not your ratings, but you'll lose your sales history on that product ID. I did that on like a on a product that only had like 1015, sales. So it wasn't like a big deal, but I wanted to add that in, because some of our other products that have multi pack variations, we see a ton of opt in to high numbers. But that's something you need to do right when you set up your product. So if you set up like a variation or like, I'd recommend everyone set up copies, like dupes of their primary products, or multiple dupes. So you'll have like, three different product IDs for your, like, same product that's out there. But when you do that, you can add variations on that, because that won't have any sales history anyways. So that's the best time to to add it in. That's kind of what, what we've done

Speaker  331530:40
that makes sense. If you add it as a separate product, if you add a two pack as a separate product, do you also, do you make videos that are just going to that like, some videos go to the one pack, some videos go to the two pack.

Speaker  335546:40
Yeah, you'll find that your creators will prefer to sell the two pack because they get more commission. I think for me, I feel like the the two pack, all the creators that promote the two pack, the one pack just gets spillover in the end, right? So which kind of sucks for the Creator, because they're not getting credit for that sell, but ends up being a product card sell on GMB max. So, yeah, I would leave it if I were you, though, since you guys are making most of your own content, I would start pushing the two pack.

Speaker  343877:20
Yeah, okay, the issue is that the two pack is, is going to end up being like $85

Speaker  345861:20
but again, you know it's, it's your you're paying zero commission on a two pack when you sell it, and if they end up going to your one pack and buying it there, you're still paying 0% commission, right? So it's just, you know, hard to track, yep. What are you guys doing? Jon, what are you guys doing for subscriptions, first purchase discount.

Speaker  353024:00
I think we're pushing 20 or even 25% on the first so like we get a we get a pretty high opt in. You better have your customer service agents ready, though, for all the people that that don't understand that they're subscribing and don't read any of the emails that they get. Ridiculous. It's pretty ridiculous. How many people there are in particular for us on, like, with our Spanish speaking customers? It's brutal, like, it's a really high rate of compliant, yeah.

Speaker  363290:40
And then when they request a return, they say, item not as described. And then the reasoning, I didn't buy this, it's like, yeah, you did. This is like your third order, yeah,

Speaker  366170:40
our technical account manager at TikTok, like, basically, then scrapes and removes reviews every single month, we have like a process where we're submitting them to them, because we get so many one star reviews that are directly related to subscription, people that are just complaining about the subscription.

Speaker  370992:00
I was playing around on the TikTok app the other day, and it seems like they made it a little bit better to where people aren't accidentally opting into that. You kind of have to go through some hoops to subscribe now, which is good for the customer, not so great for us, but maybe in the end, it is great for us, right? We had to deal with all these bullshit reviews and refunds.

Speaker  376325:20
Yeah, I've noticed a little bit a lower rate of subscription kind of over the last of the last couple weeks. So that's probably what's driving that.

Speaker  378661:20
For that reason, I am testing now 50% off on that first order. Yeah, damn. We'll see how that goes. I just Nick Sharma, if you guys listen to the all was it, what's the podcast that he does, limited supply. It's mostly for D to see, but he had dropped like a little nugget in the last episode where he's like, if you guys are doing 50% off your first order when you subscribe, absolutely print. So I want to, we don't have that running yet on Shopify, but I'm going to test it on TikTok, see if there's a translation there.

Speaker  389616:00
I Yeah. Let me, let me know what you see, I definitely do it like, it's a pretty high stick rate on subscriptions once they're

Speaker  391870:56
on sales crazy. It's like, what 80% for online, yeah, so if we need a break even on that first sale, I think we still break even. Yeah, for sure. So like 10% left. It's worth it.

Speaker  397482:40
One other thing, like, I don't know if other people have seen this, but we've had a lot of issues where, when we post videos, especially if there's like, AI generation pieces of it, they get flagged, and it goes against our TikTok account, where we get violations. On that front, I don't know if any of you guys have seen that, but we just figured out that there's like a back end within the GMV creative side on GMV max to then tag or an add a product link after the fact, so that it only shows up for your GMP Max account, and it seems to work around any violations that you get. At least we haven't seen any violations yet. We're getting, like Non, non original content on AI, even though they were completely original, it just seemed to be happening non stop for for us, but we stopped posting any self made videos on that front with AI for a while, but just got restarted on that. So I don't know if anyone else has been impacted by that, but if they have, that's the workaround.

Speaker  415306:40
So Jon, you're saying that you post a video that's not initially not part of the GMB campaign. It doesn't have the,

Speaker  417856:00
yeah, there's no product link in it, but you can product link it after the fact, if it's from your own account.

Speaker  419952:00
Wow, that's, that's awesome.

Speaker  420944:00
So yeah, that's just within, like, the if you go to GMP Max and there's, like, campaigns on the left side, and then creatives under it, and it's, I don't know if it's a new feature, it says new feature. And then you just link, like, there's a there's a pull down to add. You can either upload videos or product links, kind of within that screen.

Speaker  425925:20
That's cool. You'll just, you'll just want to make sure the product is actually in that video, right? Yep, that's awesome. And, yeah, the AI thing is kind of tripping me up because, you know, I was at TikTok headquarters a couple months ago and literally had an employee there. Tomi. AI is fine. It's probably just something your AI guy is saying that is getting you flagged so it doesn't sound like you were doing any of that is just what it's like B roll or something that they don't Yeah.

Speaker  435040:00
It was, yeah, it was something, it was something like B roll or whatever. It kept on being flagged as unoriginal, even ones where we didn't have B roll and it was like, all new, new avatar, everything we're getting flagged. And I was like, we couldn't figure out what was going on, so we stopped posting for like, three months,

Speaker  440565:20
huh? Yeah, I don't know that's weird. I haven't posted AI with shop in a while.

Speaker  443466:40
Yeah, anyways, we, we just started again yesterday, and it's like, this is like, the workaround seems

Speaker  445082:40
to work, huh? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker  445466:40
Well, I just found the workaround yesterday too, while we were

Speaker  446378:40
sometimes they take a while to to flag, even GMB, Max stuff. Yeah. I

Speaker  448976:00
Yeah. Anyways, I'll post them out Whatsapp group if it like continues to work and we don't have any issues. Yeah, let us know.

Speaker  451984:00
Awesome. Any other wins? Anybody have anything they want to share before we jump into needs. Is he? Is he cutting out for you guys too? You guys hear me now, we can hear you. You're frozen. There you go. There you go.

Speaker  459866:39
Okay, all right, yeah, I was tracking one of my competitors, and they have a very like basic video that they keep doing over and over again, basically just rotating some things. I'm shocked. We try to duplicate it. And I have a feeling that they might be running campaigns through their front end account. So not not money in the through the seller account, but like paying per video to get views or likes or something. So they're boosting the video by paying like 20 bucks per video. Then GMB Max sees the sees the, I guess the comments, likes the interactions, and then GMV Max now picks it up and pushes it more. Anybody was testing this? Because I tested it on a few videos, and I did like a B test on like, likes, comments, just views and then follower count. And for us, I think the cheapest way to get the most likes and comments was to get the follower count. So when you select follower account, it says, like, 20 bucks, you get 1000 follows. But to get 1000 follows, that's a substantial number of views, like, likes, comments, and to me that seems like one trick that you can use, because obviously TikTok is not going to make a person pay the same as the brand, right? So if a person wants to boost their account, they're going to push way cheaper traffic. And thinking that that's what they've been doing, is just boosting every single account, 1050, 20 bucks, and then GMB Max, on the back end, sees the interaction the likes, and starts pushing it better. Because GMV Max, I noticed, is not like videos that don't have over like 5000 views, they don't really do well on GMB Max.

Speaker  491018:40
What do you think of this theory? Yeah, I've heard of this, and I've seen people talk about it. I was always just curious, though, if it's on the Creator side, so the creator is boosting their own content, right in their Creator

Speaker  495754:40
Well, in their case, it's the Create. The affiliate challenge is owned by the brand they're going from salt, right?

Speaker  497568:00
Yeah, yeah. So that would that route kind of makes sense, because I can see, I've been wanting to bring this up to some creators, but I would be, it would be, it would be terrible if I talked someone into boosting their own content, and then the next thing you know, they never go viral again with organic, because now TikTok has them like pinned as some chunk that's willing to pay for their own views, right? So that's the only, my only hesitation. But I do think, if it's a marketing account, what you think they're doing, that makes sense, I'd totally be down to try that.

Speaker  507402:40
And Alex, you don't think that same risk exists with a marketing account problem.

Speaker  508890:40
It might. But just if that's all you're gonna do, fuck it. You know, like, if you're if you just go in knowing this marketing 30 day trial, just everybody bucks. Yeah, we're gonna boost every single video on this marketing account. Then who cares, right? If you ever go viral, you're not paying commission anyway, so, but it would suck if you asked one of your creators, Hey, man, I'll give you 100 bucks or 20 bucks if you boost your own video, and then next thing you know, you know, his count is dead. I'm not sure if that's just like, you know, fear mongering or a conspiracy theory that exists out there, but I remember being told a while ago when you know people were trying to grow their accounts to 5000 followers so they can become creators, like it was a big no no to boost your content for for followers, because then what's the point if once you get those 5000 followers? I heard you've heard that too.

Speaker  523242:40
Yeah, I can. So I actually, I had an account that got to 200,000 followers from not related to the product. That was all. It was all paid advertising. And when I turned off the advertising, it was, it, literally, the follower count decreased substantially every day it just it just stopped. So I think what you're saying there's truth to that.

Speaker  529968:00
Yeah, I can see that, but do it on a marketing account that might work. I'm gonna try that.

Speaker  533616:00
Cool. How about any needs? Is anyone here today because they need some advice on something, direction, on something, stuck on something? Feel free to speak up.

Speaker  538341:20
Hi everyone. I have a question I'm going to give TikTok another try. We started with TikTok last year, did some sales from ads, and now we would like to learn some money, and we would like to try again, hopefully more successfully. I have a couple of creators on retainers that will start posting for us. And my question would be, What is everyone doing to train these creators to maybe create content that performs well. If you can share any tips, that would be great.

Speaker  551509:19
So my first response, before getting into the second part of your question, but like, if you're putting, if you're paying anybody a retainer to do this, like, they should know how to make content, right? So if anyone who's asking for money up front, they shouldn't need any training, they should be able to figure this out on their own. Now, if you're asking about maybe super low retainer creators, or just creators in general, I have found that the best tip I've given creators because, remarkably, not all of them know this is like how important retention rate is, and therefore how important your your hook is. So the first six seconds of the video is the most important part. If you get that wrong, it doesn't matter what you do in the end, this video will not take off. So you need a 70% retention rate at two seconds and a 60% retention rate at six seconds. It's really easy to go back to your old videos to see what the retention rate was on those videos so people can quickly analyze themselves, kind of like do an audit on their content, and figure out how far, how close they are to those metrics. If you find, if they find a video that was pretty damn close to hitting those metrics, and yeah, sure enough, it did get 5000 views, but didn't quite go viral, maybe they were onto something there. They need to revisit that hook, figure out what they did almost right, and do it again and improve on it. Could be something as small as you know, it took half a second for them to start talking, or maybe the the visual hook, text or whatever wasn't good enough. But if they have content that has terrible retention rates, then now they know, never try that hook again that didn't work. So don't even waste your time with with that book, that little piece of knowledge, with retention rates, you'd be surprised. How many people will basically, like double their output in regards to views just knowing that, and how many people don't know that. So that's like, probably the easiest thing you

Speaker  586325:19
can do. Awesome. Thank you. I have a quick question there. Um, so first of all, yeah, can the retention, I think is huge. That's something that we're kind of focusing on dark creators. Sorry, I we've identified that like coaching creators, especially like non retainer ones, is a pretty big priority for us right now. I think our like, ukrainations, you get affiliates, are good. I think our products are good, but like, I feel like a lot of our affiliates, like the videos just like, kind of suck, and I think we just need to be investing a lot more, like hand holding with our like affiliates to just help them make better content? Do we as a group have, like, any sort of resources to use to, like, teach creators? Like, I'm thinking, I want to start doing like, weekly or bi weekly, like coaching calls with them. I've just, personally, I've never, like, made like, I've never been an affiliate. Like, I don't actually know how to necessarily make converting videos. I obviously can see what works in the platform, and can kind of guess, but do we have, like, like, a library of resources there to kind of use, to help coach our creators

Speaker  605914:39
that I know of, I don't, I don't think we do not an MDS, not an MDS, but there is some Pretty good posts on on Facebook from from Parker, where he addresses a lot of this stuff. I will say that I did pay for Parker's course. I think he gives a deal to MDS members, and it was pretty damn good. It was like five or six hours, and he kind of just went through the whole thing on how to go viral, I would say, like, 90% of what I know and what I teach creators came from from Parker. So it might be, it would be worth reaching out to him if you want to invest 2500 bucks, and he'll let you go in on it with another brand too. That's what we did. Is Jonathan Jesper and I, I would buy that course and do that masterclass with them for five hours, you'll learn a ton. Even if you never go out and create on your own, you're gonna know a lot. And basically, when I do joint brands cold starts and I do a little five minute training for every single product, it's all Parker shit. I just regurgitate all this shit.

Speaker  623658:39
Sweet. That's a good that's a good resource. Appreciate that.

Speaker  625312:00
Yeah, Alex, I also have a question surrounding that topic. I think we're finally past, like the cold start phase, like selling more than 500 now, but spreading between several products. We have, like, one crater that did live. She did very well last month, but I think she's like, invested in something else now, so not putting in as many hours with us, but we sent out a lot of like invitations. A lot of people, like, accepted right now. My goal is to motivate them to post more. Like, what would be like the game plan here? Like, do I, you know, put out some kind of rewards and then see which ones are good and put them on retainers. Like, how to go from here, I guess. So.

Speaker  639930:39
I know this wasn't your question, but I did hear something in the beginning of it that I want to tackle a little bit. You said you have a few 100 sells spread across multiple products. So a lot of times people see their store sales and they get really excited because that has reached like 1000 but you don't actually have any products that have 1000 sells. So am I right to say that maybe not any of your products have finished a proper cold start?

Speaker  648309:19
You mean more than 100 right?

Speaker  649077:20
100, minimum, 500 like would be right, ideal, not on one, on one product, right?

Speaker  651162:40
Not a single one was more than like 200 something like that. The best seller actually ran, you know, came from the drum brand social blast, of course, okay, but it was like spread between several products, because the best sellers were constantly out of stock because of some inventory issues. So the live creator was just selling whatever, and she sold them.

Speaker  658080:00
Yeah, that's good, yeah.

Speaker  658624:00
And right now we want to, kind of want to diabetic back in and focus on, you know, one or two products. But yeah, it's right to say that not one single product has been like, you know, more than 500 sells, right?

Speaker  662597:20
Okay, okay, yeah. So I do think it's pretty important to get there that product that you ran through Jon brands. Do you have inventory back for that?

Speaker  665893:19
We do, we do, but not a ton, and that will probably not be the product that we're going to focus on. Gotcha going forward, yeah, gotcha,

Speaker  668714:39
okay, yeah, I asked about that one because I know for a fact that product has 100 videos out there and you have 100 spark codes, right? So that would be an easy lever to pull for that product, but you may need to consider doing another cold start. Join brands on whichever product it is that you want to push. If you have enough inventory, you may want to consider that get that product hot right. It needs momentum. It needs traction. Creators need to see that there was a bunch of sells in the last 30 days, and then they need to see that you're willing to run some GMV Max behind those videos, and the more sophisticated creators will go to the back end and look at this stuff through fast moss and call it data, so that probably still your first step. I hate to set you back a little bit, but I would definitely consider cold starting whichever product it is. And then from there, you'd be surprised, like some of these creators that you find in joint brands are going to perform pretty well. I would put them on retainer. And if you can put them on retainer through joint brands, it keeps everything nice and clean. They only get paid when they post. But that's a new feature. Now you can put them on retainer, enjoying brands and and they'll take, you know, they'll take lower amounts per video, because the amount they're getting on us on a social blast isn't that much anyway. So if you can offer just a little bit more than that, they'll be pretty excited. So that's something you can you can entertain as well, right?

Speaker  694053:20
And what about, you know people that I found on TikTok affiliate, because, you know around 5050, to 60 of them already have our samples. They're not from Jon brands like, what would be like a fair number to offer them for retainer.

Speaker  698293:19
So I would only offer that to people who have proven themselves, right? So have they generated a sale? If they haven't generated a sale, you shouldn't be really offering them anything. I have it a part of our flow for the messaging outreach. As soon as someone generates a sale, they get a message from us saying, hey, congratulations, you actually sold one of our products. Come join our Discord. And that's where, you know, we even tell them, like, future retainer jobs are found here. Join the discord to, you know, join our community. Blah, blah, blah. And then, you know, once the creator is like, proven themselves with more than just one sale, that's when you can start entertaining the idea of possibly putting them on retainer, whether it's for shoppable content or lives.

Speaker  712453:19
So just one sale is that's enough to

Speaker  713205:20
invite them to your community, wherever that community lives, that's enough to invite them. It's hard to invite someone to community when they have had zero success, so that that message can just be can fall flat. But if they've had a sale, and then you right, when they get that sale, they're they're hearing from you, either that day or the next day, you'll be top of mind, and they'll be interested in what you have to say, and if you're asking them to join you somewhere else, where there's potential money to be made with retainer jobs, or, you know, Spark codes and not spark codes, Flash sells and whatnot. That's how you grow your community. And once you have your community, you'll, you'll quickly figure out who in that community deserves a retainer,

Speaker  725813:20
right, right? So using the retainer as like a reward for them for making the first sell, yeah, and I've seen like, people requesting crazy amount of money for a retainer, like 200 to $400 per video.

Speaker  730341:20
And yeah,

Speaker  730709:19
that for me, is just diabolical, because, like, I'm not even paying myself. I'm just paying them, and that's it. So what would be like a good number to begin with, with these creators, for example, if their GMB is under 50k per month for like, 20 videos, maybe,

Speaker  736298:39
yeah, I try, I try to keep it as low as possible, like there is still a model that works where you pay someone to post every single day for 30 days. And I would probably never pay more than $1,000 for that, right? So that's what? $30 a video, and that's someone's really good, right? Like they know what they're doing. They're so confident what they do that they're willing to post about the same fucking product for 30 days. You know that that's kind of, kind of makes your account look weird, right? So if someone is willing to take that job, they they they know they can sell your product. So a lot of times that's that's worth it might not be worth it in the beginning because your product isn't really proven yet. And anyone who would take that job might be, you know, just taking your $1,000 and and running. But once your product is proven, and you get people that are like, Oh, wow, this is a hot product. I can totally sell the shit out of this. I'll post about it every day for 30 days, and there they'll take $1,000 for that. You know, that could be a good prospect, but in the meantime, right now, I would try to find people that are willing to do videos, like twice a week for the next month or two, and try to get that for like, as little as 510, $20 a video.

Speaker  758277:20
Oh, I see. Okay, that's a good so

Speaker  759173:20
enjoying brands, you can, like, basically pitch that out to people. You can say, hey, you know, I have X amount of dollars. And I think on joint brands, they get 80% of those funds. So you can say, like, $10 per video. I need, I need 16 videos a month. There's a potential $160 for you. They keep 80% of it. You'd be surprised. How many people will take you up on that?

Speaker  765370:39
Yeah, yeah, for sure. And then for training them, just try to move them to discord when they have results.

Speaker  767450:40
Yeah. Okay,

Speaker  767898:39
gotcha. Thank

Speaker  768128:00
you. Wherever,

Speaker  768431:59
all products are different, like some products, you get good luck getting them on Discord, but WhatsApp communities is really good. I've been trying to get Ian to start a community and join brands where we can all just talk to each other there. I think that'd be cool. I know some of the bots have it, like reacher and uptick or Krupa, they have like a little community function where you can just kind of communicate with everyone in there. But yeah, I personally hate freaking discord. But yeah, the AI guys and the hackers like the TikTok shop hackers, that's where they live. But the real people, like, in my demographic, it's WhatsApp.

Speaker  781274:40
What's that?

Speaker  781610:40
Yeah, it's so much easier too, right? You just spin it up in a second. It's no work.

Speaker  782906:40
Yeah, everyone knows how to use WhatsApp, and it's their phone number, right? You don't have to ask for these handles that are some like 1990s AOL handle.

Speaker  785936:00
What are you doing? About like, top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel. Content? Are you telling them to do bottom of funnel? It seems like that's the most converting type of content that I'm seeing. Like comforts, doing a lot of that, like, just people showing the product and telling them to get it, and it's hot, like, basically, versus, like, versus, like, a full on, you know, scripted, you know, set up the product, use it, you know, explain things. This is like, you want, no bloat, you know, get this. Like, yeah. So I don't know, I kind of feel like the bottom funnel so much easier to make.

Speaker  796522:40
It kind of depends on, you know, on the product, right? Is there a ton of top funnel content out there from, like, your competitors, or at, you know, then it's really easy to make bottom funnel content. And when I say bottom funnel content, there's a new bottom of funnel strategy that people are doing where they're saying, like, it's on sale two for one, and basically tricking customers to buy it, and they're not really getting two. So that that that's a the bottom of funnel that all these hackers are using. We don't do that right? We just do, we do like, hey, you've heard of Moringa before, because, you know all this AI content that's out there before you buy it, you need to listen to this. And then we kind of just go into like, what makes our product different. I think the really good creators that you put on retainer and whatnot, like they should be doing, like, top of funnel and middle of funnel type content, they should be good enough to, like, make really good content that educates people on the product, if they've never heard of it, and has a solid call to action. And they should be able to convert at a certain point. But yeah, they think the best way, the best strategies, is to do all of it. You know, sometimes it's up to the brand to do that top of funnel content, right? So just post top of funnel, top of funnel, top of some of that. Top of funnel stuff that has no products tagged in it is more likely to go viral.

Speaker  820496:00
Yeah, I'm just like, when I look at callow data, and I look at like, what brands are doing, the top brands, you know, you can look at their creators. They're just posting the same videos over and over and over again, basically, like one Creator. And also, I was talking to another brand, I think I was talking to Josh Hadley. He's like, you know, this creator is my top creator this month, but like, last month, it was a different creator, like, and they're doing the same thing, just like every month, it's a different creator that becomes the top creator for that brand, which is kind of interesting, because you would think that they would keep going. So it's like, yesterday I was talking to him, and he was just like, well, you know, sometimes I just don't even go after those people. I just try to train them up. Because if I can get them motivated to make, you know, 30 videos a day for three months, and, you know, mix in the top funnel, bottom funnel, like, easier content, like I'm able to get them just commit, you know, and then, and then they find out, Oh, wow, like, six days later, I'm actually making money. I made $1,000 this month, 2000 remember? So those, those ones that are already, you know, trying so hard to get bought in. And you if they, if you can coach them to do the right thing, I don't know, yeah, that's what I'm seeing, like, a lot of content from less people, versus trying to get, like, a, well, 100 creators, you need, like, in the beginning, right, to get the sales and stuff. But like, if you had 10 creators all posting, like, bottom of funnel, like, you should drive sales, it's was what it seems like. I don't know for certain, but that should, yeah, yeah.

Speaker  843210:40
And that's one thing I've definitely come to realize too, especially with the whole sampling thing. Like, I'd rather if you gave out 1000 samples and everyone posted once. I would rather have five people post, you know, 2200 times each. You know, yeah,

Speaker  847178:40
Nate, anything from you guys on your strategy?

Speaker  848650:40
Um, no, honestly, like, we are still kind of in the rebuilding phase. So we, we were doing mastermind home months ago, but we were doing pretty well from like, a GMB standpoint, TikTok shop and then, but we were losing a lot of money, so we've pivoted to being like, breaking and profitability, but GMV is way down. So right now, it's been like big shift, but we're like, slowly kind of growing, and our focus right now is really on just like coaching our creators like that. I think is going to be like the next big unlock for us, because we have a lot of creators like in our Discord, we have, you know, like decent people, we have our products. Like, every video we get gets like, like, I think our average GMB per video is like, three bucks at the moment, and then we're running GMB Max ads and stuff on it and like, they aren't getting any content that we actually like. So working with our creators to actually make better contents. Like, basically, our our biggest focus for the next few months?

Speaker  865631:59
Yeah, I think that's worth it for sure.

Speaker  866303:59
Yeah, it's a lot, it's a lot of time on my part. But I think that we'll see that. We'll see the Ri hopefully. So yeah,

Speaker  868975:59
that's what a lot of the big brands are doing. They have, you know, creators, like proven creators that are in there, like on payroll, you know, coaching these people up.

Speaker  872261:20
I have a question about TikTok fee. Alex, you mentioned about TikTok use 8% can you kind of elaborate more about that is a 6% referral fee, and what else

Speaker  875514:39
I may have spoken Yeah, I guess I meant 6%

Speaker  876346:40
yes, okay, because I was searched online just now it's like this, like transaction fee. I don't even know what that is for the TikTok shop so, but something we're trying to figure out more about the finance side too? Yeah, I didn't know there's a transaction fee, but I do want to mention that we we have have a win that we noticed that since October last year, the shipping rate dropped significantly for us. We shift the TikTok using the TikTok label right from 13 to averaging 8.5 so they probably somehow, USP is some kind of deal, that's what being shown. But it did drop a lot that even East Coast is causing us under $10 or $9 and our package is big, like, you know, shoes, so, so something. So we had to re, kind of remodel our finance model. So, so that's why we got into so I was wondering if anyone had known what transaction fee, or actually know the breakdown of the TikTok fee, like, up to today.

Speaker  895770:39
So yeah, I noticed that too about the shipping, because I remember last time I visited the FBT rates, it was like, Oh, I'm saving so much money doing this myself. And then last time I checked, was like, Oh, damn, it's actually cheaper than than what we get. So yeah, the TikTok shipping. And then I think they have a bunch more facilities too. So that's why shipping in New York, you know, it's leaving Chicago or something, so I can see how they save money there. Does anybody know about these transaction fees that he's talking about?

Speaker  904501:20
I think those are just, those are just like the commission, rare, whatever, TikTok commission, right? Different?

Speaker  906389:20
No, it's one's a referral fee, right? And one transaction fee,

Speaker  907882:40
like, there's no fee, isn't going to the Creator. That's not that

Speaker  909050:40
referral fee, the seller referral fee.

Speaker  909738:40
So that's what percent? What percentage is this like a major expense, or is it what they are,

Speaker  911418:40
different answers, different feedback. So one is say transaction fee is like 50 cents per transaction, and one is like 2.5% so I'm like, confused. I was just searching on the Google and but I couldn't find the answer, like there are different answers out there. So

Speaker  918501:20
yeah, I'm not sure where you're seeing this, because when I'm looking at I just see a referral fee, affiliate commission.

Speaker  921221:20
That's it, yeah? Well, I searched at Google, right? What's like? What's TikTok fee right now? And 2026, and then the articles are just showing the examples too. There's, there's the there's actually a common thing. It's a transaction feed right now applying

Speaker  925802:40
is this Jon hallucinating?

Speaker  927178:40
I'm not, I'm not seeing that in my feed breakdown. That that field.

Speaker  928346:40
So, yeah, have you seen this in your account? Like you go to an actual order and check out the settlement breakdown on an individual order?

Speaker  930368:00
No, I'm checking on the website right now, just on the just search and just, I have seen a common thing is a transaction fee here, but that it's like, when you process your earning to your bank account, there's a withdrawal fee that TikTok takes. So I can, I can share this website right now so I don't know it's true or not. So on.

Speaker  937781:19
Yeah, I would just check your own account.

Speaker  938213:20
Yeah, I would look in your financial summary, like, I don't see them, the financial summary breakdown. Okay, one quick, one quick question on this. I know everyone's got a jump here. If you aren't doing virtual bundles, you should have someone set that up in your in your catalog. That's up to now accounting for over 5% of our sales. And it's like growing kind of every week, just about and it's just matching together different products. You drive up your AOV and the exposure area. We aren't specifically promoting those, but we just throw it into like a group, GMV Max campaign to at least get extra exposure within product card and other pieces. And sometimes some creators are picking it up and promoting it people that have been with the brand for for a while. One other question was just if anyone's doing FBT or CBT with a with a three PL and how you're you're running that through your LMS are just getting a lot of pushback, and I don't know when, when TikTok is going to go ahead and actually enforce that for people, probably a bigger issue. And we can, like, throw that in that, in that Whatsapp group, but, um, just wondering when TikTok is going to actually go ahead and enforce that. It sounded to me like when I talk to them, but they're still going to move ahead with it, but they've obviously indefinitely delayed it.

Speaker  958954:40
Now, yeah, I've heard about the delay, but I'm not sure when it's going to be for sure, but you can still do TikTok shipping right, where you just buy the labels through TikTok. Is that what we're talking about? Yeah, but you just can't buy labels on your own and then give TikTok tracking numbers that's over.

Speaker  966357:20
Yeah, that's, that's what, what's over. I want to move to just the TikTok labels and also, and actually move to CBT, because that's where our three PL is. But the OMS that we, that we run things through right now, is dragging their feet on doing integration, because obviously they're taking the split taking the split on the label,

Speaker  971722:40
so right? Should be interesting, yeah, yeah, but yeah, everyone's gonna have to all the three pills are gonna have to adapt and figure this out and make the money somewhere else. Because, yeah, TikTok is not having it. It's either the three PL figures out a way to integrate, or you're gonna send all your inventory to FBT,

Speaker  977759:59
yeah, that's exactly it. Yeah.

Speaker  979136:00
All right, guys, we are on the hour. That was good, one fun build with wins and needs. Let's get this group chat on WhatsApp, nice and active. I just got accepted, so you guys will be hearing from me more often. Good times, guys, appreciate you all coming.

Speaker  984949:20
All right, awesome. Good luck. Crush it out

Speaker  985765:19
there. Let's do it. You.
