Unknown Speaker  00:02
Okay, I have Brittany here.

Unknown Speaker  00:10
Hey, Brittany.

Brittany Pecsenka  00:13
Hello. How are you?

Belen Gallardo MDS  00:14
I'm good. Did you receive my email? Okay, yeah, I

Brittany Pecsenka  00:22
didn't know if it was like a blast email or if it was like a targeted, no, it was

Belen Gallardo MDS  00:27
targeted. I mean, I sent some email to a couple people, but it was very much targeted.

Brittany Pecsenka  00:33
Okay, sounds good. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Hey, Kat, you

Brian Williams  01:26
how's your day going so far? Belen and Brynne and Brittany and Pete and Angie.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Very good. So far, so good. Great to hear. Yes,

Belen Gallardo MDS  01:44
I bought a walking pad. So I've been walking in my previous hours of work before this. So

Unknown Speaker  01:51
like the treadmill without the all the Yeah,

Belen Gallardo MDS  01:54
yeah. I got it as an early gift for my birthday, so I'm excited about it. It's

Unknown Speaker  02:03
on the 29th

Brittany Pecsenka  02:08
it's crazy how you can walk and work once you get the hang of it. My team members were all like walking while we do our zoom meetings.

Belen Gallardo MDS  02:19
Yeah, you can still do it. I had to hop off the treadmill for a couple of minutes when I had to think very hard, because I just couldn't do both things at the same time. But I think I'll get the hang of it.

Brian Williams  02:41
I'll be honest, I It's kind of a lot of pressure to present in front of this group, and I haven't done it for a while, you know, I'm as you know, I'm not, I'm not terribly shy when it comes to presenting stuff, but there's a level of pressure that there exists that's different when you're presenting among your peers. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:03
and

Brian Williams  03:03
I'm always coaching the people to come on stage at our events, you know, before they come on if they're nervous and stuff, and techniques on how to, like, you know, do that. So I've been doing all that this morning for myself because I started feeling like, why am I feeling a little nervous? Like, what the heck, come on, Brian. It's

Belen Gallardo MDS  03:20
nice though, to still it means that there's something

Brian Williams  03:27
there. Yeah, it levels me up a little bit. Yeah, I want to put like junk up in front of MDS. So

Belen Gallardo MDS  03:38
Okay, hopefully

Brian Williams  03:40
it'll come across, though,

Belen Gallardo MDS  03:43
no, it would be great. You, you did like a sneak peek in the Australian, Australian mastermind, and it's really good. So you already tried this content, and it worked a little

Brian Williams  03:55
bit. Yeah, that's right. I was just like, riffing though on alcohol.

Unknown Speaker  04:12
Okay, everyone is already aware of it.

Belen Gallardo MDS  04:17
Brynne did the SMS go out oh, wait,

Brian Williams  04:25
maybe I did. I don't know I got something. I got a WhatsApp.

Brittany Pecsenka  04:27
Yes, I got this semester and message as well. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  04:33
Yeah, everything was event too. So should be good. Amazing. Oh,

Belen Gallardo MDS  04:51
Brian, what are you presenting on in Mexico?

Brian Williams  04:55
So it's similar. So this actually was not planned, because I recently got invited to speak in Mexico,

Unknown Speaker  05:04
so I'm

Brian Williams  05:06
taking what I'm talking about here and putting and put it into like a workshop style. So we're going to do well, I don't know if we'll have time to do hands on stuff today, but are you going to Mexico? Mm,

Unknown Speaker  05:18
hmm, awesome.

Belen Gallardo MDS  05:20
See you there. Where are you? Leaving for Mexico,

Brian Williams  05:23
Saturday, afternoon. Oh, nice you.

Brian Williams  06:32
This blend. This goes right till the top, yeah, right till 10. You're frozen, or I'm frozen. I'm

Belen Gallardo MDS  06:46
Yes, I'm sorry I couldn't unmute myself. I'm gonna start sharing the slides. If brand new can be super attentive to people joining, that would be great. So, yep, no problem. Amazing.

Unknown Speaker  07:02
Oh. Okay.

Belen Gallardo MDS  07:10
Okay, we have Jamie there, who's not here today, so I'm just going to cover for him for the time being. But this is the Mogul, as every Wednesday. And the first thing that I'd like you to do, if you haven't already, is download the app in your phone, have it in your home screen, check the channels. We have a bunch of channels. We're creating even more. We have fixed schedule calls for all the those top topic channels. So if you cannot make any of the mobile calls, we also have monthly Tiktok calls, monthly logistic calls, and SEO and many other things. And you also can check all the recordings from all the videos, all the mobile calls that were ever made. So that's a lot of value there. If you need your employees to access that, you can add them as team users and let me know if you need any help. Milan is coming quickly, so you have, if you haven't signed up yet, please do. I'd love to see you there. It's going to be super fun, and the summit. It's a main MDS event members only. So that's an amazing place to be to network and have value added to your lives and your businesses. We have the SMS reminders and the WhatsApp reminders that Guido reach out to me. I'll help you out with the with the login, we have both of these reminders for the Mogul call for mogul, the expert calls and maybe the channel calls too. So that's if you don't know or you're forgetful and you're missing some of the calls, just join any of this too, and you'll receive reminders if you need help getting into this, also contact me. Today's partner spotlight is app loving. Reach your ideal customers in social mobile games. We have an MDS exclusive offer of 10k in app credit. I haven't talked to them yet, but that sounds promising. So you can scan the QR code or go to the partners page and just check it out. And our guest star today is Brynne Williams. He's going to talk about funnels and building your off Amazon product sales. I know he's done this for a long time. He's been doing this for a long time, so I'm super excited for this content.

Brian Williams  09:49
Well, thank you. Belen,

Speaker 1  09:51
gonna start reporting right now, and

Brian Williams  09:54
I'm gonna share my screen as

Unknown Speaker  09:57
well, or welcome

Belen Gallardo MDS  09:59
everyone to the Mogul. We have Brian Williams talking about off Amazon products sales today. Thanks for being here.

Unknown Speaker  10:09
Hi everybody.

Brian Williams  10:11
It's good to be doing this. It's been about two, two and a half years since I've presented a mogul call. So

Unknown Speaker  10:16
I was, I was,

Brian Williams  10:19
it's been really good, because every time you present something, I find you get a little bit more dialed in on what it is that you're actually talking about, even though it's something that I've been doing for a long time. So for those of you that haven't done a mogul call yet, it can be a little nerve wracking, but it also can be pretty cool. So I'm excited to present this to you today. So I'm going to go share my screen, and let's just dive in here. And Belen, can you just confirm that you're seeing my title slide?

Unknown Speaker  10:53
Yes, looks good. Okay,

Brian Williams  10:55
great. So I love chat GPT. Does anybody not like chat GPT? I mean, I basically outline this whole thing using chat, GPT and a whole bunch of prompts, of course. And then at the end, I'm like, I wonder if it can create a nice title slide image for me. And this is what it came up with. So I'm like, Okay, I'll use that. So I call this from cold to gold, because, you know, a lot of us struggle with generating any kind of like ROAs, or return on investment, or any kind of decent results driving cold traffic, especially from meta and Google to sell our products. And this is a strategy that I've used for many, many years, and it's the tripwire sales funnel. And I'm just curious, you know, I'm not really monitoring chat, but just to kind of keep this a little bit interactive, if you know what a tripwire sales funnel is, put a one in the chat. If you don't know what it is, put a two in the chat, just seeing if you guys are awake out there. But I'm going to explain everything and why this is important, and I'm going to show you some real results, and just I'm going to give you as much as I can here in this next 50 minutes. So here's some of the reasons why you might want to consider this for your business. One, it works great with meta and Google, traffic, cold traffic, people who don't know who you are and that, and that's where this fits into the mix. While you're doing it, you're building a qualified email list, you're increasing your brand, search awareness on Amazon. You're selling your products on Shopify or off Amazon as well. And it's really, really ideal for anyone that's got an item that's that you have on subscription, like Subscribe and Save, or something higher ticket. So higher ticket, you know, something like in that 7500 $150 or more range. It's best for that. It can work for lower ticket items that aren't subscriptions, but it's not. It takes a lot more effort that way. And then the other thing is, it really gives you a competitive advantage, and it differentiates you from probably almost everyone who's advertising in your space, because so few e com brands and product brands are using this strategy and this technique. So when you do it, it stands out, and you become known for it. So, and you'll see why in just a moment. Okay, first, does anybody know what this thing is? Okay? Or anybody remember the credit card knife? I'm you know, okay. So this is where I got my inspiration, and my buddy Perry actually is the one who's responsible for this. And he sold over a million of these credit card knives back in the day, probably 1314, even 15 years ago. And it got to the point where he was giving away so many of these credit card knives he was getting out of China that one day I walked into get on an airplane here in Vegas, and there was a sign that got put up, and it was on a on a little piece of paper, and it had a picture of this knife, and it said, This is not TSA compliant. That's how many knives he was given away. That it literally triggered TSA to have to warn customers that if they have this in their wallet, they're not going to be able to get on the flight. So and he used this as his trip wire to sell his survival life subscription program for 1995 a month. So, and this is the inspiration that I used to create a little bit of my own version of this, this whole concept, and it can work for pretty much anything. So here's some of the recent stats. So you see that I'm like, I have dates on here. This is real screenshots, real data. This just happens. So you i Everything's based on this one month view from March 22 to April 23 on something that I launched recently. So here are kind of the date, the dates, the stats in this month time period, we spent about $10,000 on meta ads only. It was just, we just did this on meta. We got almost 2000 full data, opt ins, full data, meaning name, email, phone, physical mailing address. Okay, so 2000 of those, almost 535 people took us up on the trip wire offer, which I'll show you. Show you how that works. We sold 38 on the upsell, which is low by the way, that's a very low conversion percentage. We'll talk about that in a moment. But we also got 83 subscribers on the back end through the email and SMS back end marketing, which is really where the magic happened for this particular funnel, because now that's $2,500 a month in recurring revenue from those 83 subscribers. So for those of you that have a subscription model and supplements or food or snacks or consumables, this can be super powerful as well. Here's the ad. The ads again, the same dates, 22nd to the 23rd of April, just so you can see, I know you guys won't trust it unless you can see actual data here. So that's why I'm showing you these screenshots, so you can see, but also, what's important to note is it's not like a huge amount of money that you have to spend to get results. You can see there's the $9,996 over the over a 30 day period on ads. And you can kind of see that overall, like our cost to acquire customers for at the tripwire level, settled in right around $15 between the front end campaigns, the retargeting campaigns and some other things. So, just so you can, kind of do math, you know, if, if you can afford to spend 15 bucks to acquire a tripwire customer that that, that returns on the back end, and then this, this could work really well for you. And I was I mentioned the the effect it has on branded search on Amazon. So I wanted to show you this. So I got involved in this particular business late last year. Prior to that, these guys ran a whole bunch of meta ads. And so I wanted to show you this. So this is the key word primal power, which is the brand name. My brand name on helium 10 for Amazon, back when they were running ads before they spent almost $30,000 in the same time period and had a cost to acquire a customer of $225 which, you know, you may be looking at that going, yeah, that's, that's what we get when we try to sell a $50 thing using a meta ad direct to selling on Shopify. And, or maybe, maybe you do better than that. But I've heard numbers like this throughout the community and, and so that was interesting to see. But, and you can see, this is just the keyword search for the brand name, right? And it was up on Amazon, of course, when they were running meta ads back, you know, that back a year or so ago, and then it dropped off when they killed that campaign, because, obviously it wasn't working, at least it wasn't profitable. And we, when we relaunched this on meta, we got a similar lift on the branded search on Amazon for a whole lot less money, you know, almost a third of that. So you get some really nice out off meta benefit when you do this for a lot less money. So if you just do it for that, it actually might make some sense, because it'll lift your branded search on Amazon for a lot less money. And you don't have to spend $10,000 you could spend $3,000 or $2,000 for this too, you know. So that's why I wanted to show you all this. In case you're thinking, huh? I wonder, what else? What other? What are the other side benefits, benefits of this? And I'm going to do this too throughout the the talk today, I'll pause and take some questions, or maybe Belen, if questions come in, you can just let me know, and I'll, I'll see if I can get it get to as many of these in real time as possible, because I'm not looking at the chat. What's that?

Belen Gallardo MDS  18:31
I'll let you know. Yes, okay,

Brian Williams  18:33
okay, cool. So that's the setup. Okay, that's why, hopefully you know something in what I just showed you either here or here on why you might want to do this. That's the setup to keep you hooked as to learning about what this is, how it might work for your business and and all that. So let's get into the kind of presentation part now. So this is what it is. You might be. You might have expected something more complicated, but this is it. This is the three main components to the tripwire. I mean, there's, there's some back end stuff we'll talk about too, but it's basically advertising. And these ads, you know, for the example I'm going to show you today, was 100% on meta, but this works for Google ads. This works really well for offline advertising. The last time I ran one of these, we were promoting this offer, a tripwire offer on radio. We were offering this in targeted print magazines, and it converted very, very well. And again, it also stood out from all the other competitors, because we were giving away a trip wire offer to acquire the customers. And it really, it really works well in all a lot of cold forms of advertising. So basically, you have an ad that's going to drive some sort of traffic to this thing, which is called a tripwire. And I'm going to show you exactly how to build this thing and what it is, and you'll start thinking about ideas and how it might might apply to your business in a moment. And then they take the trip wire, and once they trip over, it right up, I got, you know, they got me. We audit, we immediately upsell them in the funnel with a one click upsell. And we also immediately start to target them via email, Facebook ads, SMS and all that stuff to get them to buy our thing. Basically, the, and you've all experienced this, you've probably all bought one of these, or been suckered into one of these. You know, several times these things were made popular by authors when they were giving away free books, you know, to raise their Amazon, you know, ranking. Sometimes these things are called free plus shipping offers where, you know the thing is, quote, unquote free, and you pay a small amount of money, like two or $3 to have it shipped to you. That's what a trip wire is, basically. And I'm going to explain in pretty good detail here what makes for a great trip wire, because this is the key to this. If you miss this next part, that's then everything else kind of falls apart. You got to have a great trip wire offer. And it's not necessarily as obvious as one would think, and there's some Yeah, so I'm going to go through what that is next. Any questions before I get into the great tripwire Belen, All right, moving on. So here we go. So what the heck is a great tripwire offer? I'm going to show you the five things that I believe you should have in your tripwire offer. And the first two are things you must have. Otherwise it's just not. It's the whole thing. The rest of the thing is going to fall apart. The other three, I guess, you can somewhat decide whether you want to do these or not. But the first and most important thing is the thing you're going to give as your tripwire absolutely must. Must attract your ideal customer. And you really have to ask yourself the question of, if the person wants this thing or takes this thing, does that mean that they are a great candidate for what I really want to sell them, right? Either a subscription or a higher ticket thing or other things in my, in my in my inventory. It has to do that. Otherwise it doesn't work. It's, there's no point. And and it's, and it. And one thing I'll also say is it doesn't have to be something that you already sell. In fact, I'm going to show you in a moment, something that I used in the past, that we used as a trip wire. We didn't sell this thing at all but, but it qualified the customer. So I knew that if they wanted the trip wire thing I'm going to I gave them, that they would be a great candidate for what I wanted to sell them. And so you don't have to have something that you yourself make, that you sell that you can give away. So you can get cheap stuff from China, if it's still cheap from China or another country, and use as your trip wire offer. Or you can even use a sheet of paper, honestly, and I'll show you, so I'll explain what that is in a moment. You must ship it. Okay? I always get this question, well, what if I just give something like a digital, you know, thing, like a video series or a training course, or, you know, a PDF that they can download that doesn't work, that does not work to sell physical products, and you must, just like, succumb to the fact that you need to ship this thing, and it's a psychological thing, and it also helps You get the data that you need, because I mentioned earlier that in this Latin in the month that I showed you here, we had almost 2000 full data opt ins. That's because we're shipping something right. They understand the customer understands that if you're shipping something in the mail, they must give you their name, their email, their phone and their shipping address. And I'm going to show you the technique that we use to get all that in a moment. And then the other things that you know you want is you want to make sure it's inexpensive. You want to make sure it's not just inexpensive to make your cogs, if you will, on the product that you're going to use as a trip buyer. But you also want to make sure it's inexpensive to ship, so size matters here, right? You know, if you can pop it into a regular envelope and lick a stamp and stick it that's the best. Those are hard to find of things that might be of interest to the customer. But you really want to make it as least expensive as possible to get this thing into the hands of the customer, as long as it as long as it meets the number one and number two right criteria. It's got to be easy to explain. You want to be able to, like, literally, be, you know, be able to go on radio and explain this without anybody seeing it, and they'll get it immediately. So it has to be really easy to explain, so that you can advertise it everywhere. And when I say, advertise everywhere, you know, don't pick something that's gonna have, like Terms of Service restrictions or, you know, make it difficult for you to advertise on meta, you know, or anywhere. So make it so that it's just benign, like it's not you're not going to have any TOS violations, or get get your ads banned or something like that. You know, advertise it everywhere. Is what you want these things to be able to be done. Any questions on this yet. Before I show you some examples. Okay, let's move on. So here are two trip wires that I've used, two trip wire products that I've used recently. So the first one is this shooting target, and I used this when I was in the firearms accessories business, which is a really difficult brand to advertise on meta. They don't like people advertising firearm stuff on meta for some reason. And so we, part of our inspiration for the tripwire was, well, what are we going to do to advertise on meta successfully? And we knew at that time that every one of our customers needed to meet two main requirements. And this is where the idea for the target came up. They had to own a firearm, like a pistol specifically, and they had to like to shoot it at the shooting range. Those were the two things that, if I could get a room full of those people, people that owned a pistol and like to shoot it at the firing range. If I had a room full of those people that was my then I could probably sell my thing, my my higher ticket thing, which is $125 training system. And so I thought, well, what would all of those people want to get for free? That's inexpensive, but I can advertise everywhere. It's cheap to make, cheap to ship. And that is where we came up with the idea of a paper shooting target. And we gave these things away. We didn't sell paper shooting targets, but we gave them away to build the list and get people to upsell into the thing we really wanted to have them buy. So that's an example of something that is something that I didn't sell, but used as a giveaway to get to build my customer base. On the other hand, the more recent offer we have is a energy bar, which is what we sell. So if you have a business where I can supplements or snacks or even some sort of like paper consumables or or things that that need to be or even like plastic bags or whatever, that whatever has a reorder type thing. Give that thing away as you can try to use that as a giveaway to capture your customer. So in the latest example, we're giving away our product as a sample. Not any different than if you went to a trade show and you popped up a booth and you're giving away samples of your thing to get people interested in in buying it, buying buying what it is that you have. It's way better to give that away or something that they want than a key chain with your logo on, by the way. So that doesn't make for probably a very good chip wire. For those in love with your logo, don't give away key chains with your logo. You want to give something away that's going to get your buyer build your buyer list.

Brian Williams  27:40
And so I thought it would be fun to show you how to come up with ideas for your own trip wire. And it turns out that, you know, you and your team could could sit around a table or get on a zoom call and brainstorm a bunch of ideas, which is great, and we and we do that as well, but you can also use chat GPT. And so we actually have one of our members here that I I use this example for, and you'll see this. So if you go to chat GPT and type in, do you know what a tripwire sales funnel is? This is my prompt. And are you familiar with what kinds of items can be used effectively? It knows. And I just took a I didn't you know, this goes on and on and on about showing you that that chat GPT knows what this thing is, right? And if you even read some of the language, I didn't prompt it to come up with this. It says, reduce friction to purchase. Turn a cold lead into a paying customer, create momentum for higher ticket offers, right? Does this sound familiar? This is from, right, from chat GPT. And so that's, that's what it is. And so it knows it, so you don't even have to train it What the heck it is. And then you get to get really good at prompting it for ideas. So it would be really cool if some of you are willing to, like, put in some ideas for trip wires into the chat room here, just to share with the rest of the community, like some ideas and get the get everybody's minds thinking about what might make for a good trip wire for for your product. I mean, obviously, if you're in food, snack, supplements or something like that, yeah, you can give away a sample of your thing. But there's other other ways of attracting your customers, well, without giving away your product. So what I thought is, I'd show you a real example here of using chat, GPT on a difficult, kind of difficult product that one of our members sells, which is a grinder that grinds marijuana, and he's here on the call. So, Gustavo, you're welcome, because I'm about to give you something for free here. So and you know, Facebook doesn't like you advertising things. You probably can't even use the word cannabis on Facebook. I don't I've never been in that industry, but I'm sure Gustavo can explain that. So what do you do? How do you how do you sell your thing, if you can't use the words that are used to describe what it is that you sell? So I asked chat GPT, all right, so let's so what if I have something that has all kinds of restrictions, like it's used to grind up marijuana. What kinds of ideas can can can we come up with for i for tripwire offers that are going to attract my customer, that they they're something that they want, that's inexpensive, that I can give away, next for, next to nothing. And look at how chat GPT understands this prompt. It says, so something that will not have, won't have to deal with AD restrictions, something that's offer adjacent, but not restricted language that speaks to lifestyle and deliver and upsells them. And so I'm going to actually show you some of the ideas that chat GPT gave me, and I'm going to just unspar my screen here and re share over here, so you can see how cool this is, at least. I think it's cool. You may not your tripwire funnel. Is this it? Yeah. Can you see that? Yeah. So here's what it came up with based on that prompt, an odor proof pocket pouch. Now you could probably buy these for about 50 cents, and you can probably put them in an envelope and put a stamp on it. I like that one a lot. So you're giving away an odor odor proof pocket pouch, right? Why? Because if someone get wants that, there's a good chance that they might actually be a cannabis user or a storage tube or a mini rolling tray or a chill kit, right? I'm not going to agree about what these are, but if you just go in here and start prompting chat GPT like this, you will get a boatload of really interesting ideas that you can use for your own your own brand, your own product. So if you're like, Oh, my, you know, my product won't work for this, or my line of products won't work for this, I bet it will. You just got to get a little bit more creative. And you know, feel free to use our friend chat for that. All right, let's go back to my presentation. Any questions yet?

Belen Gallardo MDS  32:00
Belen, not yet you're being very clear. Okay,

Brian Williams  32:05
I'm trying to get through everything as quickly as I can. So in the leave some room at the end. Where did I go? Where did my presentation go? Did I just kill my presentation? Hold on, folks. Where did oh, there it is.

Speaker 1  32:19
Okay. I All right, play, Okay, we're back. Okay. So

Brian Williams  32:29
what do you need in terms of your tech stack, right? This is a question that you should have. So here it is. So here's the tech stack. You need four things. You need Click Funnels or something like it to build your funnel. I like Click Funnels because it's simple, it's easy, and the the templates right out of the box just work. They convert really well, and they look good on mobile, which is where 90% of your business is going to come from. And so it just works. You know, you can do this, you can, you can, you know, monkey with Shopify landing page software. Or you can use other, other land other funnel softwares. I prefer Click Funnels. And the other thing is, you, you only need the click funnel classic version, which is like 80 bucks a month. You don't need their new, fancy stuff. So you can, you can use the old school click funnel stuff for that you need Shopify because you want your orders that are for the trip wires and the upsells and everything to go into your Shopify store. And to do that, you need another little thing called clickify Pro. And I took a screenshot of that because this is an app that is in that is available to you inside of your Shopify app store, and we found this thing. Some guy built it. And the reason this is super important, and you'll all get this when I explain it, is if you take an order off of Shopify for, let's say your your your trip wire, funnel, like your in my I'll just use my example for the energy bar thing that's going to create an order in Shopify for the for the energy bar sample. But what happens when they go to the upsell and they add the upsell to that order, right? Because you want them to do that. So let's say the upsell is for a full box of your thing, right? So now you've got an order for the trip wire, and then you have another order for the upsell, and then if when you get fancy and you start doing down sells and other things in the funnel, then you have another order. And so all of a sudden you've got one customer with three different orders in your shop, in Shopify, so you have three different ship shipping manifests for one customer. You don't want to do that, right? It's way too expensive, way too confusing. You want to put it all in the same box. And your fulfillment center needs to know that this app, clickify Pro takes all the things that are happening inside of the click funnel, funnel, and it it merges all those into one order before it pushes it into a fulfillable order inside of your Shopify platform that so that's why this is an essential app to add on to Shopify, if you're going to do this strategy, and the last thing is clavio or something to send out your emails, your SMS messages, so you can get the back end benefits of converting all the everybody that that came on your list from this that's pretty much it. That's the that's the full tech stack that you need for running this stuff. You should probably already have Shopify and Klaviyo. So all you need to do is just get your get get something to build the funnel, and have this app to your to your Shopify store, so that it does that order, that order combination effect. Now, as you build these things out, you can have some fun. So I showed you this thing in the center, add strip bar, upsell. But you can also, within Click Funnels, do things like down sells. So let's say they take your trip wire, but they don't take the upsell. You can have a down sell offer. So maybe your upsell is for something that costs 50 bucks, but you're so the if they, if they don't take it, maybe your down sell this to break it up into two payments or something that's less expensive, or or a subscription offer, or something like that. So you can, you can do that within, within the same session, within Click Funnels, or you can do what we call it, profit maximizer, right? So if look, if they took the upsell for, let's say, one box of your, of your stuff, maybe they'll take three more, right? Who knows? And so you, you try to bump them into a into a three box offer, so you can get more profit off that front end ad spend. So those are things that you can start adding later on. I really highly recommend you don't start with that. I highly recommend you start with something very, very simple, which is just a trip wire and an upsell period. And then once that starts rolling, you can start adding to this thing and increasing your profitability.

Belen Gallardo MDS  36:44
You have a question. Finally, Gustavo is asking the good time

Brian Williams  36:47
for it, because I'm about to get into the actual ads and the design and everything else that we use for these things. So perfect time.

Belen Gallardo MDS  36:54
Great. So Gustavo is asking, can you use WooCommerce and fulfill from MCX?

Brian Williams  36:59
So yes, you definitely can use any e commerce platform. It doesn't have to be Shopify. I do not know what you would need to do in order to do that order combination inside of WooCommerce, because that app this year, this clickify Pro app, is specifically made for Shopify. So I'm sure there's a way to do it, though, right? If you have a WooCommerce developer, I'm sure they can figure this out. Or there may already be some sort of a plug in a WordPress plugin or something like that that does this, that you'd have to research that. But yeah, you can use WooCommerce, you can use magenta, you can use whatever econ platform you want. All right, so I I'm imagining you might want to see, like the ads that we use, the actual tripwire, funnel pages and the emails. Or we can just end the call here, and I can just take a few more

Unknown Speaker  37:58
questions. What do you think Belen? All right.

Brian Williams  38:02
You know, I really much prefer being in front of a room so I can see people's facial expressions and stuff when they, when I, when I make these horrible jokes, which everybody knows, knows me for. All right, so top of funnel ads. So at the very top of this thing is your ads. And you know, it really, it doesn't take a whole lot now we put more, way more effort into our ads than we needed to. I'm going to show you these because some of them are kind of fun and some of them are kind of polarizing. But you can do whatever you want on the and just keep testing the keep testing different ads. You can use videos. You can use still images. We like to use video. And so I'll show you a couple of what they look like. So here we go. I'm gonna play some of these, and yes, you'll figure out why Elon Musk is on there in just a

Unknown Speaker  38:49
second. Tastes great and all the energy I need,

Brittany Pecsenka  38:53
I can literally feel the energy difference.

Speaker 2  38:56
I was skeptical. I don't like liver, but now I'm obsessed primal power. The energy is real. Get two free bars right now. Taste the difference and feel the energy boost for yourself. Click below to claim yours fuel the warrior.

Brian Williams  39:12
Okay, so the most important part about this ad is this last part here, which is the call to action at the end, and this call to action at the end is consistent throughout all of our ads. It might be in a different voice or might be said just slightly differently, but this image and this call to action is consistent across every single ad creative that we run, whether it's a still image or a video like this, because people are going to be seeing this thing a lot and and it's going to match perfectly with what you have on your landing page. Does anybody want to see the Elon Musk ad?

Unknown Speaker  39:48
Okay, I'll just play it.

Speaker 3  39:50
If a super smart billionaire and a cave woman had a baby, this is what he'd eat, primal power. Energy bars, the most bioavailable nutrition that nature can offer right now, you can get two primal power energy bars for free and try them for yourself. Just click below to get yours. Well,

Brian Williams  40:08
there you go. Looks identical, right? And that's why I put these things side by side, so you can see that the call to action is the same all the time when you're running these things, until you change it. If you want to change it later, you can. But while you're running these ads, you can run hundreds of them at it at the same time. So make sure your call to action is very, very consistent. This is another style ad that works really, really well. Some of you may remember from years ago where I taught a strategy on how you can get hundreds of testimonials when you do trade shows. So this is an example of that where someone in the booth just had an iPhone, and they started asking people who were sampling the product at a trade show for their feedback. And this is what came out.

Speaker 4  40:49
I had no idea that it had liver in there, because usually liver has a very pronounced taste. You can't even taste it

Brian Williams  40:56
fuel. There's the warrior boom, same call to action screen, right, consistently. So this is a different type of ad, very easy to create, simple to mash up, and I'm not going to play the next one. I'm just going to keep going. You get the idea? So I'm kind of, oh, that's why I put this in here. I actually, I'm going to, I'm going to skip over this a little bit. Alright? So one thing that's really, really important, and I don't I just wanted to add this in here. For those of you that are running Facebook ads, make sure you're monitoring the comments on your Facebook ads. This is a little bonus for those of you that don't know about this or aren't monitoring this. So we have this ad that is all AI generated and whatever. I didn't show it, but we got a lot of comments. We got a lot of comments on the Elon ad. I'll show you some of those in a moment. But you can see here where, you know, someone said, Ooh, I would, I wouldn't eat liver. And someone else comes in and says, you know, something else. And someone else comes in and says, you know, why would you eat the bar that tastes like Soylent Soylent Brown. I don't even know what that is, so it's kind of negative, right? So you know, our philosophy on that is to have some fun with it. So we just responded with, take a breath. It's just an energy bar, but you can do whatever you want, but don't let these comments go unresponded to, right? Be present, be out there. Show the show the show the world. You're not normally responding to the people that are leaving the comments or responding to the public that's looking at your ads. Looking at your ads. In this case, the guy that actually left the comment responded saying he was just trying to make a joke about it, but but comment on everything or hide them. You can go in and hide the comments, which we did a lot of on our friend Elon. So these are all comments that we hid. Now, the cool thing about hiding comments on Facebook, and you can read these and laugh, and you can find it funny or whatever, but is the person who leaves the comment doesn't actually know you hit it. They still see it if they come back to the ad, but no one else does. So you can hide the comments, and there noone else can see them other than the person who left the comment. So you know, these are, you know, I don't know. Apparently, there's a lot of energy around Elon these days. And of course, there's this lovely comment too, which we hit. But you know, so just be, be mindful. You just want to know what people are doing on your on your ad comments. Okay, so that's your, your free tip on that. Alright. Funnel pages. What do these things look like? Let's break it down. This is it. This is your landing page for your trip wire. That's the whole thing, by the way. There's nothing below it. There's nothing around it. That's it. It's so simple, and it works really well on desktop. It works really well on mobile. I'm going to kind of show you some of the things that may not be totally obvious to the casual observer that are going on here. First is, we don't say anything about this product yet. I mean, we haven't even showed anyone really the ingredients. We have a little link down there that we added later for looking at what the ingredients of this thing are, because we were getting a lot of questions of those, by the way, that's another reason to read the comments and the ads. That was one of the most popular questions was, what are the ingredients? Which is an obvious thing, right? But we want to get what we call a baseline. We want to make it so simple, so clean. Before we add anything to this page, we don't want testimonials to we don't know what's going to work, what's going to increase conversion, what's going to decrease conversion. So we choose to just make a strip it back, because you can always add to it. What a lot of us tend to do is like, oh, we need testimonials. We need to have our our image stack on there. We need to have, you know, the brand story on there. We need to have the founder video on there. No, don't put any of that on this page when you start out. Keep it simple. Show a picture of your thing. A very, you know, reinforce what they're getting, right? You're getting two in this case, you're getting two things, two free things, and order form. That's it. You can always add stuff later, and measure did that affect conversion rate one way or the other? If you add everything up front, you never really know what's what's working. So this is what we call getting a baseline. The second thing that may not be obvious is you use this thing called a two part order form, and I'm going to show you that, and I'll break that down in just a moment here. And some of this copy is really, really, really simple, but also very strategic, like the copy under where it says shipping. You might not see that very clearly, but it says, where should we ship your free bars. That specific copy is gold, is absolute gold, as well as the copy that reinforces that copy on the button in the green part, send my free bars click. So we have a tendency to use fancy language. And you know, what should we put in there? Just tell what. Tell them what it is, right, really simple second grade language. Don't over complicate this thing. But, and then, yeah. So here are the things that you are I call them tripwire page law. Must use a two part order form, which I'm going to break down in just a moment. You must exactly match the top of funnel DOF, top of funnel ad offer, right? So that's why I showed you that on the back side of all the ads, it's the same, and it looks almost exactly the same when they get to that landing page. That's super, super help. Important. That's how you get a 70% conversion rate, as we have on opt ins. So you know, it's, it's not common to get a 70% or 80% in some cases, conversion rate on those landing pages. But if you do it like this, you there's a good chance you will and use this copy. Where should we ship your free thing? Because that's the offer they're responding to. That's what they want. And bonus I mentioned this start with a baseline, before you get creative. Strip it back to its bare, bare, bare bones. And once, and if that works, if you get any kind of like life in the funnel, if you will, on a bare bones baseline, simple, boring page, then you know you got you might be on to something. That's another reason I like starting with the baseline bare bones thing. So here's the two part order form. Many of you are probably familiar with this. What happens is you fill out the name, email, phone and shipping address, send my free thing, right? Because they're like in the they're in the mode, I'm my free thing. That's what they're promoting. Now subtly, we do say, right, just cover $1 to ship it. Right? We're not hiding that fact, but we're not making it a big point either. Okay, in our case, we're charging $1 you can charge whatever you want. I like to test low and raise it up to see if how it converts. So start with $1 if you want raise it to $2 raise it to $3 to help recover some of your ad cost or whatever. But you can choose however you want to do it. And then this and when, when they hit semi free bars, the only thing left is their credit card number. And so then it's simply put the credit card number eight. And the cool thing about that is, once they hit Send my free bars, I got full data on that, on that, on that person. And that's the first list that you're building. Is the opt in list with full data. The second list you're building, obviously, is the people that take you up on the bar by putting in their credit card. And the nice thing about that, and this is why you need to ship something, otherwise they won't do this, is, once they put their credit card in inside of Click Funnels, you can now a one click up, sell them into upsells, down, sales, cross sells, profit maximizers and everything else that you want to until the cows come home, that. So that's how that comes in. And we slightly change the language on the button, ship my free bars now for just $1 so we added that in there on the left hook up. So any questions on this at all? No, okay, and then this was the upsell offer. We started with very simple. We didn't get a very good conversion on this. We've We've since switched this, but, you know, it's just something to get some extra dollars into the into the cart and and you can split test these things. I think you can have a limited split test inside of Click Funnels on these offers. So this is where you want to play around with all kinds of different things, where you can start to sell what you actually want to sell them. In this case, a box of bars, but whatever it is that you have. And in the previous in the previous business, it was our training system, so they got the free target. Then it was an upsell to the training system, or a light version of the training system that we offered for firearms.

Brian Williams  49:38
And then finally, email segments. You know, one of the nice side effects. Result of this is you get to build these great email lists. So there's really three primary lists that you're going to build from what I just showed you. One is your opt ins, which, you know, in our world we also call abandon cards, right? Because if they opt in, but they don't put their credit card in, it's like an abandoned cart. So that's your biggest list. That's the 2000 that we generated over that month for the that I showed you before. So that's your that's one list, and you can just hammer that list. Don't be shy. Email them. Text them every day, multiple times a day. You have nothing to lose. It doesn't cost you a dime, really. So just hammer them. Get them to buy your thing until they unsubscribe. The next two lists are the people that take you up on the trip wire, which is the net your next biggest list in this example, we did, I think 515 or 520 trip wires during that same time frame. So about 25% of the opt ins took the trip wire. And then the third list is those that take the upsell or the down sell or the profit maximize whatever you have built in there. And so you have these three really, really nice lists that you can work and treat differently in your funnel and get them into whatever it is you want to. And you can use these lists in all kinds of ways. Right? If you use these lists just to help launch products on Amazon, use them. Put your actual put your Amazon, your your brand attribution links on this list, and send the traffic to your Amazon listing. You can use you can use these lists for a lot of things. Obviously, you can use them to create audiences on Facebook ads, Google ads, and look like audiences and things like that as well. So as you run this campaign, and the list keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger and the algorithm keeps getting better better the ad algorithms. It just gets more and more efficient over time. And so you can start these things that we started ours at, I think, $100 a day budget, and then started to increase it as we started seeing some results. So you don't really have you can dive in pretty with a pretty low, pretty low exposure on the on these things relative to most other types of meta and Google ads or agencies that are running these things that are going to charge you 10, 2050, 100, $200,000 a month, you know, in AD costs for maybe nothing so, so at least here, you're building List. You're building you're building brand awareness throughout everything. And one thing I didn't, I didn't show you, I was going to point this out, is, you know, this, this, this campaign over this month, got well over, like, two or 300,000 impressions on Facebook, 10s of 1000s of video views of our of our videos. So you get all that, as well as part of this as a kind of a side benefit. That's my presentation. We've got some time for some Q and A I'm happy to to stick around and answer questions. Help you build your funnel here, if you want. We can brainstorm some ideas for you. But let's, let's go. Let's have some fun.

Belen Gallardo MDS  52:38
There are a couple of questions in the chat. I don't know if you can see them.

Brian Williams  52:42
Look at them.

Unknown Speaker  52:45
Alright, I I'm in chat now. I'm scrolling,

Brian Williams  52:47
scrolling, trying. Hey, thanks for those that participated with the ones and twos earlier. Okay, do you Yeah? So I do we answered that. Do we charge for shipping? Yes, you know. And you can in the with the shooting targets, we were charging, I think 295, for those, so you can charge whatever amount you want. Just keep it, make it no brainer. The idea isn't to make money on the trip wire. The idea is to make money on what you want to sell them on the back end. Yes, we do actually throw I didn't show that on the screenshot, Matthew, but we do it. We use a lot of SMS, especially on the opt in slash, abandoned cart list, lots of SMS going out to them.

Unknown Speaker  53:34
That was last question.

Belen Gallardo MDS  53:41
There's a new there's a new one, and there's, there's a couple one. How can you email them if they don't purchase what percentage discount Have you tried? What works and what doesn't? What Facebook I've seen? Okay,

Brian Williams  53:58
so the reason that we're emailing them, let me. Let me go back to that two part order form. The reason that we're, excuse me, the reason that we're able to email people is this because we use this two part order form as my chat window in

Unknown Speaker  54:16
the way. No, I'm just seeing that. Okay,

Brian Williams  54:21
let me do this again. So the reason that we can do that is we ask on the first part of the order form, where should we ship your free thing? And we get all their data, including their shipping address, their their phone number, their email. So as soon as they hit, as soon as they click, ship, send my my thing we have. We capture all that even if they don't take the trip wire. So that's how we're able to email and text message people without them even putting in their credit card or buying anything from us. And the reason we have such a high conversion rate, 70 to 80% on these opt ins is because of the psychology behind this. The person who's on this page is expecting that you're going to send them whatever it is for free, right? So they realize, in their, in their, in their mind, well, obviously they need my shipping address, which is where that language comes in of where should we ship your free fill in the fill in the blank. So they're in that mindset that it makes sense to the customer. That's why these conversion rates are so high on the on the opt ins. I think that. I hope that answers your question, not I will

Unknown Speaker  55:35
back to it all right, what else is here

Brian Williams  55:39
for the upsell? What percentage discount? Oh, we've tried. So it's a great question. Ramon, we try everything. So we've, you know, on that one, I showed where we were, I think on that screenshot, it showed 40% we tried, 3025, 5045, all over the place, and and we want to obviously have the least amount of discount for the best, best result. So just keep testing. Just Just keep testing different different numbers until you figure out what your particular audience likes. Matthew, what Facebook ad objective? That's a really good question as well. So, and I'm also going to add a little bit to that question. I'm going to talk about the ad objective. I'm also going to talk about the targeting. And so our objective for the ad is conversion, off on the tripwire. That's our number. That's our primary objective. We're optimizing the ads to get the trip wire conversion, pixel to fire when someone takes that free plus shipping offer, that's that's the primary objective that we're optimizing the ads for in terms of targeting, which you didn't ask, but I'll all, I'll talk about that anyway, is we just let Facebook we just let Facebook target for us. We, other than putting in like, you know, people over the age of 21 or something, we don't really do any level of targeting on the cold traffic. Now, once we as we build the list and we get the opt in list and things like that, we start playing around with look alike audiences and things like that, but we just let Facebook algorithm optimize based on that conversion metric, and it does a really good job. What do I think about collecting SMX consents? I probably should have will be doing that. So yeah, we weren't, but we probably should So, and we, I haven't tested that. See, upsell, you're offering discount the upsell. You were offering discount on the upsell when the purchase. Would this work on tick on tick tock. I don't know. I have not run so I don't know. I've not run a trip wire offer on Tech Talk ads, I don't know. And, yeah, I don't know that it probably would work, though. I mean, certainly worth testing it. And like I said, once you build the funnel, you build it in a way where you can advertise it anywhere. So yeah, you could advertise it on tech talk as well. Just haven't, I haven't tried it yet. A man is email. Yes, email is mandatory, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  58:33
We make,

Brian Williams  58:35
I believe we make all the fields mandatory. Yeah, we make all the mandatory. Now it doesn't mean everybody's going to give you good data. You know there is, there are those five or 6% that give you bogus data, but, yeah, we make all that mandatory for sure.

Brian Williams  58:56
Can anybody see themselves doing this and their business? Can anybody, I'd just be curious if, like, you know, put a wire, raise your hand. Or, like, Can anybody see doing this? Or has anybody else done this kind of thing in their business? By several of you could, okay,

Unknown Speaker  59:17
okay, great, good. I'm glad

Brian Williams  59:19
tried this with free papers. Okay, that makes sense. Well, there you got some new ideas too. Gustavo from chatgpt today. So should, should you do verify? Yeah, I mean, Yuri, absolutely, you know, I think that's a great, a great addition. Great, Great suggestion to do email verifications to avoid fake emails. Yeah, I think that's something that you could also do. But again, I wouldn't get too hung up on dotting all these eyes and crossing all these t's when you when you start testing in the beginning, you want to get a baseline just to see if, if it even has like legs right? And you don't know until you start running the ads, like it's when you start running those ads and, and I will tell you this, you should get a nearly immediate conversion when you run these ads. And when I say immediate, if you don't have a tripwire order within a few hours of these ads going live, then there's something wrong. Like, literally, that's how immediate you should be getting a result. If you don't get a tripwire order within a few hours of running these ads, stop it, kill it, and go back and change the offer. So you're this is not something where your ad agency is telling you, well, we just need another few months to like, season the campaign and have the Facebook algorithm learn my stuff. That's bullshit. You should be seeing tripwire sales within a few hours, by the way. I don't I have not yet met an ad agency that will run this kind of campaign. They don't like it. They don't understand it. Maybe they're afraid of it. I don't know. I thank you, Chad, yes, you are probably right on that. I'm sure you are why you need their shipping address, don't you just want their email address? So from Jill, if we offer something like an ebook, I knew this question would come up. So thank you for asking it, and I, I addressed this early, early, early on. So the tendency for us, because we're entrepreneurs and we're cash flow sensitive, is, well, why don't, why do I have to ship anything? Why can't I just lower my cost and avoid, you know, having all that, right, and just give them something like an ebook or a PDF or a video course or something digital. I mean, I can give you the simple answer, why not to do that, which is because it won't work. That's the simple answer. I've tried it hundreds of dozens of times, and I think it has to do with the whole psychology of the buyer. Here, the mindset of the buyer, if you like. If you do that, your opt in rate on the landing page will drop from the 6070, 80% that we get on on a physical item to probably down to like 1820, 22% so you're wasting your ad money, because one of the primary bits of gold from this whole thing is the list, because that's where you're going to convert. On the back end. In our case, we got 83 subscribers from that list during that, during this, during this time period. So they won't. You're just, you're killing the whole point of doing it by doing something digital and trying to skip the part of shipping them something in the mail. Now, if you can get really creative and ship them something so inexpensive you can pop it into an envelope, probably, but you really need to ship something, or they're just not going to fill out the you're going to you're going to miss the opportunity. And that's why it's a psychology thing. We have not yet found anything digital that's that's valuable enough for them to put all that information in and put their credit card

Brian Williams  1:03:13
in on your retargeting, I'm assuming that all of your data auto fills so leaves. You know, I don't know that answer. Man, I'm gonna check. I honestly don't know, but I will definitely look into that, that that that would be helpful. I know that on the on the order forms, I can click funnels and a lot of Shopify. Now, it kind of auto fills, especially when people are buying on mobile anyway. But I'll

Unknown Speaker  1:03:39
look into that. I don't know.

Brian Williams  1:03:48
Well, look, I hope this was helpful. I hope this inspired some of you to like think outside the box a bit.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:57
And you know,

Brian Williams  1:04:00
I'm pretty much you know who I am. You can reach out to me if you have any questions, if you want to run any kind of like ideas by me about what makes for a good trip buyer offer. I'm happy to help you out with that. And I really do hope that I really would hope to hear from some of you that you've actually tried to implement this thing for your business. And maybe this can you know, for those of you that are wanting to expand off of Amazon and get some value out of meta and Google and other forms of advertising this, this could be really, really huge for you. So that is thank you everybody for your comments. I appreciate

Belen Gallardo MDS  1:04:39
that. Thank you, Brian. It was great. Thank you for your time and thank you everyone for being here.

Belen Gallardo MDS  1:04:50
See you around. Okay everybody,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:52
have a great week, great week.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai