Unknown Speaker  00:23
I should be here pretty soon too. Did

Speaker 1  00:26
you get a calendar invites email me asking for the zoom?

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Yeah, it did.

Speaker 2  00:41
I'm still in Europe, still kind of on holiday, so that's why I'm not, yeah, I mean Madrid right now. That's cool. So we have Rebbe here in the call, who's going to take over? Okay, yes, I'm here. I'm here. Sorry, I was not at call. No worries. You don't know that's a bit Leo Leo is excited about him, like his trainer probably.

Unknown Speaker  01:18
Leo Leo

Jamie Graham  01:21
put a panel for the call next week. Leo,

Speaker 3  01:24
yeah, sure. Cool. I cannot talk, so I'll just listen.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Cool. All right. All right.

Jamie Graham  01:38
Now I've got to go to the MDS app these tabs. Have

Unknown Speaker  01:42
these tabs you

Unknown Speaker  02:53
Hey, Lian,

Jamie Graham  02:56
you're the Lian in England, right?

Unknown Speaker  03:00
Sorry,

Speaker 1  03:01
you're you and you're, you're in England, yeah. Oh, great, okay, yeah. I look forward to meeting you next week. Yes, absolutely. Start working on the start working on the schedule. Soon. Should be fun.

Unknown Speaker  03:14
Looking forward to it. I

Speaker 1  03:15
think we've got nine people signed up, so it's quite a good amount. Should be good fun. Yay.

Speaker 3  03:20
It's in Hammersmith. Yeah, yeah,

Jamie Graham  03:25
Hey, Jo, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  03:26
Welcome friends.

Jamie Graham  03:28
Hey, good to see

Speaker 4  03:29
you. It's my first presentation on limer, so take it easy, please.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
All right,

Jamie Graham  03:40
if you have, you done some presentations in Russian,

Speaker 4  03:42
no one English. Of course, I tried to share my screen.

Jamie Graham  03:49
So what we'll do? Oh, yeah, let's just test your screen. Share, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:54
Let me check it

Speaker 4  03:56
alright. Zoom, yeah. I thought we will make it on Google.

Unknown Speaker  04:08
Yes, sorry, Google.

Speaker 1  04:25
On, Hey, Alex, hey, Charles, how you guys doing? Jamie, we're just testing the screen sharing,

Unknown Speaker  04:39
yes. So like this?

Speaker 1  04:45
Yeah, there we go. All good, sorry. So you can, you can now, you can unshare it now, and I'll let you know when to share it again.

Speaker 5  04:56
Jamie, you know, I can't get out of my head that scene of you and Milan asking in your British accent, do they have tea? Do you have tea? It was so stereotypical.

Speaker 1  05:10
We need our tea. What can I say? Americans need our cold air conditioning. British people need tea. I Yeah. What else we're all? We're all walking stereotypes when we're abroad, yeah,

Charles Chakkalo  05:28
somewhat for sure.

Speaker 6  05:32
Okay, wow. Like where this is going, man, yeah, follow

Speaker 1  05:38
this advice and you won't be able to join dating apps, because you'll look like a catfish.

Charles Chakkalo  05:43
Nah. You kidding me now, yeah, you'll be

Speaker 1  05:45
like, Yeah, I'm a millionaire with an eight pack

Charles Chakkalo  05:51
the other day.

Jamie Graham  05:54
Yeah, Ihor, you want to unshare

Unknown Speaker  05:57
Yeah, it's, yeah, it's works, yeah, yeah,

Jamie Graham  05:59
you cannot, yeah, so you can unshare it now. No

Unknown Speaker  06:02
need to share it now. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:05
yes, yeah, just unshare it and I'll tell you when to share it again. Oh, okay,

Unknown Speaker  06:11
sorry.

Speaker 1  06:15
So Charles, did you decide what to do with your businesses? Did you make any decisions yet?

Speaker 5  06:20
I actually had a meeting with my partners last night. We stayed in the office till about 12 or so, hacking it out. Inconclusive. It's not that easy,

Speaker 1  06:38
because normally, other people's business problems are really easy, and your own problems are really difficult. This one, I'm like, Yeah, this is a tough one, but at least it's in the it's in the good problem to have. It's

Charles Chakkalo  06:52
a good problem. It's

Jamie Graham  06:55
a good problem. Businesses. Where am I going to focus? Good problem?

Speaker 5  06:58
Rule number one in business, correct me if I'm wrong, do more of what works and I'm supposed to walk away from what works

Speaker 1  07:07
again. I mean, I had a shitty second round that I wasn't able to walk away from, and

Speaker 5  07:12
I ended up losing a ton of money on I'll just

Speaker 1  07:15
put another 20k in, and that'll get me. Then things will start then things will start to improve, and then they'll get better. But no, it's like, oh, just another 10k and things perpetual going like that. Got you but yeah, you got some good options there. Good to see you on the train there. Leo, still in Europe. Give me a thumbs up if you're still in Europe. Leo,

Unknown Speaker  07:42
hey, still here, very quiet.

Speaker 3  07:48
Take it easy on Megan, please, because you know His English is not that great, but he'll, he'll do his best,

Speaker 1  07:55
yeah, just guess, okay, as much as much zoom as you can.

Unknown Speaker  08:00
But but

Speaker 1  08:03
let's go. So next week we're going to do Milan top takeaways. So panel is going to include Leo and Alex vanilla. So it should be fun waiting to hear back from a couple more people, but yeah, we can all talk about top takeaways, and maybe some of us have written down some actions we haven't taken yet, we can hold ourselves accountable. So if we could just have the MDS slides quickly now, that'd be great. So the first slide is always the app. So those of you at the conference, it wasn't physically possible to attend every talk, so there will be, I've noticed a lot of talks have come online on the app. Rabbi. Do you have the slides? So you can check them, and I think some of them will be made available to everyone. So maybe Eugene's talk, where he showed the data from the from the surveys, is really interesting. So I know I want to go through the slides, because Eugene didn't really have time to go through everything. I know I missed a couple of talks. I missed Leo Larocca, I missed Scott steeds. So I want to catch up on the talks I missed. So go to the next one. It'll just be about the app. So they, MDS is making sure that the app gets improved a lot. So, So Rabbi, that's the next page. Is, is the one with the app on the slides. Upcoming event is actually Singapore. So if you're at the if you at the event, they they've it's no longer on Labor Day weekend. It's been, the dates been changed to August, so check that out. Please join the WhatsApp group. You'll get this broadcast only. You'll just get notifications of the calls. We'll put revenue. If you could put a link to that in the chat as well, that'd be great. Next up. Okay, yeah, northbound group always good, and I've got a nice meeting with Scott. They're always happy to talk. They can do a lot of stuff. So yeah, definitely recommend northbound. Got some good advice from Scott over the Milan weekend, so I need that's on my list of things to implement. All right, next up. Okay, so welcome to Ihor. We can do something a bit different on the on the call today so we can start, we'll start the recording in a second. So Ihor, if you just do you want to share your slides.

Speaker 4  10:40
Yeah, welcome friends, yeah. I want to just share my screen.

Speaker 1  10:45
So I know Ihor works with Leo Limin. Some people say Leo has been aging in reverse, and you work with you a few other MDSs and a few other sort of Vancouver entrepreneurs, don't you?

Speaker 6  11:01
So you see the screen, yeah?

Jamie Graham  11:07
So this one has your notes on the right as well.

Speaker 4  11:11
Uh, okay, Welcome friends. Today we talk about how your body can become your biggest power, your energy discipline and unstoppable drive, yeah, for business and life. My name is Igor mezhynsky. I'm the founder of fit mentor and high performance coach. So I believe that

Speaker 5  11:29
you're just, we're seeing your notes. We're seeing the Presenter View, just so you know,

Unknown Speaker  11:35
Ah, okay, this one is,

Unknown Speaker  11:36
yeah, of course you want us to see I

Speaker 4  11:39
try to do without not so I believe that strong body creates strong energy. Strong Energy creates strong leaders, and strong leaders create strong business. I've been in sport 26 years. I've won first place in men's physique and was a fitness model like five years, I create my own transformation system featured in a fitness magazine, and build unique platforms that connects trainers, trainers, clients, supplements, nutrition and smart device all in one ecosystem. This platform helps clients achieve results faster, helps trainers train clients and manage everything in one place. So right now, I'm already trained five entrepreneur from MDs, like Leo Steven, while Alex Stan and

Speaker 1  12:33
almost I did actually notice that Stan was looking good. He was in Milan. I didn't, I didn't notice he'd been looking good

Unknown Speaker  12:41
already. Yeah,

Speaker 4  12:43
yeah. So almost all of them have already great result, just for short time. So let's see if we will do the next and I prepare short stories about my champions. First one is Leo. So during the training, Leo said, Igor, take it easy, because I'm not 18 anymore. I said, Leo, is this just in your head so and when he dropped these beliefs, it was like a switch. He started to train like an athlete. Yeah, his energy increased. He got strong body, and now he feels younger than ever about Denise. Dennis Dennis never had coach, drunk a lot, and was always tired when I shot him. How was alcohol killed? His energy? Yeah, he after two months, he stopped drinking, and right now he looks a big body shape and changed like his lifestyle. Andrew came to me just to make a better shape, but I told him, You can make a fitness model body. Just for four months. He didn't believe. But four months later, he didn't believe in result by himself. But right now, he's my partner, and we built. Sorry. Right now, he's my partner, and we build platform together. Jima saw his result on Instagram and asked me, like, is this reason just for short time, just for from four months, he made amazing result? I said, Yes. And he asked me, Can I do the same? I said, Yeah, you can do the same if you follow the plan. And four months later, he also achieved, like, amazing result, too. I know Alex, more than 15 years he was just a waiter in a small restaurant, and after his transformation, yeah, after his transformation, he told me, I want to do like you do help people. And right now, he worked with high performance, even millionaires. So he changed only, not only his body. He changed all his life. She it was 80 years ago in China. She came to me heartbroken after breakup. She put all her energy, like into training, and after just five weeks, it's faster transformation. Just five weeks, she made amazing result, and when she's saw her photo, she cried a lot. Okay, guys, time for Wake up. Let's make a little bit communication with you. What happens if you don't take care of your body? Can you just write down some your opinion about it? What happens if you don't take care of your body?

Unknown Speaker  15:34
Okay, let me check

Speaker 1  15:36
what I know definitely as you get older, there's a heavier price to pay,

Speaker 4  15:40
energy getting sick, the motivation, excited. Okay, okay, thank you for sharing your opinion. So let's see moment when you then take care of your body you like feel always started. Your product goes down your extra weight, like, make you pain and health issue, you lost your creative energy, also sexual energy. And you don't, like, don't know when, when you can start, yeah, but you know already, many people know about these problems, but why they don't start it? Yeah, it will be like another question, like, if people already know about these problems, why they don't start it? To train, yeah, to take care of their body, yeah. Can you also share with me, in your opinion? Yeah? Girl, stop. Linc, to tire it.

Speaker 5  16:49
Igor, the quote that I put in there is, should be your tagline. Man,

Speaker 1  16:56
yeah, I think people, just as you get older, they don't make it a priority,

Speaker 4  17:04
okay, okay, okay. So people think like they still no time, yeah, but when you don't have but when you lose your health, lost when you don't have your health, you lost your time and energy, it will be like the boss. Some people fear of pain, but real pain, like, if you if you be a week, yeah, if you like, say, I don't know, I don't have time, I don't have energy. As a result, you lost both. If you feel like shame at the gym, but I think it's real shame when you can't play with your kids, yeah, or can't enjoy your life as a result that people usually wait and after they pay more for doctors for medicine instead just to investing in their body today. So if you take care of your body, you're doing, you don't just look better. Yeah, you you improve your energy, your discipline, your leaderships. Luca Ronaldo, yeah, he's like, 40 years old, but he's still the best athlete in the world, or even Paul duro, a tech entrepreneur, his symbol of focus and discipline. It's not about the body. Yeah, it's about energy. It's about leaderships. It's about new level of life. Or even these people, yeah, Tom Cruise, mark over Christy brintley, like 5463 71 years old, but they still radiate a lot of energy. Yeah, yours sex appeal and clarity, because they make one decision yet, just take care of their body. If we look on this, two men, yeah, they both of billionaires, but basis looks stronger. Looks younger because he decided to take care of his body. He decided to train, but must look weak and look tired because he didn't. So energy is not just only your mental is the physical too. If you train boss, you win life. Everyone knows Tony Robbins, Yeah, but why? Because he's the strongest leader on the world, because he has a strong body, Strong Body make his strong energy. Yeah, powerful energy. Powerful energy make him strong leader, strong, like a strong leadership. His success so and he's a billionaire, yeah? Because, like many people follow, follow him, like millions people. But imagine if, uh, if Tony Robbins have like, low energy and didn't take care of his body, would would million people follow him? I think no, can he inspire like, can inspire his energy like much and motivate people, I think also now and can be a billionaire, and can be like greatest leader in the world, I think, also now so you see her body, important and energy, also for everything. Yeah, it's like underestimated resource. It affects for every area, area in your for your business, for your money, and also for your influence. Hi. My name is Steven Cooper. I prepare some clients testimonial for you, and all better, I think if Leo is here, yeah, he can share his experience with you, it will be better than we just look some testimonials. Just watch some testimonials. Leo, are you still here? Can you

Speaker 3  20:47
be silent? This is a silent training. I already shared the experience. Don't worry. Everybody knows. Continue.

Speaker 4  20:59
Okay, so Leo register.

Speaker 1  21:03
Leo told me that he's training with you four times a week, and the he loves the sessions. He finds it. He actually finds it really enjoyable. He looks forward to it. And he's basically does four sessions with you a week, and he does boxing once a week. He also seems to be pretty good. He's pretty, pretty strict with his diet as well. Doesn't drink alcohol, good habits with sleep. So he seems, he seems to be pretty, pretty on board. You see, he wasn't in that bad of shape before, but like now, sounds like, you know, you given him some accountability. You made the training fun. He takes it seriously. And then, you know, we saw the results in the in the pictures.

Speaker 4  21:45
Oh, nice. You know, everything almost. But you know, he also, like takes, call shower every day, sometimes, like twice a day.

Jamie Graham  21:52
He told me he has three cold showers a day.

Speaker 4  21:55
Yeah, that's true. So I'm really proud of him. He made a great result, and feels much better. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  22:02
Okay, Hi. My name's

Speaker 4  22:04
so like, we can also watch, like, glance this mano, a little bit like, make two minutes. Okay,

Speaker 7  22:10
Hi. My name's Steven Cohen. I'm the CEO of more about capital. We focus on managing online brands, especially through Amazon, Tiktok shops, and also working on cryptocurrency projects.

Speaker 3  22:20
Hello. My name is Leo Limin. I'm the CEO and founder of join brands, an online marketplace for creators and brands. Hi.

Speaker 7  22:29
I'm Alex Shay. I'm ceo@blackbuckhire.com I'm Eddie Gore at MDs, Amazon community here in Vancouver. For me, I just want to get stronger. I think I was 135 pounds, 140 pounds when I first started. First started. I'm weighing in about 158 right now. So definitely improved in strength and overall agility and just, I think mindset strength

Speaker 8  22:51
as well. I've been training Igor since March. He's increased my strength, decreased my body fat, increased my ability to think and to be able to talk and to be able to negotiate at work that I have way more focus. I'm way stronger and way happier, way better playing with the kids. I can keep up now and I'm going to keep going.

Speaker 3  23:17
Since I met Igor, my wife has changed for better. I've been training with Igor for about one year, and my physical condition has improved tremendously. My energy levels has skyrocketed. Not only it impacted my physical condition, it also impacted my mental state. It impacted my business, my results.

Speaker 7  23:41
Igor is not just a physical trainer, but he also wants to help you build your mental toughness, your mental awareness. And there's a definitely a spiritual component to it as well. So if you met Igor, you know he's all about positive energy and helping you achieve your goals, but not just helping you achieve the goals you want, but also the goals that he believes you can do. So he's always pushing me time limits, which I greatly respect. And he not only talks about just working out, he talks a lot about the willingness to work out, but willingness to get stuff done. And especially financial entrepreneurs, we sometimes have a long self doubt or self blockage in our minds that we sometimes don't want to progress on stuff, but your in a way, get shifted mentality and get shift on energy has made it even fun working out with them, and in that way, it's got to mean a more healthy mindset.

Speaker 3  24:35
Every workout for us is a celebration. I go to the gym as if I go to a church, it's a place of joy and happiness. Our energy is through the roof. We always laugh, we always have fun. And I come out from the gym with more energy than before the gym,

Speaker 7  24:53
yeah, in terms of strength and energy, I have noticed a huge increase. I think, dealing with a lot of business relationship, the stresses of life. There's a lot that comes out we but I think after a green workout session, I still feel like my energy is high. I feel physically strong, and I'm really ready to attack the day. So definitely seen a lot of improvements, and I highly recommend it. In terms of personal things, I just noticed that I didn't expect was really like I mentioned the mindset improvement.

Speaker 6  25:23
I feel stronger. My posture has improved. I have much more energy throughout the days. It also boosted my confidence and discipline.

Speaker 3  25:33
I become more productive and focused since I started training skills better, and I have more quality and decision making to life, call showers, mental exercises, discussions about what's important in life. Business discussions have affected my life tremendously. My business is improving. My physical condition is improving. I feel young. I feel strong, I feel attractive.

Unknown Speaker  26:03
You're amazing.

Speaker 4  26:04
Okay, guys, so I think I already like, understand

Jamie Graham  26:09
that's cool, man, great, see, great. See, you're getting such good results.

Speaker 4  26:13
It's changed only the body, yeah, it's changed like energy, also like feeling confidence, leaderships, clarity, yes, sex appeal. It affects for every area of life, yeah, not only for body, yeah, but everyone like wants more energy. But what do you think is a true source for your energy? It's, of course, this is body, your if this is your body, yeah, your source of energy, if your whistle of energy, like is weak or full of holes, your biggest dreams, like still dreams, because you won't have the energy to make them real. But you know, more effect on your energy, it's not just training or diet. More effect on your energy is your mindset, like, if we compare top five and top 25 performers, like in every area top five performance, they have like champions mindset. They don't just play game yet. They change the rules. Thinking, is your code in business, in your body, in life, like in everything, it's like software, yeah, for example, if like software, like, smooth, like, clean, yeah, everything like will be like, strong, smooth, fast. What if your code is a lot of fears or limits, it's like crushes, everything so when you think like this way, you look yourself on a weak roll, like, if you think it's hard, yeah, like, you never stop. Oh, you never start. If you complain, yeah, you you give your power away, yeah, if you feel like you're like, child position. So life will keep you always small or afraid to fail you always be on the same position like forever. So guys, it's time to unlock your full potential and activate your champion. Scots,

Speaker 1  28:17
so Ihor, can we just do a bit of Q and A at this stage, rather than at the end. Is that okay?

Unknown Speaker  28:27
So

Speaker 1  28:29
it seems like a lot of your clients, and I guess a lot of people in here, are doing, you know, okay on health. So diet is maybe seven out of 10, you know, two, maybe three workouts a week, maybe some bad food, maybe some sleep, not too good. And it looks like what you've done is you've been able to get people who are doing okay, but get them to like, you know, fitness model, kind of elite, elite level. So, you know, I can believe that if for four months I worked out hard, was crazy strict on my diet, you know, and I dialed everything else in, that I would be able to get, you know, some abs and stuff. But is that? Have you found with your clients that it's actually that's actually maintainable?

Speaker 4  29:22
Mm, yes, it's maintainable. Yeah, because, like, if you just do workouts, like, training like, usually it's workouts just like, 15, 20% of result. And if you want really result, like, just for four months, you need to know the system. It includes, like only, not only, workouts. It includes, like nutrition, biohacking. Biohacking can be just for body, for energy, for cognitive system, yeah, like cardio activity. Work with your mindset. Like supplements. Have you sleep, work with your stress, and if you work like this system, yeah, you can achieve your result, like, in four months. So it's like a mentorship. But usually workouts, it's like, I say like 15 of 20% of result. And statistics shows like 90% of trainers never get the clients real results, as like every gym, just they sell, just time, like trainers time, and you can train for years, but never get results, never get your dream body.

Speaker 1  30:32
Yeah, so for example, I've been doing CrossFit for maybe seven years. So I do maybe three crossfits a week, and then I do jujitsu twice a week, maybe a bit of running and cycling, and I'm in pretty good shape, but I'm not like, I'm not like, I look a bit more like the before photos than the after photos, maybe. But I would say diet is pretty good. So do you think that even if, even if I got the diet and the workouts perfect, it would I still wouldn't get very good. That would be sort of less than half of the picture.

Speaker 4  31:11
It depends from any criteria, not only diets and also how you train, because I can check like your train you, you must increase your power like every month, and it's well effect on your body, on your muscle. And yes, you can, you can achieve your results just for four months.

Speaker 1  31:35
So what? What's sort of important, and the the biohacking and the supplement side,

Speaker 4  31:43
it's making you like more energy, yeah, and it's also helps with your stress, with your body, well, like cover your body, and also with your mindset. You can have, like, a strong focus and all, for example, if you drink, creating and protein together, it helps with your muscle, with your training. So

Speaker 1  32:06
what do you think are the most important supplements, and do they vary between ages and between men and

Speaker 4  32:15
women? So I think, for example, by hacking for body, yeah, very important. It's like creating protein, magnesium, zinc, Omega three. It's very important. It's like must fail. But for energy, like ashwagandha, this, like you kill, you feel, always feel yourself at this high level energy. Um, hmm,

Jamie Graham  32:43
okay, Charles has got question you want to go? Charles,

Speaker 5  32:48
yes, all right, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a little pitch on where I've been over the past year. Here you go. Can I share my screen? Yeah, sure. I go. Here it is. This is the best before picture I have. This is me a year ago, like, really, like, July 30 last year. Look at Yeah, look at my look at my breast, look at my stomach. And then this is me a month ago, fully the same weight, but completely transformed body, the way I did, it was sort of what you were saying, high protein. High protein diet, usually 100 grams a day and three to four times at the gym. That was since Christmas, the supplement, so I just started creating in June. So what makes me skeptical is, if I'm gonna have omega threes, ashwagandha, do that those aren't really so bio available. Creatine is bio available. Your body sucks it up very easily. There's a lot of science behind that, but the but the Omega threes and the ashwagandha that's not in foods, let's say that we that you're taking the form of the supplement, it could just get overwhelming. You can't just take 100 pills a day. So would you opt for your clients to use a multivitamin, which I started to use just as a sort of catch all, and if my body ends up absorbing it, it's fine. Creatine. I know my body absorbs it. No problem. The science is on my site. But how many supplements can you take per day?

Speaker 4  34:45
How many supplements you can take per day? It's like, just main supplements. But you said, like Omega three is it's like, not so important. Yeah,

Speaker 5  34:56
no, I was going off of what you just said, because you were saying the three was important,

Unknown Speaker  35:01
okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  35:05
how many supplements? Maybe, like, five, six, totally,

Speaker 5  35:07
and, and you've seen, you've seen that it's bio available, meaning the body can absorb it effectively,

Speaker 4  35:13
yeah, it's, it's, it's effectively, like everyone can use, like, existing supplements. Because I, I check a lot about this, yeah, and how a big experience? Yeah, I understand you can't use a lot of supplements for day. Maybe it will be not useful,

Unknown Speaker  35:31
right, yeah,

Speaker 4  35:33
but I know what kind of supplements you can use per day, like main supplements,

Speaker 5  35:37
okay, all right. And all together. How much? How many sessions do you do? You train your clients to do at the gym per week?

Speaker 4  35:48
It depends from goal. Yeah, everyone have different goals. And if you just started, someone can start just from two sessions a week. But usually three session is enough, but someone can train like, like Leo four sessions, maybe because he feels after a gym like more energy. So

Charles Chakkalo  36:09
I go to the gym

Speaker 4  36:10
sometimes he asked me, Can we train five sessions? I say, it's too much. They were four. It's enough.

Speaker 5  36:15
So how do you do it? You do it over zoom. You do it on an app. What do you do?

Unknown Speaker  36:19
How I train? Yeah,

Speaker 4  36:24
I have a platform. Yeah, I build a platform, like mentorship platform you can like for trainers and for clients. And also, I use this platform by myself. So I put them, I like video training, and I can check

Speaker 5  36:40
what's, what's the platform call? Because the I, the only reason, how I got into shape is through a

Speaker 4  36:44
different, yeah, it's called Fit mentor platform,

Speaker 5  36:47
okay, because I the other, I know two other trainers that use ABC trainer rise. Is that a competitor.

Speaker 4  36:54
But we started. We just started. So why? Sooner we can be better.

Charles Chakkalo  37:01
Got you so I

Speaker 1  37:02
think to Ihor, you are trained. You people who live in Vancouver come and train, if you in person, right? And then other people, you're training virtually, right.

Speaker 4  37:12
Some, some people are training like, offline in Vancouver, like, live with Leo, training with Leo. And some people I trained from in more, from Moscow, from China or from different countries. And use this platform,

Speaker 1  37:26
it depends. When you take people that are already working out regularly, what are you normally changing about their workouts and the way that they work out when you start to work with them?

Speaker 4  37:40
First of all, I changed the technique, because every time who came to I have very, very strong school before, yeah, about technique, about biohack and everything, and like, I changed the technique. And some people don't know how to make great esthetic, because for men, have like esthetic for men, yeah, but for more for women, is another esthetic. But trainers, like, train, everyone likes, almost the same and like girls like, after this, like, doesn't have like, don't have great esthetic, great woman esthetic. So my focus like, make a pro, amazing body with good esthetic, because I've also won men's physical competition. It's about esthetic, so I know how to do it. And

Speaker 1  38:31
you mentioned before, do you think? Do you think some people aren't pushing for heavier weights enough, and some people are just staying at the same weights?

Speaker 4  38:40
It also depends from the goal, if some people already have good body and good enough muscle, yeah, which we can just, like, keep it, but if you need grow up, you must push more, push more weight.

Speaker 1  38:56
And do you, do you get people to do, like, blood tests, that, kind of stuff to see where their diet might be lacking, or what kind of problems they might be having. Or have you found that, generally, you you found supplement stacks that tend to work for most people.

Speaker 4  39:12
It depends if, if we use some, like most supplements, yeah, for some people, need to check blood test before when we started, or maybe some people who feels like low testosterone also need to go to hospital and check blood test. So it depends from situation. Okay,

Jamie Graham  39:35
so testosterone is worth checking.

Speaker 4  39:37
Yeah, testosterone also. And some doctors can say, Oh, you need to do some course, yeah, for increase your testosterone,

Speaker 1  39:47
and what sort of, what sort of changes you generally helping to people to make on their diet,

Unknown Speaker  39:55
diet,

Jamie Graham  39:56
yeah.

Speaker 4  39:57
Now I think the biggest problem when people start to calculate everything, it's so hard for mind. Yeah, because you have already business, maybe you have your team, you have your family, a lot of things to do, but if you need to show if you need and calculate also, it will be so hard for your mind and after you will tired from this. So I say people like you can eat two three times a day. It also depends who is this client, and also drink protein. Yeah, just like two or about two times. Hi, just high protein. It's enough. But everyone, everyone, have a result. No need to calculate and,

Speaker 1  40:41
um, and there's a question about, can fruits be alternative supply to supplements, and can, can you just, is it possible to use some foods instead of supplements? Or do you think there are some supplements that are better than what is

Speaker 4  40:59
number one? Yes, food is number one. Just follow nutrition. You use supplements like to it's like small things to improve your result, yeah, improve your energy and improve your body, but food is, is much more important. Like food, maybe it's like 75% Yeah, but supplements, like 20 25%

Speaker 1  41:24
Yeah. So I think, for reference, guys, I think Leo will tell you, Leo doesn't actually take any supplements at all, so he's got all those results just purely from, you know, the diet, exercise and and all of the other stuff. I

Speaker 5  41:38
didn't take any either, by the way, not until, not until June, did they start actually taking stuff?

Speaker 1  41:44
Yeah, um, so I'm vegan, so I have been thinking about like creatine. There's like, um, they're like, a vegan they're like, synthetic creatine. Do you know if, like, the vegan creatine is okay, or is it, is it not as good as the regular creatine?

Speaker 4  42:00
I think creatine is doesn't matter, vegan or no, no more

Speaker 5  42:05
important, protein, organic is completely vegan for protein, it's plant based and and the I use both of those, or gain is a phenomenal the protein doesn't have sucralose, which is like a splendor kind of thing. It makes your stomach go crazy. Yeah, I just switched to it. It's phenomenal.

Speaker 4  42:27
I had clients. I had clients like vegan also, it's harder to build muscle, but they also use creating with vegan protein together. But

Speaker 1  42:37
yeah, I had a problem with low energy before, and what I did is I just drastically increased the amount of protein that I was that I just increased the amount of protein that I have. So I have a protein shake every day, even if I'm not working out, sometimes two and some bars and stuff. But yeah, I just wonder if I'm having too many calories. But yeah, definitely try some creatine. That sounds, sounds good. All right. Any other questions before we carry on,

Speaker 5  43:08
Igor, is it true that if you drink alcohol, your body stops burning fat for 36 hours?

Unknown Speaker  43:16
If you drink, excuse me, can you repeat this? You

Speaker 5  43:19
drink alcohol, your body stops burning fat for 36 hours.

Speaker 4  43:24
I don't know about this. Alcohol is affected a lot on your muscle, all right. You can, for example, if you drink every day like it's affected like so much, not only also for your mindset, but if you drink like one glass wine, for example, a week, like with your example, it's okay. I

Speaker 5  43:49
got you. That's what my previous trainer told me that. Okay, carry on. Sorry about

Speaker 1  43:58
that. Great. All right. Well, let's and I guess also sleep right? Yeah. What is it one thing that I started taking way more seriously over the last couple of years, and I've noticed, but I've noticed pretty good, pretty good results from it. I'm sure I could do better, but I have. I've noticed great results from that. So is that something that you focus a lot on with clients as well?

Unknown Speaker  44:22
Sorry about this.

Speaker 1  44:24
Oh, what sort of advice do you give clients about their sleep? How do you help clients to get better sleep and

Speaker 4  44:30
better rest? It's, it's, it's need to work with mindset. Yeah, because if you have a lot of things, things too much, yeah, it's sometimes it's hard to sleep. But if you lost sleep. Sleep is number one in sport and in life also. So usually I work with clients mindset. But every clients have like, different problems, different blocks, and sometimes also supplements, like melatonin, yeah, melatonin, yeah, for sleep. If you have some problem, you can use melatonin, for example,

Speaker 1  45:10
cool, yes. Maybe we could get you to, like, write down your supplements, your your advice for supplements, so we can add it into the notes that, if you could email me that, that'd be great. Oh, we've also got a question about water. Do you recommend drinking a lot of water, or an amount of water relative to your weight, or just drink when you're thirsty? What do you recommend for water?

Speaker 4  45:32
Yeah, of course, I recommend for every client, drink more water. For example, if you wait like 50 kg you you must drink about one one and a half or one and eight liter per day, yeah, more water, more energy. If you drink less water, you lost your energy. Um,

Speaker 1  46:00
do you think what's it called? Like, the special pills that people put in the water with, like the isotopes and stuff?

Charles Chakkalo  46:08
Liquid IV, sorry. Liquid IV,

Speaker 1  46:11
yeah. Do you read, do you think those are a good idea or not? Look

Unknown Speaker  46:15
what

Charles Chakkalo  46:16
liquid IV. It has electrolytes and

Speaker 1  46:19
electrolytes. Do you think are they a good idea for us, for exercise or for day to day? Yeah,

Speaker 4  46:25
I hear about this is like, also make some some my clients also drinks electro electrolytes. Yeah, it's helped. They feel it's good effect on the body, on the energy also, but I didn't use it. I have a lot of energy, so I know needs, yeah,

Speaker 1  46:47
what about caffeine? Coffee, tea, green tea? Do you think there's a certain amount that's good, or it's better to have no caffeine? What do you think

Speaker 4  46:59
you can drink coffee, but not a lot, yeah, like once or maybe two a date, it will be enough, but no need to drink, like, like afternoon, like after 6pm and after 4pm because it's real effect on on your sleep. But it's okay. Coffee, it's okay. Chaos, great.

Speaker 1  47:20
So last question before we move on, is apple cider vinegar? Something that you recommend?

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Apple cider?

Speaker 1  47:29
Apple cider vinegar, I think some people drink on its own, or some people have it with

Speaker 4  47:37
food. Sorry, but I don't know. It's what does it mean? Like apples. Okay,

Speaker 1  47:43
all right, let's, let's move on. Kind of you got you want to show us? Because I know that. I think a lot of us already know some of this stuff, but we're not, we're not actually doing it. So I know what you've got here is a solution to help us to actually do all this stuff and to actually get the results. Because it's, you know, it's in the mindset to actually make this a priority and actually to actually to follow through, right?

Speaker 4  48:08
It's very deep, yeah, you need to understand for what you need to do it. If you understand, like, you improve your body, yeah, like you feel your feel more energy. It's affect, like, on your life, on your family, on your business. You're like you. You can be like, more confidence, like it improve your leaderships if you work with your mindset, like, activate your champion squad, for example, yeah, like Leo did. So you need to just, like, understand for what you do it. It's like this number one, yeah. And for example, if you go to next business network, yeah, and people can feel your energy, yeah. Can feel your confidence before you even start to say something. I think it's very important. Yeah.

Speaker 1  49:03
Right, all right. Well, do you want to tell us a bit about how your solution and how your program works?

Unknown Speaker  49:13
How about do you want to tell

Jamie Graham  49:15
us about your program?

Unknown Speaker  49:17
Yeah, you can get

Jamie Graham  49:18
back to the slides now.

Speaker 4  49:19
Yeah, I want to show you for, first of all, yeah, like, like, I say my, my program includes everything so you can achieve, like, a result, just for four months

Speaker 4  49:35
and so. And another slide, like, if you trust your car for expert. Why you don't trust your body for expert? If body is muscle available vehicle, yeah. And also I want to say about my price, if someone interesting, yeah, like, standard price for lead coaching is like 5000 for MDS group, because Leo in variety, yeah, it's like 3500 for four months and fast offer, like, just for 24 hours, 695 like four months, like four months commitment. And also, I won't compare, like fit mentor with Equinox, everyone, I think, no Equinox, we go with Leo to Equinox. Equinox like, it's beautiful gyms, top trainers there, but we like, don't like, we train there, about here, but don't see clients. Result, Equinox, you pay like 200 250 for session. It's like 30,000 for a year, but no complete system, no lasting result. Yeah, with speed mentor is like ecosystem. It's includes everything for your best transformation, just like for first, like four months, you can see like visible result. And you save not only money, you save also your time and achieve your dream body. And what will you achieve? Informants, dream body, energy, confidence, discipline, support from me, support from team. Yeah, usually we, we make like group, where we train together and have sometimes challenge, different challenges. You can be an example, like in your area, in your life, improve your leaderships and like, activate champions card. So why now? The longer, the longer you wait, the harder it gets. It gets guys, after 35 years, build muscle is like, twice it's harder, if you, like, didn't know about it, and every year is harder. And sorry, guys like, I have only 10 spots, just for those who really understand and who like body and energy is like, best investing in life, yeah in business, yeah like this. And thank you everyone for being here. Thank you Leo to invite me here. Thank you Jamie and I prepare gifts for for you, like by Hopkins guide for body energy, cognitive performance and 50 minute personal, personal consultation with me, like we can talk about your current situation and like to make a best one for

Speaker 1  52:32
you. Cool. So that QR code just gives your your your whatsapp, right?

Unknown Speaker  52:36
Oh, maybe it's this one. It's like,

Jamie Graham  52:40
ah, yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  52:41
cool

Speaker 4  52:42
WhatsApp, or maybe Calendly or Instagram. It's

Speaker 1  52:46
if I WhatsApp, you can send me the biohacking guide, right?

Speaker 4  52:49
Yeah, right. I send you I can.

Speaker 1  52:52
I'm just about to order some creatine, so I will give that a try, something I've been thinking about for a while. So,

Unknown Speaker  52:58
Jimmy, are you Vegan? Vegan? Yeah, yeah,

Jamie Graham  53:00
that's right,

Unknown Speaker  53:01
okay. Oh,

Speaker 1  53:03
you need to do, need to do a separate one. Well, hopefully, the hopefully I don't have to wait too long for the lab grown meat, and then I can, really, I could see what I've been missing out on all these years. Yeah, cool. Does anyone have and there's a couple of questions in the chat so, but just, does anyone have any questions about yours offering or his program?

Speaker 1  53:38
Okay, so let's go to a couple of questions that we had from the chat. So do you recommend meal replacement drinks? Is that a good part of a diet, or maybe just, if just better than having an unhealthy meal?

Speaker 4  53:58
Yeah, I recommend you have healthy meal, of course, but replacement mode. What do you mean? You know,

Speaker 1  54:03
you can buy like meal replacement shakes. So for example,

Speaker 4  54:07
meal is better. It's much better if you meal, but if you don't have time for maybe you go somewhere on your way, or something like this, it's better you use like protein shakes, then nothing.

Speaker 1  54:21
But better, well, better than having no meal or an unhealthy meal.

Unknown Speaker  54:26
Okay, cool.

Speaker 4  54:34
So guys, sorry for my English. I think you understand everything what I said.

Speaker 1  54:40
Yeah, so 1000 your first question, can you just kind of rephrase that the one you asked at 41 past, and then 1000 also asked, maybe somebody else on the call can answer this. But is there a soft, easy? Is there a software where you can see what your ideal body might look like, an AI software.

Speaker 5  55:01
I was about to make joke that Igor in the beginning showing the before and after pictures is AI, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  55:10
If anyone knows anything for that, that could be fun. I

Jamie Graham  55:24
Yeah, so Charles, you're not Charles. You want to ask your question.

Speaker 5  55:27
If you've got any questions, I'm sure you have clients. Like when I first hired a trainer, I started dieting, I started reporting my meals, but I didn't end up going to the gym for two months, and it was a six month program. How do you get people to go to the gym when it's not part of their routine? I mean, it's another two hours out of my day to leave work, go to the gym, work out, and then drive home. How do you get them to do that?

Speaker 4  55:53
Yeah, it's, I think it's must have routine in your life and like never stop. Just take a care about your body, and you must find all this time, because at week in the week, you have, like, 168 hours. Yes, you need just like you can find three hours a week. Like, it's not hard. It's also a mindset. Yeah, it is. I was just,

Speaker 5  56:19
I was wondering for everybody else, because yeah,

Unknown Speaker  56:23
always find comfort. Comfort.

Speaker 5  56:26
Yeah, and your program offers nutrition and fitness, or just just fitness.

Speaker 4  56:33
Nutrition supplements work with mindset, yes. Workouts also balance water, activity, cardio, if you need it depends from goal gotcha, but it includes like old system, okay, maybe someone like have also experience with transformation.

Speaker 5  56:58
It was a great decision. Great decision. Yeah, I think,

Speaker 1  57:03
I mean, I definitely noticed the difference between just trying to go to the gym on my own and then, versus doing CrossFit, where, you know, I was training with other people, there was somebody there to help me with my technique. I learned new stuff. I noticed a difference between that to that. But I've never really done a kind of one on one, help, which I imagine would probably be the next step up from doing like a group training thing, like CrossFit. It

Speaker 4  57:29
depends from, well, yeah, it's what you what you need. But why one, one by one is much better to like to your result. So

Speaker 1  57:41
what would you do differently to somebody who wanted, you know, long term health and energy, but they didn't necessarily need, they didn't necessarily need to, like, look like a fitness model, like they wanted to look a bit better, but they didn't need to look like a fitness model, but they really wanted the maximum energy that they could have and to live a really long life and be as healthy as possible. How would your advice differ for that person versus someone who or who wanted that and also wanted to look like a fitness model?

Speaker 4  58:11
It's like, the same if you want the looks like fitness model, or you just, like, improve your energy discipline, like, just be with normal body, yeah? Like, athletic body. Just for fitness model you need to do much harder, yeah, but for just normal, so it's system the same, okay, supplements, nutrition, like, like I said,

Speaker 1  58:38
So I wear a smart ring, and it's telling me that my daytime recovery is not good enough, that I'm maybe getting stressed during a day, and I'm not, I'm not recovering in a day. Is there anything that you recommend that's good for, like, daytime recovery?

Speaker 4  58:56
If you can sleep like 15 minutes, it will be the best. Sleep is number one. Really deep is number one. Like I said, sometimes I sleep, like four times a day, just like seven minutes, 10 minutes, but it's recover a lot, and I always have, like, a lot of energy high level, like 10 from 10 supplements, many things you can do for improving energy,

Speaker 1  59:26
okay? And what do you recommend for, like, stretching and like, you know, those kind of conditioning exercises,

Unknown Speaker  59:36
frustration into the stretch.

Speaker 1  59:39
Yeah. So I also, I do exercises with, like a foam roller and like a croquet ball and stuff. Is that important as well? It

Speaker 4  59:49
is good, yeah, after gym, because sometimes your muscle can be, like, squeezed a lot, yeah. So when you do do workout with this ball. It's make like more flexible your muscle. Yeah, it's you can, you can be more activity with your body. So you must do it also, maybe one times or two times a week after workout. Or if after every workout session, just like five minutes do this bowl. It's okay, it's good.

Speaker 1  1:00:26
Yeah. I mean, I have noticed that when I when I'm consistent about stretching every day, my body does just feel it does feel a lot better. And if I go a few days without stretching, or a workout without stretching, I just, I just start to feel really tight, and it's not, it's not good.

Speaker 4  1:00:43
And usually we also have pre stretching before even we start workout.

Jamie Graham  1:00:48
Yeah, I could do better on that as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:51
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:52
all right, guys. Well, look, we've got the link to the event feedback, so please jump on that and give us some feedback for the event, for this, for this call, you just give us a rating, let you know what you enjoyed and what you don't enjoy. You know, if you'd like me to do some stuff a bit different, like this in future, then we can, you know, I love talking about health and fitness. So normally, you know, we're focused on E commerce, but if you want to do some other calls like this, then you need to fill out that form and let me know what kind of stuff you'd be interested in doing. So thanks Leo for recommending equal. Has been really interesting just ordering some creatine, some creatine. Now I look forward to reading the biohacking guide, and yeah, I hope some of you guys will take Ihor up on his offer, because it would be, I would love to see everyone even more rips and an awesome, an awesome shape at the at the end of, at the next summit, and, yeah, like, so hopefully, you know, everyone can still be, you know, taking our grandkids down the park and, you know, running home here in our 60s and Seven.

Speaker 5  1:02:01
Did you see how slam the gym was? Did you see how slam the gym was at that five to seven o'clock break, I

Speaker 1  1:02:05
actually couldn't go because I had, like, a skin infection. That means go, but yeah, but

Speaker 5  1:02:11
I swear, because I had the journey I did over the past year, I was looking around in proportionately MDS members were surprisingly fit in proportionately to everyone else.

Speaker 1  1:02:24
I have no and I have noticed that generally, yeah, everyone's getting in in better, better shape and taking their health more and more seriously. Which is, which is awesome. It's great, great to see. So yeah, get equals WhatsApp there, and he can send you his guide and his stuff, or you can book a free 15 minute call within there, and next week I will see you. We're going to do the top takeaways from the summit, so that's going to be awesome fun. Thanks, guys, thanks. Ihor, appreciate

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56
you. Guys. Thank you. Jamie,

Speaker 1  1:02:58
nice. Thanks. Bye, thank you, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai