Speaker 1  00:02
So what we'll do is we'll just start off with some MDS slides, so just let you guys know about the app and a couple of bits and pieces, then we'll get going with the main call.

Unknown Speaker  00:17
So do we have the slides ready?

Speaker 2  00:19
Yeah, I've got them. Do you want me to show there

Unknown Speaker  00:23
are some MDS slides?

Speaker 3  00:26
Thank you. Hi everyone. I'm here on behalf of Belen, since she's also traveling to Milan. Okay, I'm part of the admin support team. Has

Unknown Speaker  00:37
she given you? Has she given you the slides to share? Or

Speaker 3  00:39
not? Yes, I have them here. So what you want to

Speaker 1  00:43
do is just share screen, and then I'll tell you when to change slides. So the first one should be is normally about the app or something.

Speaker 4  00:50
Okay, yes, exactly. Let me just find share here. Oh, definitely the

Speaker 1  00:56
app if you're going to be in Milan, because a lot, a lot of stuff is going to be organized on the apps, like what table you're sitting out where you're going for the meal, all that. But hopefully you're also using the app to go back and listen to pass calls, because you can get the channel called in there, expert calls, mobile calls, everything is in there. So that's on the next slide. And the chat has been improved. You no longer have to log in all the time. So it's getting better and better. So join the channels you're interested in, put it on your home screen, take part next up, please. Okay, Milan Summit, not too late to book on. So if you've just about a book, then please, please, book on Word. Really. Hope I can see you there. Next up, yeah, please join the WhatsApp channel. It's just a broadcast channel so you never have to miss a call. And it's just it's not going to be like a busy chat on your phone. It'll just tell you what calls are coming up and send you other links. So please join that. There'll be a link in the chat later on. Partner is in televie. So we've got very good, very good offers from intellivi. They also offer really amazing support if you reach out to them as well, especially for an MDS. So definitely recommend taking advantage of that. We've been doing a lot of polling in my brand recently for listing improvements and for some new launches. Next up. Cool. Okay, so welcome Mels and Ted to the call. So we're going to be talking a bit about Europe. So if you're competing with me, I hope you don't come to Europe, but everyone else, hope you come to sell to Europe. So Ted, do you want to join a kick us off and say, like, how you've been working? I think you do. You work with ripple effect clients to do the polling. Is that how you guys kind of know each other?

Speaker 2  02:53
Yeah, exactly. So, yeah. Recently been working with Intel. Ave on some, some early polls. We're, we're ripple effect. We're an Amazon agency, sort of at heart, but with real specialism and focus on international expansion. So yeah, intellivie, perfect partner for that in terms of doing some of that market research. And we'll, we'll jump into that in a bit. Jamie, do you want me to share our slides on Yeah, perfect. Let's do it. I will do that now. So please let me know if you can see that coming up now.

Unknown Speaker  03:33
Start showing for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Yeah, we got it

Speaker 2  03:39
perfect. Cool. So yeah, Mel and I are going to be talking a lot about Europe. Why now and how to expand in a smart way in Parliament. Sorry, I've skipped a few there in terms of an intro. So I'm Ted Gibson. I've got one simple belief when it comes to selling on Amazon, growth without profit is just expensive noise, really. My early career in finance taught me that while everyone focuses a lot on on the scaling and growth side, very few focus on what actually matters, which is margin, and that's ultimately the money that's flowing back into your, into your into your brand and into your business. During my time leading Pan European expansion, both internally at Amazon, and in my kind of onward agency career, I've seen companies burn like literally millions, chasing growth that never actually then translates back into real, real money in their in their back pocket. So off the back of that, developed the ripple effects method, a system that doesn't just scale your business, but also your your profits. Last year, my client portfolio hit 400% year over year growth and their profit margins improved off black that not despite focusing on profitability, but because of it. International expansion can kill profitability quite quickly. It drains cash often. Can spread your resources very. Been and it can leave teams spinning in complexities around translations and compliance. So today we're sharing a way forward that hopefully flips, that you'll learn how to make your your dollar go further, generate more profit, not less, and learn how to expand your brand internationally in a way that strength strengthens your businesses overall financial position, because at the end of the day, growth, without improving your bottom line isn't growth. It's just a very expensive way to stay busy. So I hand over to Mels now for an introduction. I don't know, you might not need one, but over to you,

Speaker 5  05:37
yeah, I am, well, I am, yeah, I'm an age paper. We're a seller, and Amazon seller, and as being an Amazon seller, we stumbled upon a lot of issues like everybody else, and we thought like, hey, we what is it? What is it that we need? And we found out that we need consumer insights. We need to understand our customer. And that's something that became kind of a journey to really try to dive into the head of your customer. And I think we kind of succeeded. One of the things that we've done to just show that it works, was that we launched a brand in 2022 I guess it was 2022 Yes. And then we wanted to go in 12 months from zero to eight figures. It took us 13 months. But it was a, still a nice, nice thing. We pulled off right now. We have bestseller position there, and we kicked off like a listing that has over 100,000 reviews, and we only have 11 or 12,000 right now. So yeah, that's the power of understanding your customer. You're able to do that. But yeah, selling on Amazon for for quite some time, and other platforms as well, part of MDS. And still love the group, love the people and the level of sophistication, especially, of like a bunch of people we work closely with, but it's, it's a very nice, nice group to be part of. So, so, yeah, that's a little bit about

Speaker 2  07:04
me. Great. Thanks most. So, jumping in. Why? Why Europe? Why now? We'll start with the big one, the big T tariffs. They're not they're not going anywhere. They've obviously been around a fair few months now. Caused a lot of disruption, particularly for US based sellers, but that's had knock on effects worldwide, and they're still shifting. The latest big one was the India one couple of weeks ago now, with the 50% tariff there. So new country diversification, international expansion, is a route to kind of continued profitable growth and a way to potentially mitigate some of those tariff hits. On top of that, there's additional, I guess, strategic levers that come off the back a bit, or are you are able to pull, particularly from a European perspective. So a lot of the categories are sort of underrepresented in terms of competition, there's less of it. Generally. The US is super developed in generally on Amazon, market penetration of Amazon something like 85 90% over there, whereas it's much, much lower in Europe, partly because it launched there later than it did in the US. So there's, there's opportunity with, I guess, your guys's mindset and systems and network and things to build up relatively quickly and take take market share fast. Still off the back of the, I guess, lower competition. There's lower PPC costs, generally, lower growth costs. Some clients that I've worked with, and some that I don't work with, but I've spoken to who are in Europe, despite some of the complexities around logistics and things, have said that it can work out cheaper in lots of ways, and that's without taking tariffs into consideration there and then that I sort of linked to the tariff side of things. There's that you can leverage Europe from an inventory perspective to make sure that you're mitigating those tariff effects as much as you can. But ultimately, it's not to be taken lightly. There's a lot involved. It can be expensive even even with like, lots of support, depending on the size of the brand and complexities and things like that. So I think you've got to think about it from a goal perspective. Why do you want to be doing it? What's what is your business goal? Overall? The big one is it to sell the brand. Is it to merge eventually? And does an international move make sense for you? Lots of the blockers, also common blockers we see, are around, potentially, you're already in Europe. I don't know if anyone on the call is if you can raise hands or anything on Zoom, but

Speaker 1  09:49
I'm already in Europe. Put a one in the chat if you're already, if you've already got at least one asin live in Europe. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:02
See if I know anyone else got one? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  10:05
pretty sure. June sells in Europe. All right,

Speaker 2  10:13
yeah, a couple of that. And so yeah. I mean, often people launch potentially off of a device, that it's a good thing to do, but those things stagnate, or the complexities around actually scaling in some of these countries, particularly around translations, unlocking how the different customers in these different countries, interact with your product and your brand. Can store growth. Another one is markets. Where do you launch? Where makes sense? In Tel Aviv and their platform, great way to sort of Scout that out, as well as obviously looking at some of the data just generally, I guess being afraid of the big setup pieces that you'd have to consider around VAT. So that's like sales tax, the logistics side, potentially resource on, on your side, is your team, or kind of wider network of team and partners able to support, and then obviously the big, big piece potentially for your category or brand around compliance. So looking at labels, labeling in different languages, the various certifications and things that you need to need to look at. So the opportunity is, there is some numbers for you. I think the big thing I generally say to Well, I always say to brands, it's not, not necessarily true all the time, but the EU slash UK sales are never going to be as big as at a gross level as they are in the US. Um, often we see brands and work with brands that have more profitable days in Europe than they do in the US, though, and that, that's the key difference. I got some numbers on that in the set in a sec, but yeah, generally, CPCs are lower, a lot lower in France, Italy, Spain, which is interesting in there, particularly Italy and Spain, generally some of the faster growing markets that we see in Europe. And then yeah, the UK there, like the largest, I guess, in terms of number of sellers and number of brands on the platform, and that therefore the kind of smallest difference in terms of CPCs, but a very similar, very similar customer, yeah. Jump in mouse,

Speaker 5  12:41
yeah. So one example that we have is a product that we're selling in the US and in the UK. Right now, we're expanding to other markets in Germany as well. It's a fairly new brand, but we're selling in the US, around 2000 units a day. We're selling in the UK around 400 ish, 500 ish products a day. The difference is that many days we have more profit in the UK with those numbers than we have in the US for for like, like, four times as much sales. So that's, that's what you're saying, is 100% true, like costs are lower and competition is lower. So for a higher price, even with VAT included, we have more profit in the UK than we have in us, although the volume is lower than that. So it's not that from a volume perspective, numbers might be lower, but from a profit perspective, it might be that you actually make more money in Europe than you make in the US. It's not for all products, but for some now, at least for this one I'm mentioning, it's clear,

Speaker 2  13:42
and that ties back to tariffs as well. If, if you've got a product where a tariff is hitting your P and L for that unit, then if you can take that out as a cost from the P and L through, through selling it in Europe, then yeah, ties in to what, what Mels was saying around product profitability. There's, despite some of these markets being around for quite a while now, there's definitely still early mover advantage for businesses coming over from the US. There's a few stats around, like the number of US sellers over in in in Europe at the moment, and some people put it between sort of two and 5% of US sellers being over in, in, in, in Europe now, so big opportunity still to get over here. Some interesting growth stats there. So the UK, despite being one of the the biggest, second biggest after Germany, market in Europe, grew 13% in 2024, year on year. And yeah, Germany, Germany, the biggest one, just grew just under 10% and Belgium, one of the new, newest EU markets on Amazon, going really fast, 702% year on year there, in terms of some. There's mechanical data here. I assume we'll share these slides afterwards. So if you want to take a closer look, you'll you'll have them there. But just wanted to show, yeah, again, that size differential between UK and the US there, just to give you an idea of some of the opportunities. So how fast can you move? A little bit of a timeline here to cover this would be, you know, starting completely fresh. You may have some of these bits covered already, and so we'll go through this process in a bit more detail. So I won't run through this too much, but yeah, generally, you're looking at sort of four to nine months on average. The big two big hold ups will be your VAT certificate, application and and the compliance side of things. If, if you do need to go and potentially look at labeling and redesigning of labels, etc, for this market, then that will potentially add on, add on some time. Intellivie can jump in here on a couple of bits, particularly around reviewing market opportunities. And then when you get to that, that setup piece, two great times to be looking at polls and that sort of data miles. I don't know if you want to jump in there, on, on, on the different ways you could use it at those two stages.

Speaker 5  16:16
Yeah, well, absolutely so, so review market opportunities that, what we found out is that there's a lot of differences in in the US and market markets in Europe. Some products in the US are not selling in Europe that well, or some products in the US are not selling that well in Europe. And that's well, you know, it's a different breed of people. And even in even in Europe, you have like, different different country, like Europe is not like the US. Everybody thinks that. Like, if you talk with someone from the US, like, Oh, you guys are from Europe, right? Yeah, but someone is from France and we're from the Netherlands, like, completely different ball game. And even Germany and the UK is like, completely different people. Like, I'm not sure if in the US, most people and they have it from the north and the south. There's some differences in people, but in Europe, it's like, it's different culture, different languages, different cultures. So yeah, you want to review market opportunities, and especially in the eyes of the consumer. So if you, if you, if you look into the market and say, Hey, this is a potential that I see, because this product is selling well in the US, and it might not be that it's selling well in Europe, and vice versa. There's, there's other opportunities in Europe that you might, you might not see in the US, for example, and there's maybe later in the presentation we can see that as well. But if you look at the Netherlands, for example, like a lot of a lot of traveling is happening by bike. So we once had a customer of ours that that came and he was, he invented bike lights, specifically, very specific bike lights. And he was, he was willing to go to the US. What can I go to the US? And it was the Well, we did some testing, but in the US, there's barely any people going by bike, percentage wise, from the population. And even at night, it's like, even less so bike lights on the bike.

Speaker 1  18:03
Well, it streets the cycle. They're less likely to lead a light, right? Because they got well lit streets. Yeah.

Speaker 5  18:11
Well, that's, that's the other thing too. So, so, yeah, that was, that was a big difference. Is like, okay, there's a no go, but the other way around might be as well, right? There's products that that, there's opportunities in Europe that you don't have anywhere else, and even there's opportunities in UK you don't have in Germany and vice versa. So yeah, it it's very important to look like what trends are, but also what is happening in the eyes of the consumer. And what we found out there, there, there are potentials with, with, with a global market in mind, there are solutions for problems that different countries have that well, maybe German never picked up. And then if you go to market it in those countries, you have to talk the language of the people. Not only you have to make it in German, but even in Germany, Germany is a very formal I'm not sure anyone been to Germany, but if you do business with Germans, like, like German people, they're very formal, and they won't say that if you talk to a German, no, that's not true. We have but it's different. Like, like us is like, you're with people from the US, your friends immediately. Like, people call you friends if you you drink a beer at a bar, and then you're great friends. Well, in Germany, it's not that way. You just, you just know someone, or it's like a vague acquaintance somehow. But it takes more time to I see a Chen from France as well. Chen, you can probably chime in too. French people are different people than Dutch people, and different people than UK people and German people. So learning to understand what makes them tick, what makes them buy, what makes them click, what makes them reject things, is very, very important. So it's not only about the product, it's much more. That's what we try to Well, what we found out, and what we try to leverage to the maximum is to understand. Consumers and talk the language that consumers with a with a with a buying intent are are convinced by, because that's what you want to do when you sell. And then you see even in like and then you come with a knowledge of the US, for example, where everything is much more sophisticated and there's a much more competition. And now you take that knowledge to a less sophisticated country, or less sophisticated marketplace, like like, like Germany or France, where where competition is not that high on specific markets, and then you understand your customer. You talk the language of the consumer, and then you'll be that's a home run. I mean, we had, we had products where we became bestseller in the UK was almost overnight, but, like, it took us, like, three weeks. And where in the US, it takes much, much longer, and the competition is especially well. For example, from from Chinese sellers in the US is much bigger because the market is bigger. So, so, yeah, you in Europe, understanding your customer is super important. And even in per country, it's very important to understand trends, to understand consumer behavior, to understand what you have to say, what not to say. So, yeah, doing this research prior to selling a product or developing a product, I think, is key. Yeah, this might be perfect five cents on that. I don't know

Speaker 2  21:23
if you wanted to run through as well, just like marketplaces and things that you're in. So I jumped ahead a couple of slides just so you were

Speaker 5  21:29
coming. Yeah, sure. So you we can chime in that like this. These are the markets we have right now, where we have and then you see, for example, in Germany, we not only have Amazon because, because in Germany, and that's especially in in Europe, that's that's more the case Amazon is, is in the US is market leader. E commerce equals Amazon. But if you look to the Netherlands, for example, Amazon is not even market leader. BOL, bl.com, is a very big seller, even for technology you have, like, different websites, different Yeah, different platforms where people buy their products. In Germany, it's Kaufland. Kaufland is a very big marketplace as well, besides Amazon. So what we've done and intellivier is trying to what we we think it's important. Our belief is it's important to simulate the marketplace, so we actually rebuild all those marketplace into in Tel Aviv to do well to have customers in that same area. And then we test products, we do market research, and then we see the differences of people buying on Kaufland versus people buying on Amazon. So even then, we can see, hey, some products might do well on Kaufland but not do well on Amazon, and vice versa. And even pricing is a very important thing. So sometimes you can, you can sell higher priced products from kauffland in Germany than you can do on Amazon, simply because Amazon is known for having lower prices, but even, but, but also that Amazon is known for a lot of Chinese sellers are there. So you can have a lot of crap products that come from Amazon. That's where Germans know Amazon for as well. So, but Kat land doesn't have that. So if people want to have more color quality, they go to kau flat. If people want more quality in the Netherlands, they go to bol.com and they compare bol with with with Amazon, and you see that they have more trust in bol than they have on Amazon. What does it mean you can sell for higher prices on BL than you can sell on Amazon? So sometimes you better sell on BOL, not on Amazon. So if people go to Amazon, they don't see your product for a lower price. So these are strategies you can you can have, but what we try to do is have a as big as possible marketplace saturation. So these are just what we have now. But actually today, I spoke with without with our team, and they're working on Korea, some Korean marketplace right now to to set up a market simulation there. I never heard of it, coupon something. I'm not sure what the name is, but so yeah, probably in a week you'll see that marketplace added as well. So, so yeah, this is, this is just where it starts. But if you see, what you can see is that in every country we well, we have the language of the country, we simulate the marketplace in that view of that country, with all the specifics of that country as well added, and these other marketplaces, non Amazon, as well. And that's important to do your proper research. So what I said, Where are you going to sell your products? And if products are saturated on Amazon, is it saturated on these other marketplaces as well? Spend a couple of bucks, and you can find out if bol have the same type customers as Kaufland has and Amazon has. So yeah, it's, I think, very important to understand consumer behavior from that angle too. Yeah.

Speaker 2  24:41
Yeah, perfect. And then I think there's, I think there's also a piece sort of, so there's a pre launch or a pre sort of identification piece where you're looking at market fit, marketplace fit. And then also prior to your launch, when you've got your listings looking good, translations, all of that sort of thing that you then. Start using intellivier And I guess, the more classic way to compare against, compare different content options, different pricing options and and test out the the understanding, I guess, of the translations and things like that, against competition in market.

Speaker 5  25:18
Yeah, too, but if you do it correctly, well, it's kind of intertwined in the beginning process. It's not like you do one thing there and then one thing there. It's more when you do your pre market, your pre development process, that mostly, most of the times, includes you continue. Okay, what kind of image do I need to have? What kind of that comes close to product feature? What kind of product features do you need to have? One, one interesting example, by the way, is that sometimes products in the US, they are very sophisticated. You need to have like, 567, or eight different features on one specific product. Where, if you go to the Netherlands, for example, it's better to strip that down to only three or four and just exclude a few because people don't understand it anymore. So you do that from the from the pre development process. Then you develop the product, but at the time you're going to develop your listing or create a create your listing, you already have the images that you've tested with in the beginning process. So it's kind of intertwined, of creating your product and your listing as 111, thing as a whole, and then fine tune it later down the road. And that's fine tuning is something that I think a lot of you know, the traditional polling is for if a new competitor comes along and they have a nice image, and you want to improve your image versus them, but that's that's different process. And I think most of them, most of the people start there. But if you want to do it right, you start at the beginning by developing your product, understanding your customer. What do you have to say? What Not To Say, what makes them tick? What is the problem they have? What kind of solutions are they looking for? And you have to take the customer from from that part of the journey and and and morph them into towards your product, so to speak. That makes sense. So that's, that's how, how you do it in the pre development process, and then your listing listing optimization process. But then it's

Speaker 1  27:10
exciting. I'm, I'm I'm generally telling people to focus on Germany, France, Italy and Spain. In Europe, I find that the rest of the rest of the marketplaces put together are probably like less than a half of what Spain is, which is my lowest selling market, is that what you're finding, are you finding that any of you finding already meaningful volume from Sweden or the Netherlands, or any of the new ones?

Speaker 5  27:35
It depends on the products, like, some products are selling in Sweden, not anywhere else, like it's some, some things are very specific for the country, but what you say is fairly right. I think for the most products that we well, Amazon sellers are selling is not very specific, niche oriented product. And then then it's the case. But then sometimes it's easy. You're already selling in like, four or five, six countries. So why not add a few more, right? And then, and, but then do it right? And I think a lot of it comes down to talking Well, speaking the language of the consumer. But we've, we've seen, we've seen customers of our we don't have them ourselves, but we've seen customers of ours that do very, very well in Italy, very high numbers. But it's a very specific product for Italy. Some products that you don't sell in Germany or in Sweden. So sometimes you have these type products that are that are kind of how to say that, like, like, local, local successes, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:31
yeah. We had the top selling beard oil in Italy for a few years. That was good, while it lasted. But, yeah, it did, but it didn't do well in like, it did okay in Germany, just didn't do well in um, didn't do well in France or Spain. It was, it was interesting.

Speaker 5  28:47
Exactly those type of weird things that you find out. And that's, that's also, if you, if you do proper market research, you'll find it out. You'll find out, hey, this product is actually going to take off in this specific country. Sometimes it's a little twist you have to make on the product, and then it starts selling well in these countries. So, yeah, it might, it might help to do some research in these countries, spend a couple of bucks to investigate it, to see if there are some hidden potential. I mean, if nobody's selling there, it doesn't mean it's not people don't want to have it. It's simply that that no other seller ever took had the balls to start selling in those countries. And sometimes the listings that are in that country are so bad that it's obvious that it's not selling very well. So if you do a little bit of the tricks and the magic that we've learned in the other countries we're selling in, well, you can make a home run pretty quickly. And home run, of course, in these countries, maybe 50 units a day is very is a lot that you very have to be very happy with. But what? What if you can make much more profit because the competition is lower? I mean, it can be equal to selling 150 200 units in the US. So, yeah, it's but finding those gems and finding the potential is simply like going spending some time by doing some market research and investigating and and, well, just start doing it. And I. What Ted mentioned, if you, if you are, if you have your foundation set in Europe, you can basically sell in all over Europe. And adding an extra country is sometimes fairly easy.

Speaker 2  30:14
Yeah, you can use Amazon, FBA to fulfill into the other countries without necessarily having to store in them to test them out. So if you're being I guess, particularly careful, you could, yeah, do some market research, work with intelliview, etc, figure out that the product might do well, and then, and then test it out without committing stock and things like that upfront. Great.

Unknown Speaker  30:39
All right, let's keep going, guys,

Speaker 2  30:42
perfect. So yeah, compliance is generally a big, big blocker to anyone who's not, not there already. There's, I guess, three, three broad buckets that you got to be aware of from the compliance side. One is the like tax and registration side of things. There's then product compliance and I guess broadly business business compliance, outside of the tax side of things. I won't go into too many of these in too much detail, because a lot of them are dependent on your product type and that sort of thing that you're thinking about. But yeah, Amazon will block you or not allow you to set up if you haven't ticked all the boxes. And so doing a thorough check up front and making sure you've, you've got everything in place up front is, you know, the only way this is going to work. And so, yeah, we can, we can support on all of those. I'll jump into, into them in a set. I think the key one, though, is definitely around VAT. So to use Amazon FBA in in any of the EU countries and the UK, you need a VAT number live and linked to your Amazon account in that country, in terms of our method and where it links into Intel Aviv, which I think we've covered in fair amount of detail. But if, if we get there, Mel, so you can jump in, but we, we essentially work as your EU slash UK expansion partner. We handle all those compliance bits that we, we just went through so VAT compliance and, like actual Amazon account setup, as well as then managing and sort of white glove format your your growth in in those markets, taking into account a lot of those local nuances around language, customers, etc, that that Mel's Mel's went through there, so that you grow confidently, smartly and profitably in those in those countries, there's, there's limits to the support we can give on on the compliance side, just because obviously you as a business have, like, legally, have to tick certain boxes, etc. And for those bits, we provide as much information up front to you as possible, so so that you can do those quickly and easily without too many headaches. It's all about minimizing the headaches. Wanted to sort of give a little bit of a case study and add a bit of color color to this. And so, yeah, I found this brand ritual in the slim chance that they're on on this call, that you're going to get some a little bit free advice here, but they're a prenatal supplement brand in the US, as far as I could tell, not selling, selling anywhere in Europe or the UK. The, I guess, ideal kind of candidate for thinking about expansion in terms of, yeah, the amount they're selling, which is they're doing very, very well. You could definitely think about Europe if you're selling a fair bit less than that, but you're in that you're in that sweet spot. Their premium brand average price is around $45 premium brands do get to translate very well over to the UK and Europe. You obviously need to think about pricing and things like that. But, yeah, good, good, good candidate. Content looks really good. You could translate that very easily over to over to Europe as well. Some red flags, supplements are supplements, and generally anything you've got a human needs to eat or drink. A bit of a red flag when it comes to expansion and that compliance side, that's going to be a Sticky, sticky problem for, for for the brand, they're going to have to think about labeling translations of those labels, potentially, potentially even reformulating products specifically for, for the wider market. And, yeah, it's that would be, I think, the big, the big challenge with them. But yeah, big, big opportunity to move, move supplement brands over in terms of the method. And I guess linking that back to the case study, there's probably, probably six steps, step. Ones in audit, that's where we work very closely with intellivi to scope out the market opportunity, not just the sort of qualitative data that you get out of intellivi, but also then the quantitative stuff that we can get through through our tools and market scraping software. To give you an idea of the numbers the opportunity, paint a bit of a picture there, so you know what you what you could be aiming for in terms of market share, what's that's going to, what that's going to look like in terms of gross sales, and we could track back from that in terms of the in terms of a P and L, um, then, then there's a compliance review, I think particularly if you're a supplement brand, or there's, there's a red flag around some stuff you might have to do on the compliance side. We will do that upfront, before you kind of commit to anything long term, so you can back out without any, any, you know, financial and big time commitment from your side. Um, then there's a logistics side. So there's going to be easier for some and harder for others. It depends on lots of different factors. For ritual, the brand we saw before, I mean, the most likely manufacturing in the US. So they're not necessarily going to have the tariff concerns and things, which is, is good for them, but they've got to, still got to ship over to the UK and or Europe. And or Europe, and so they're going to probably need a base of operations, there a three PL warehouse, something like that, and and then obviously thinking about how they're then getting, getting stuff into Amazon off the back of that, and dealing with returns. It's a supplement brand. They're probably not going to get that many returns, but I'm sure everyone on this call has had an issue with Amazon, where you've sent in a shipment, and for whatever reason, they've decided to mark it as unfulfillable, and you've got to get it returned. And it turns out it's all fine anyway, so you can send it back in, but you need to be able to deal with that sort of, that sort of stuff. And so yeah, three PL or some sort of logistic partner locally is generally a good idea. Account and asin optimization on the account size pretty straightforward, getting the account set up, links to your US account as well. So things like reviews, etc, we can port port over, because we're using the same, same Asin. And then this is where we'd be looking at content, pricing, translations, all of that. So you were launching with the best looking and the best prepped product to succeed in these markets. Well, I'll jump to the VAT side of things. That last one there. This is, this is the most time consuming thing, or not time consuming, but you have to wait quite a long time for these VAT numbers to come in. This is your tax registration in in in country. So you'll need one if you want to sell in Germany, France, Italy, Spain and UK. You're going to need five VAT numbers individually from those countries. Some countries are faster than others. I've seen I've seen them come back in under a month. And I've seen some take up to nine months to to receive. Once you've received your first one, you can, you can set up FBA and get selling in that country straight away, and then as as the others come in, you can, you can bulk those on as you go on the business and business side of things, and that sort of non product compliance side of side of things, we we can act as your fiscal, legal representative in in those countries, on your behalf, so you don't need to jump through those, those hoops, speeding up the process For you guys, and then on some of the, I guess, sort of brand and non labeling product compliance stuff around, like, there's some legislation around waste and electronic products and things like that, which is going to be very specific to your catalog, but we can, we can help with with those certifications as well. And then finally, launching and scaling. That's where we we can support with, yeah, getting ASINs up, getting asin selling and growing. We do PPC, DSP, ads management, influencer management, as well for getting, getting the ball rolling as quickly as possible.

Speaker 1  39:17
So you are so you basically offering full account management. Is that what you're saying, or is a sliding scale, depending on how much

Speaker 2  39:25
you want? Yeah, you can we, I could. We can do the the expansion setup as a one off, one off thing, get you in there, and then your team, or existing agency, whatever your setup is, can can jump in, or we can take, take you through the whole, whole way, generally, that, as Mels has alluded to pretty strongly, there's a lot of like, local nuance and ways that Amazon is different in these countries that you need to be aware of as a seller. That's not as Amazon's own rules, but also the customer stuff, and that's where we excel and our partner. Ship with intellivi, you know, helps, helps with that and allows you to scale faster and more profitably, quicker, offering a special kind of joint, joint up offer here to cover that initial assessment piece, and so you get a white glove audit from both in televi and ripple effect, which covers that, that qualitative and quantitative piece. So off the back of it, you'll have a full assessment as to whether launching in Europe or the UK is even right for you, and the kind of product mix and design and setup that you're going to need to be able to do that, and obviously what that's then going to cost on a on a ongoing basis. I think that's it. Yeah, any questions?

Speaker 1  40:47
Yeah, sure. I'll start us off with a question, and if you guys want to put any other questions in the chat. So obviously, once you get to Europe, you've then got to you've got to send one boat to mainland Europe and another boat to England, right? What? How do you what sets up do you favor for shipping to mainland

Speaker 2  41:09
Europe? So, yeah, as as you mean, well, even if it's just one country in Europe, I always suggest a 3pm or have having a warehouse base as the best, best setup, just to deal with those returns and sort of Amazon issues that do, do flag up if you're manufacturing in China, Amazon offer a global shipping. It's called global shipping, an option where you can ship, Amazon will pick up from your manufacturer in China and ship directly into both the UK and Europe, and they do the us through that as well. But yeah, there would be a certain kind of product where maybe return levels were low and things or non existent that that makes sense for

Speaker 1  41:52
so I think we ship into Poland and it goes either direct into Amazon or into a free PL in Poland. I think there's some sort of VAT advantage to Poland as well. Like it's you don't have to pay the VAT upfront or something. Is that right? So do you guys, do you guys like Poland, or do you

Speaker 2  42:11
generally, we favor the Netherlands, just because bit, yeah, big, big sort of ports in Rotterdam and things like that. So it's a common, common route into Europe. We've got a really good partner there, who we who we recommend, and have worked with closely, who are very well synced up with not just Amazon, but some of those other marketplaces that Mel's mentioned. And they can manage D to C as well, if you go down that road and then it's close to Germany, obviously, the one of the bigger markets which a lot of people are interested in, but also also France and wider Europe. And that's but it's relatively central.

Speaker 1  42:47
Awesome. Okay, awesome questions so Alberto asks, Have you ever had a problem with your main asin that is linked with the new listing linked to the new country, like a raised bullets or something similar? I can

Speaker 2  43:02
answer that while we do one, yeah, I'm just reading it. It happens to

Unknown Speaker  43:13
us all the time, yes, yes, it's a pain.

Speaker 2  43:19
So we've got a specific process we use that can generally get around this. I think it, yeah, it's a bit bit more manual. But so

Speaker 1  43:29
what are you using, buildings, national listings, or are you just using the image upload tool? Yeah, I

Speaker 2  43:35
believe is the image upload tool, but you got to do it like one by one in each market. So yeah, it's time for you build international listings. Whilst it sounds good, I've had lots of problems with that in the past.

Speaker 1  43:48
Yeah, I've been told, I was told, not to use that as well. But yeah, we have, I think seller eyes gives us alerts if stuff has changed. Plus, we also have a member of staff go through all of our UK, US and German listings every month, and then France, Italy and Spain all once every three months for, like, a manual check, because things can just, just change and stuff. Um, probably a reason why you may not want to have your whole catalog in Europe and just focus on because we, originally we would just launch everything in Europe, sell everything in Europe. But now we're a bit more targeted. Like targeted, like just the products that work in Europe, because you just multiply the number of listings. So you do want to have, you want to have winners there. It's, it's not good to have sort of struggling products in Europe.

Speaker 2  44:39
Yeah, that's particularly with just the because it is different from the US, but there's slightly increased complexity around where stock is and in what countries and things you're using that Pan European. FBA,

Speaker 1  44:53
Okay, so question from Jennifer, do you handle the importers of record we are made in the. Say, reverse tariffs seem to be a challenge.

Speaker 2  45:04
Yeah, we can, we can support with that is something that you and your team would like have to deal with, obviously, on a fairly regular basis in terms of when you when you're shipping in but yeah, we've got lots of advice we can give on that and help you, help you make sure that that's set up correctly.

Speaker 1  45:21
So what do you think is best practice for deals? We generally are doing fairly regular deals in Germany, and we might do some in France, certainly in Spain, but we tend not to do that many. What are you finding is working best for deals?

Speaker 2  45:38
Yeah, so to kind of zoom out slightly. You've obviously got Black Friday Prime the two prime days, and most of the main like Amazon level deal events, apply to all these countries by and large. They're good to get involved in. You've obviously got to think about profitability and things like that. And we'd work with you to look at that on a product by product basis. And then there are then region or country specific, I guess you'd call them holiday deal events as well, like the back to school is about to kick off, for instance, in well across Europe and probably in the US as well. And so there's things like that to be aware of. Again, product specific. So some are going to be worth getting involved in others, aren't you? If you have more margin, which we're generally saying, you probably will, you can maybe be a bit more deal focused, and is obviously a good way to help jump up rankings and boost, boost sales volume. Um, I've seen, I've seen things like vouchers and stuff definitely become less effective over the past two or three years. So so opting for those more like premium option of deals, 777, day or Best Day deals and that sort of thing tend, tend to have the best, best bang for your buck subscriptions as well. Put pushing those via vouchers and things you know for supplement brands and stuff works, works very well in Europe too.

Speaker 1  47:15
So previously, we were getting real people to create listings for Germany, France, Italy and Spain, and then we were doing all the rest on chat CBT or Claude. Would you say that now llms have got to a level where you don't actually need the human translators

Speaker 2  47:32
anymore. No, yeah, strong, strong, disagree with that. I think there's, there's such, such local nuance that you need to be aware of. I think German and Germany is a good, good example of this. I think knowing who your customer is and then opting the tone and the language to that is so important. I think a very well prompted LLM could do it, but you you wouldn't be sure that it was correct in the end. So, yeah, we use human translators, yeah. And I think

Speaker 1  48:06
at a minimum, you would want to have a German person reading over your German listings for sure, because there's a, you know, you want to think about the kind of tone that you're taking with the customer? Are you formal? Are you informal? There's quite a lot going on in German, and then probably France, Italy or Spain. You want to have somebody read it

Speaker 2  48:29
over. If you're using an LLM, then at minimum, yeah, a human check is worthwhile. And I think if you've got things like instructions, maybe as part of your content, or, yeah, the factor supplements, like specific ingredients, or you're trying to like words like organic and things like that, that there are often nuances, that there's maybe two or three different options of word that you could use for that in some of these languages. So picking the right one for the product and the brand and the look and feel is very important, and a human is going to be better, better at that, than than an LLM,

Unknown Speaker  49:05
and is it worth?

Speaker 5  49:06
There's ways that we, we've we've done, we've tried a bit where we took the the the intellifi result. Of course, intellivie campaigns have local language. All the answers in Germany are given in German. So if you, if you, if you create like a situation that's pretty broad, and you have the language of the people, and you feed those answers into an LLM, then, then, then, what we found out is that sometimes you get it very close, and it's words that you normally will not use you don't have a translation for even in English, or it will be a descriptive one. We sometimes found out there even keywords that that were very interesting, keywords that we thought like, what does it mean? Is there even a translation for that? It wasn't so they use completely different words for, for, for the for products and for situations. So in intertwining that and doing that well with with, I think an LM is a good start. But then having, like, a menu. Person, getting a real person going over this, that's hidden potential, because I can assure you that that if there's most of the sellers, what they do this, they blindly copy catalyst things from from the US into German language, exactly, using that, that method. So I think there's a lot of potential of improvement if you do it, giving this extra going this extra mile, giving this extra twist of like men,

Speaker 1  50:27
particularly in Germany, you've got to bear in mind, you're going up against German sellers that only sell in Germany. So they are going to be really understanding their customer, really using the right language. Germans are going to instinctively understand that this is a German company. So if you come in with chat GPT, straight off the American listing, it's just not, it's not, it's not going to jive. It's not going to jive with them. Probably what they're good.

Speaker 5  50:53
Sorry. But the interesting thing is that that German sellers that only sell in Germany are much less sophisticated than sellers in the US. That's what I found out. So, so, so they and it's, it's improving, but most of the seller selling only in Germany. They sell only in German for a reason, and they don't know what is going on in the market, because, simply, they cannot talk. They can they cannot talk English. That's the reason why they only sell on the in Germany. So they are, they have less knowledge. So there's also potential. By by, well, it's a broader topic, not for now, right now, but I think you get the point.

Speaker 2  51:28
I think just very broadly on on AI and Europe. I think this relates, particularly if you're it feel you're in the premium space, and you're going up in that world, brands, the brands the brand that you'll be competing again against will be very well known in in either the local market or the kind of broader geography, and they will be investing in in like, custom content, photo shoots, all of that sort of thing. And so if, if you have an AI, if you use AI, and you've got that look and feel, customers will spot that, and it'll be a bit of a turn off. I would say,

Speaker 1  52:06
when we first started selling in Germany, we actually, for a while, was selling more in Germany than we were in the UK. But then over time, more and more Germans came into the category, and it just kind of kind of got squeezed out. I got got a bit harder. So still works okay for some products, but it's there was, there were some good times for the first couple of years there, for sure, when it was, when it was much easier. So males on my.nl listings, I just have them in English, because I figure most Dutch people can speak, can speak English. Will most Dutch Amazon users be expecting English, or should I be? Should I be getting Dutch? This thing's done?

Speaker 5  52:43
No, do it in Dutch. That you have an advantage if you do it in Dutch. I think one of the reasons why Amazon has not picked up that, well, in the in the Netherlands, the most sellers do that. So yeah, most of the listings are are in English, and it's

Speaker 2  52:57
Amazon. I live in France, and my my I'm learning French. It's not so great at the moment. And when I'm using Amazon, you can toggle as a customer, you can toggle different languages. Generally, English is available, and so it's definitely best to set up the listings in the local languages for the reason Mel said, but Amazon does, will then kind of auto go, you know, Google Chat, where they probably use their own AI to translate the listings if customers toggle to toggle to English or Spain, for instance, serves the Portuguese market, and so you can toggle to Portuguese automatically on that and Amazon will translate the listings. It's not great, but it that that's how those customers are set. Yeah,

Speaker 5  53:43
better to have an English and have these translations in that are done automatically. Is

Speaker 1  53:48
So in Belgium I've just put the listings up in French, is that? Is that what I should have done? No,

Speaker 5  53:56
then you only have like one part of like the My wife is from Belgium. Belgium is a very interesting country the northern the northern part of Belgium is they speak Flemish, which is a form of Dutch, and normally they say, we make all the money, and it's all spent by the people in the South that are actually speak French. So is this this big fight in this country? Normally, in the old days, there was a problem between France and the Netherlands, and then he put borders around the problem, and he called it Belgium. And still, the problems occur in that country. So it's a country with a lot of problems, but French is only the half of the country speak French, a part of speak speak German, and the majority of the people they speak, they speak Dutch.

Speaker 1  54:37
So, so how should I set up listing? How? How should I set up the listings then?

Speaker 5  54:42
I'm not sure. I'm not familiar with how Amazon, because

Unknown Speaker  54:47
I don't know if I can add, I don't know if I can, like, add Flemish in.

Speaker 2  54:52
You can only do one, one language in the in the back end. So, yeah.

Speaker 1  55:00
I'm having one French. French is the most spoken language in Belgium mine.

Speaker 5  55:04
No, I don't think so. I don't I think, I think, I think Dutch is the most spoken language in Belgium.

Speaker 1  55:11
But I would have thought that I would afford the Flemish speakers could also speak French.

Speaker 5  55:17
No, they don't, okay, and vice versa. Even despite the French speaking one don't speak Dutch,

Speaker 1  55:25
I get barely any sales there. So that probably doesn't make that much difference. You think there should be? If you think, if I'm going to choose one, it should be Flemish.

Speaker 5  55:33
Why it's, well, I think it's put it to the test. Like, is this product? Like, what is competition doing? Are they putting them in French or Dutch, and then check it out, like, like, run a run a campaign in intellivia and find out, like, what will be well, will it work better in Dutch or better in in French? I think it's something you have to investigate, product by product.

Unknown Speaker  55:57
Yeah, I'd see where the competition are doing as

Speaker 1  56:00
well. Cool. All right. So the deal was $1,500 for the full, you know, the full checkup, where you can tell people which ASINs you think they could set in, send in, and exactly how it would work, making good money in the US, they don't want to get too they don't want to get too distracted, right? So for $1,500 you can fully tell them, we think you should sell these pockets in this marketplace. And if you want any, if you this is how much it would cost for us to help you. Then if you want further assistance after that, it'll cost this, this and this,

Speaker 2  56:31
right? Yeah. And we'll give you a red, yellow, green, sort of traffic light, red to do it. It's not like the opportunity is not there, or, you know, you're really gonna have to look at your product mix and be very specific about what you launched in Europe. Yellow would be, yeah, maybe, but you've got to, we've got to work on these things. And green is like, you're good to go. Let's do it,

Speaker 1  56:53
right, Ted, I think you got last slide with your email address, right?

Speaker 2  56:56
I do. I should. Yes. This is sending the slides

Unknown Speaker  57:00
ahead of time. It means I know,

Unknown Speaker  57:02
yeah. Means I know that link,

Unknown Speaker  57:04
put the book call link in the chat as well, please.

Unknown Speaker  57:08
Yeah, I would say.

Speaker 1  57:12
And if you guys could also just give some feedback on the feedback form, that'd be really helpful. So, yeah, come, come and come and sell in Europe, guys, there's a lot of people there, and I think eventually, over time, more and

Speaker 5  57:27
more use someone's, well, use some, use someone like Ted. I mean, we, our team, did it without it, and we, I think I spent way more money than I would would have spent if I worked with Ted in the beginning.

Speaker 1  57:40
Yeah, it's, it's, it will be, if you decide to do it yourself, it'll be a massive distraction. The opportunity cost would be pretty heavy from the VAT and the legals. And then if you miss something, you know, one of your competitors will report you for it. It's just, it's not worth it. So yeah, there's a link in the chat as well.

Unknown Speaker  58:02
And then, Jamie, will you share this? Share the slides? Yeah,

Speaker 1  58:06
we'll add the slides to the notes as well. So the recording will be live tomorrow, the slides will be with the notes. So no call tomorrow, no call next week, because of the summit, but I will be back the week after. Hope to see lots of you guys in Milan Um, thanks for coming.

Speaker 2  58:23
Thanks very much everyone. Cheers guys. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai