Speaker 1  00:05
Let's go All right, so and AI agents. I'm Ian sells. I'm member number one. I've been around the block, sold two brands. I still have one. I found an MBS street, a key and joined brands. So always come up with ideas and tools. And not, you know, not necessarily, not necessarily, because I want to help sellers, but I just have these ideas and I want to, like, push them out. And so having a good team. We're just talking about, like, really helps to give your ideas out. And like, you're not doing all the heavy stuff right. And I do, like sauerkraut, kids, candy to events. So probably many of you are like, Hey, what are AI agents? Right? This is kind of a new term. There's also an MCP servers that are coming out now. But basically chat GPT is like, you put in, you put an input in, and it gives you an output, right? Like it doesn't do anything if you do the summary. And now it's starting to say, Hey, do you want me to make this into a presentation? You want me to, you know you know, you know this. You want to set this up. So it started moving that direction, but it's but it asks you the questions. So the AI agents are basically, they you can basically create a AI agent that's like, if it's your virtual assistant, for instance, right? This is what an AI agent system looks like. There's a main agent that coordinates with the project management agent and the writing agent and the editor agent and this. And then they can kick things back and forth to each other until the agent is happy with the work and then delivers it. So it's like, hey, find me. Find me, like all of the best five star hotels in Italy and all the hotel and all the Airbnb options, and then tell me which one of the best ones, right? Like, that's a lot of work. One has to go to the Airbnb. One has to go to the hotel. And it's going to also say, hey, we need a flight there from San Diego. So these agents can actually work together to create stuff. So it's like, you can automate, you know, blogs to YouTube, posts on WordPress, within the AI agent system, okay? And so they also, like, like I said, they work with each other. So it's about, it's like building an AI team. Essentially, you have a writer, an editor, a proofreader, you know, a poster, a Social Media Creator, and these are all individual agents that have their own guidelines. And so they all work together to create it so they can adapt and learn. So I put this kind of stuff up here. He's got some good YouTube tutorials, and I'll have the links in there. But like, you can just build a whole team, and you literally can upload their JSON files and basically, like, build out the entire workflow, like, in a second. That's and you have to hook up your AI and perplexity and all this stuff to it. So I'll do that. Why this matters is obviously like your your goal is to build this army that never sleeps, that's always making content, always checking with you, always answering questions, always feeding roof is always doing these things, right? And so these agents can become autonomous, and it will get better and better, but they're super cost efficient. They don't call in sick, right? They can do a lot of the heavy lifting that most people do, and you just have, like, an AI, a human like we were talking about, you know, monitor these AI bots needed, but it can also make your results exponential. Imagine if you have a built an AI agent system to outreach to retailers, right, to find you mom and pop shops to sell to. It can actually respond to their emails, send out the price list, update the prices based on the customer size, all this stuff, all autonomously. So it's pretty cool. So this is like some real world examples of like agents. So you have a pricing agent that auto adjust prices based on competitors and inventory, right? So it can be tracking the competitors. There's some tools that already do this, but you could build it yourself. So the other thing is about so the other thing is, about AI agents and AI in general, is some of these softwares that are out there that people made to to these automations are kind of becoming obsolete. So unless you have a real like, you know, IP or something, if you're just, you know, tracking pet prices and adjusting prices, that's something that you could build on your own automation and save yourself, you know, 1000s of dollars a month, right? You know you will have one that basically reviews your your reviews, right? And then also emails them, or goes into into Amazon Seller Central and basically finds that customer, and, you know, double checks the first name against this and the date they purchase, and try to make sure this is the right person, then do the outreach right. So I don't know if you've done that manually, but you can kind of figure out who's the reviewers. Sometimes you can prevent stock outs. You can have customers oriented so it can monitor your email inbox. There's tools to do this, but now you can do it, you know, internally, with your own like set of SOPs, and keep a closer eye on it. And then it can also update your SOPs and your documents and your manuals the same time based on the questions that every time it gets better and better and smarter. So these are just some example templates within any end. So once you sign up, it's only like 25 bucks a month to have, but basically they also already have some like templates you can literally install into your business. Scrape emails from Google. App. So maybe you're looking for gyms in certain cities and you want to just send them free samples. You can do that right? Or, you know, Office products. You can just send them, you know, scrape that information, get their addresses, create an email, draft the label, blah, blah, ship it out. You can automate all this stuff and just do it. You know, start city by city, for instance, right, search LinkedIn for companies and add them to your tables. This was, I just grabbed ones I thought were kind of, like relevant to us, but and then, like, I hired a guy to do this for me. So like, Product Hunt, scraper workflow. So basically, I just make bullet points of what I want done in this automation, which is scrape, Product Hunt and all the pages of all the new SaaS companies that are out there trying to launch their stuff. You get the contact information for LinkedIn, email, phone, add endorse CRM, create an AI generated message, potentially with clay, which adds another layer of stuff and introducing our company, you know, join brands who you see, whatever, and then follow up using AI, and then I'm gonna schedule a demo with that company. All automated right now, usually I used to have to hire somebody do this, and I would, you know, hire somebody this, then hire something. So now you can basically string these things together. Once you've got learn how to use it, you can kind of build out these things and plug in other so all I have to do is plug change product, Hunt scraper for, you know, app, Sumo scraper, and then I can run the same workflow. So all I can do is figure out the next step. And there's other random ones I found, like generate Amazon FBA keywords using Amazon completion API. So this is what a workflow looks like. See it's like step by step by step, and just it literally, as you can watch it run. It just runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, and then kicks back. Pretty cool are the random one published image and big multiple social media platforms. So you can always make postings across, you know, different channels, right? So here's basically the overview how to get started. There's a Facebook group for any then. So you can literally post and be like, hey, I need an expert. In the end, it's like 500 I'm finding people like, $500 $2,000 $1,000 hourly, for 20 bucks an hour. My mostly Indian guys, you know, plus a job. So you can find these experts that's, well, basically, I'm talking a bunch of them. Make your ideas into bullet points, and developers can make a combination. So you don't have to be really, I don't think you have to, like, go so deep. It's like, when you're blocking your dog or whatever. Just like, what is that that process, the bullet points, what are the steps? Just the basic figure out what the other stuff later. But like, what are the steps in these processes I'm doing that I can automate? And it's really a simple bullet point list. There's a bunch of YouTube tutorials that I have linked here from this guy, and then one of them has a school group that gives out templates like this, literally, you can download, you know, like your AI, personal agent, that will go into your inbox. And you know, you can basically send a message to your whatsapp, say, hey, you know, book a call with, you know, Yuri, and it'll literally do that, send you an email to hedge with your call and all this stuff. So just by doing a voice memo, because chat GT can take the voicemail, turn it into data, and then process it with agents. So this is, this is personal assistant, AI, so, like, I was, I went to the school group, right? You can download this, so you can even just, like, take these files, upload it, and kind of see how it works, and watch the video here, in order to steal his like, personal assistant, AI, but basically it's, like, it starts with these. But this personal assistant, right? Works with open ad, works with Slack, message, calendar. Agent works with the research. Agent works with projects. Agent has knowledge base jumps in Pine COVID. It also uses, like, other stuff. So it's like, it's doing all these things. It's crazy. So I think this is like, you know, this is where everything's moving, and chat G's also moving this direction. And

Speaker 2  08:41
so I said, Can you schedule a meet? Yeah, that was cool. Actually.

Speaker 3  08:46
That's amazing, yeah, so anyway, that's Wow, yeah, it's only 24

Speaker 1  08:57
hours a month, but it's, that's just like a, it's like a no code platform, right? So it's not like, it's not like it's doing anything for you. You have to build out the workflows. But like, that's what I'm saying. The bullet points are, like, kind of like, each node of the workflow what you want to do, then you could basically have somebody take that idea and do what I mean. Or you could spend hours, you know, learning yourself.

Speaker 4  09:15
So when you ask someone want to set up something for you, isn't, are there? There's going to be some maintenance, right? You need to have someone to look at the code and then maybe, like, change it by needing it or, or is it just like, one time to the code.

Speaker 1  09:28
Maybe the scrapers can break certain things, you know, but like, it's, it's really, like visual so, like, every time you click on one of these things, it opens up a secondary window where it has, like, the code behind it. And obviously it's got, like, it's kind of like, you know, type form, or like, you know, it's got fields you can fill out. But then you can also go to, like, the coding side of it, and like, deal with the Python code and all that stuff. So it can be very visual and simple. And there's and there's always templates. So like, you can be, like, I need a Slack node. And so whenever it gets a new customer or newer you because, you know, when you find. Even go on Amazon, notify me in Slack, so that that node already exists, so you don't have to build in, like, Slack integration. It's already there. You just have, you have kind of your slack to this, right? Then it looks so the whole flow looks at this. When you run this, like, you trigger it with telegram. He's like, Hey. I mean, it's pretty cool. Like,

Unknown Speaker  10:18
oh, just watch this for a second.

Speaker 5  10:19
So I said, Can you schedule a meeting for tomorrow with Michael Scott at noon, and then can you email him to confirm if that works? So we're gonna fire that off. See it take place real quick. It just got Michael Scott's email information from the contact database. Now it's gonna go back to the agent, and then the agent is going to figure out which agent to send it to. As you can see, it's hitting the calendar agent as well as the email. Agent looks like the email just got sent. Looks like the calendar event just got made, and now it's gonna respond to us. The meeting with Michael Scott has been successfully scheduled for tomorrow at noon. Additionally, an email has been sent to him to confirm if that time works. You can view the meeting details here, as you can see, here's that meeting confirmation. Hi, Michael. I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to schedule a meeting with you tomorrow at noon. Please let me know if this works for you. Looking forward to your confirmation. Best regards, Nate, and then hopping over in the calendar, we can see tomorrow, at 12 to 1pm we have a meeting with Michael Scott. And if we click in, we can see that he was emailed as well for the meeting.

Speaker 2  11:12
A few weeks ago, I uploaded this video where I showcased this personal assistant, like,

Speaker 1  11:16
wow. He just put that he has a telegram. He made the telegram trigger, so he talks to tell everyone. An agent responds

Speaker 6  11:22
and does all the work, right? Knows what he's asking for. That's crazy.

Speaker 1  11:33
We'll also check your calendar as well, right? The agent, yeah, check your calendar. It'll suggest your times, so you can, like, stack these automations together, but it's like, a

Speaker 2  11:42
workflow, right? Yeah. So How smart are, like, those individual nodes that are agents, like, so there's, there's actually behind it. There's like, a like, it's a different LLM behind

Speaker 1  11:52
Well, chat, GPT, perplexity, like, call, you can string them all together, okay, so like, for the, for the coding, you know, or the complex things you want to send to send to perplexity, yeah, you know, for writing, if you want to do, like, coding, Claude, writing, chatting, to be like the overall, like orchestrator, so, yeah.

Speaker 4  12:10
So agents, yeah, like people today, you know your

Speaker 1  12:20
agent can use voice too, so they can actually talk with, like, rice. And then they can, like, order a pizza for you, and it knows what kind of pizza you like, and there's no pepperoni, it can suggest sausage, because it's close enough, right? And, like, it can literally talk to the pizza person they don't even know they're

Unknown Speaker  12:33
talking to. Eat that. Yeah?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai