Speaker 1  00:05
So I choose a little bit different topic, because actually boring. It is boring. It is boring. What I realized that this was is very boring, because retail, e commerce, very sweet, though it means like, it's a really basic topic. But people that after 2005 2007 that they actually never actually experienced what the retail it is. I start working. Okay, that's about me. I am a members MBS number since 2023 I won the ocean and martial arts revenue to three millions. Working hard to do that. I started e commerce, 2006 with the eBay and I jump on Amazon, 2008 so it made, you know, since not the beginning of Amazon, but they've been taught a lot of processes, how it evolved. I actually started working back in early 90s in the retails. That's why, before I jump on the E commerce business. I got, like, 15, 1617, years in retail, and I did sales, I did wholesale, I did on a different level in the retail business. So I think I have some experience that current generation doesn't have and it doesn't have because they never actually had to do it. We so much like the ecommerce that we jumped through it, and everyone can continue with it. And now there's a trend. Go back to retail. There are some mobile calls. There was some, you know, presentation that actually people explain to new generation what the retail is and why it's going to be beneficial or not beneficial. I'm not gonna solve deep when this presentation is gonna be just the best system, but it's there is different points for, for and against it, against the retail and the E commerce business depends on the problem. Depends what you're looking for. But I don't think that the new generation has enough experience with the retail, because retail is a little bit different. You're in a personal experience with the person, like a personal experience with the clients. And you can it cannot hide. You have to answer the question immediately. It's not like the E commerce. You have 24 hours on Amazon. You can actually say, let me ask my manager, like, respond to an hour. So do you

Speaker 2  02:17
consider ourselves new generation? I don't know.

Speaker 1  02:24
I had such experience, so I really would like to share, yeah, so e commerce will sit there. Was the biggest difference the E commerce business is the convenience. Of course, you shop 24 hours. 24/7 you go there. You buy whatever you want to from what whatever you want around the world that they're going to deliver to your dog, but what you're skipping is this price. Is the retail usually actually you're skipping the point that you actually go to the store, has the experience, grab the product with this one, physically like it or don't like it. You have at least some your own opinion. In the E commerce business, you don't have that one. You have somebody else opinion about the product that you want to buy. That's actually the biggest difference, because you rely on the reviews. They're super important. You realize I rely on the picture, statements, content, everything like that, but you don't have the experience. So there is no like positive and negative things. It's just different. So you have to understand for your business, what's the best way. That's why I try to do this presentation. So the definition is selling goods or services and physical stores that the retail, the E commerce businesses, of course, buying and selling goods and services online. So that's including services as well. So how you're going to have experience from the services? If you never experienced it, you check the reviews, but definitely, if you go to the store and actually go to dry cleaning space or any other places that they provide the services it can interact to the person, so they can actually ask them questions and see how they gonna respond without hiding like communications Well, customers experience, that's what I was talking about. It's super important. It's super important for the moment that they actually, if you want to try a course, it can rewind the reviews online, but you're never gonna see the material. We cannot touch it. You cannot smell it. You cannot actually basically get your own opinion. And behind all this technology that is coming with the AI and everything, actually, we're losing this experience. We're losing the really going with your family, with your friends, or someone going get this place, go in the store and kind of have fun with this one. Otherwise, e commerce, yes, of course, that's why, actually, I didn't give my wife Amazon account until several years ago, because I know that's going to happen. Packages, packages, packages, packages, packages. I do understand that. But some of them, they don't even need, but you think you need, because you actually never experience you open the package or return it. And me as a seller, I'm a seller, not a brand owner. That's a nightmare, because I have so many returns, because the people, they don't actually know what they're buying. They think they know what they're buying, everything they have the experience, but they actually don't. You. So they return, they say, change of mind. I found it cheaper, or something like that. But when you go to the store, you have the time to experience it. Actually enjoy what you're buying. That's just a different construction. So bigger difference from our point of view. So I was talking about, if you're a customer in what bank experiences, but from us, e commerce, business, you all know what you need. You need a website, you need a store. You need the listings. You need the fulfillment. You need the shipment. But the biggest difference is that you ship each of the items. For example, this package, you have to ship it. If you have 100 packages, you have $100 100 packages, you have to ship them. That's 100 times the shipping cost. If you go down, if you go if you have a store, all we have to do is pay the store. Pay the store stuff. Of course, the everybody inside, utilities, inventory, in all the retail experience. What is coming to retail advantage, war, digital investment, but it has a high, high, high fixed cost, because the renting experiences have to be at the storefront. All this old school shopping experience come with the cost the new ones. And I'm actually from the E commerce, so I don't have a, you know, I don't have, I like E commerce more than the retail but I have to explain all the other points on this one. So E commerce business, of course, you have 1000s and 1000s of clients. You reach much more people and much lower cost because you have one large house and you can ship it. You don't have to get the stock market and pay all this higher rent. This one capability, we can actually expand much better than with the E commerce and the retail. The retail is limited to the space that you have. But of course, it depends on the product. For some of the products you have to reach actually the retail because you want to make the sales of there, that's actually the new adjustment that you have to do with the new technology, you go in the retail not to sell the product and make money, because that's almost impossible. You have to reach 100 stores, 100% but you bring the product there just to make it a product. So how this from your pink, your brand, when you put your product into the store, because you give the option to the customer to go there and have this experience that they actually they don't have to, if it's only in E commerce business. So it depends on the product. Sometimes can be very beneficial, because the people can see it, they can actually ask someone a question about it, and they can compare with other products similar to yours, like a physically of the point. And if we have something like a really good advantage points, they can check that one. For example, if your label is much more bright, much more detailed and much more interesting to this one, if you put it in the business, they cannot experience that one. They gonna experience just your picture in the picture. As you say, everything with the AIS can be super good. So you cannot, they cannot get the sparkle from a customer just because they see the product. If it's on the shelf, it can actually get get their attention. You can get much more sales in it. After that, your wife on the network. You know, I went to the store and really like this product, and I really like it so much. And go by, you can order it from online. That's what everyone is actually trying to do show the product in the retail store so they can buy from online because of the expenses, but it's a different experience challenges. So tariffs bring a lot of challenges with the common business. All this shipping delays and cyber security is a bigger is a big challenge for the E commerce business, because actually, you ship the product to the customers, but they're gonna get it in front two days. Other side of the country, three to five days. So this is some disadvantages to the E commerce business. You shaping the shipping time. People get used to this one. But back in the days they it was three days for the E commerce. Now it's like a good to three to five days for the common business, but they're still shipping time, even if Amazon offer like same day shipping logistically, this is a nightmare, and I when I order, I don't like ordering the same day, because I know that a lot of people gonna suffering because that's I am asking for this product. Someone has to go pick it up, ship it, put it in the van, go to my daughter, delivered in 234, hours. Sounds amazing, like if her consumer, but from the other side, is a nightmare, and I cannot do that to the people. So I say, okay, I can wait one day, but only one day. The

Speaker 1  09:43
Yeah, so advantages, advantages. So food traffic declines. It's reality. People go to the mall not to shop anymore. They could go around to just socialize because there's so much limit social time and social experience that we have to. Find it somewhere. Unfortunately, the food traffic for the store is going out. That's why all the biggest change, they're like changing, and a lot of them are going out of the business because no one is going to shop there. But still, if you want to go, for example, buy a supplement, you still can go, you know, to GNC or something. So you can try check something with that. So maybe it's a good option just to be present there as an advertisement. Because one way you pay for the advertisement online, pay per click and all this stuff that's a lot of cost. The other way is to send it to the store and just sit there so people can actually interact with your product. But of course, the retail has the higher fixed expenses because of that, especially in California with this labor laws and stuff like that, if you have to hire people, it's so expensive, my opinion, friends and future after that, I said, I'm going to give you my opinion. So in my opinion, the future is actually some kind of blended models between them. You cannot ignore it, but you cannot go full in in the only one model, because it's not, it's not totally not reliable, but it's going to be much more expensive. You cannot work at the retail stores. Work retail sales, just as advertising money that you're spending. So the people can get this experience that they're working from the common business. So basically, combine both of them, you can actually get some results that you got to be beneficial for the your products that you're selling, miser service seller, I have this advantage that I don't have to advertise specific products. Because if you want to buy a summer sunburn, you know what the summer sandbars? Because you already been in a story these three years. Why you want to buy a solo soundbar then, sorry, for example, but on good brass, but one is the best than the other one is okay. So this experience, you cannot provide it online. It doesn't matter how good the advertisement is for the solos, you still gonna listen to this TV. So you cannot listen to a speaker on this TV thing that is super good. It just comes. That's the limitation of it. But if you want to buy a soundbar and go to the store and just listen to the sound, then you're gonna buy it to the spot, because it's it's amazing. You have this plus experience that you never have from the ecommerce business. And I know that we have, we Commerce Guys, and we sell only even online, but this is something that we are working in the economic business, and maybe blending it together is going to be the future. Who knows? Let's try

Speaker 1  12:32
it. No question about the radio. You guys don't like the retail. I know a lot of expenses, but it is, it is necessary. It's necessary for another most of the problems. And that's why I give the example with the soundbar, because he cannot experience the soundbar online. It doesn't matter how good is your speakers. It's still going to be your speaker. And you're going to listen to the Samsung speaker. You want to think that you imagine some amazing sound from songs, for example, put it out. You have to go to the story, experience if they like it, or the girl we Yeah, questions, all

Unknown Speaker  13:10
right, correct.

Speaker 2  13:11
Oh, are you? Are you in retail? There's retail stores and having their own retail store? Are you suggesting that people are gonna start having their own retail stores.

Speaker 1  13:22
So this is a depends of the scenario. Definitely not if you're not big brand, definitely don't open because that's a lot of experiences. So you can actually jump on the whole this chains that they're still there. Your circle cities out. I'm talking about electronics point of view. Circle cities are best buys Google link and all this one, they try to match numbers and all this one, so have to find the proper chain for your product. And of course, put it in Costco, if it's appropriate. Put it in Walmart, or in the target or somewhere, so the people can get experience. I remember another boardroom, we are talking about mass cosmetic, and the guy saying we put it in what was in New York, in void else, in South Fifth Avenue, and all this time he was there, so much expensive, actually, to put it there, to get someone to work. And there was no return. But it depends on the product. You definitely have to go in some of the bigger chains. You have to step there. Once you step there, you're going to have a physical presence. You're going to have some presentation. People can experience your product and eventually put you from product to brand, which is national wide, which everyone's working. Then you can go to the E commerce and put this one because a batch, and actually experience it. And going to be beneficial for yourselves, for sure. If you're only in the E commerce business, no one's going to help you with that experience, just the reviews. We rely on the reviews, but reversal reviews, that's going to be like, hey, I really like it. If someone come to me say, I really like this remote control, it's amazing, like a heavy, useful, so, old school, new school, they have to blend together. Yeah. Five.

Speaker 3  15:00
Like the caveat to, you know, going into the store and then trying it as the DC brand models of, you know, X number of days free trial kind of thing. So you do get to try it, and you can technically return it, but if it's a mattress or something, it's such a passive to return, so you're probably not going to return

Speaker 1  15:19
it. Does advantages. Advantages? Yeah, it seems just interesting to the end. I want to tell you that, because while we talk about the future, AI is still how it move. But yeah, something for the run to have to jump from the back as well.

Speaker 2  15:31
Yeah, retail sales is still bigger than online sales.

Speaker 1  15:36
Most probably, yeah, most probably, the chances are still there. Yeah, what I'm actually what I'm doing come see. I'm tracking which one is still there. Like, for example, Best Buy is struggling, but they're surviving, and they're still regulatory, some kind of their competition, and I'm no one, and someone in the White House is 1015, guys selling prelitories. Best Buy is all over the world, not all over the world, but at least the US so me and competition for them, but they still survive. And my expenses are not quite that expensive, so they have to kind of find new way to sell their products. So going to be competitive to the economy business, and that's why they have this price match and everything like that. But still, if you want to experience something, you have to go and see it. Electronics is like that. You you can't, you can't just, I'm gonna buy these headphones. Because everyone said they're good. Yeah, they're good. But for me, for example, what I did when I want to get the headphones for myself, as a store, I have a 10 models. I put the 10 models, I put one. So each of them, I try this a really good one. So this experience, I have it because I have the productivity. Otherwise it's gonna be just ridiculous.

Speaker 4  16:42
Like a lot of people are relying on the easy return process too,

Unknown Speaker  16:49
especially Amazon is bad

Unknown Speaker  16:55
for the world. You know, you

Speaker 1  16:59
got the battery online. This is a frequentist, right? That's why maybe the option is to go to retail so the people can try it without returning.

Speaker 4  17:10
I didn't what I was thinking. Like, Amazon has been doing those, like, you know, store pop ups. They may open up some of the warehouses, like, you know, put, like, most of their products for people to aroma check out or something,

Unknown Speaker  17:23
so

Unknown Speaker  17:26
because it's too much expensive, okay, so my grace. Thank You. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai