Speaker 1  00:00
I will be talking about click rate and conversion rate increase project, and the case study that Usopp is in the end as well. So you can share with your team, if you if you see that this is a challenge that you are having as well, a little bit about my background and story as well.

Unknown Speaker  00:23
Father, two daughters, 526,

Speaker 1  00:27
years. Oh, six years selling on Amazon, hobbyist, tennis, Kat, boarding, snowboarding, running and geopolitics as well. Okay, so let's jump right to it. So we are selling charge teamers, I know IMDs members who are selling the same product as well that they're in and so I don't like what will I would appreciate if these slides are not leaving this room

Unknown Speaker  00:53
and but a little

Unknown Speaker  00:57
bit of pretext,

Speaker 1  01:01
or our business in terms of sales declining, declining, and there's lots of Chinese sellers coming in with really, really low prices. At the same time, other bigger sellers already have been increasing their markets there. So we saw that, that our numbers are not are not there where they were, and then start to dig deeper, what is, what are the main reasons? Obviously, like, price differential differentiation is something that is real. Like, we can't really compete with this kind of a super, super low Chinese prices here, but, but we try, and we need kind of So, but what we can change is the look and feel of our of our products. So, yeah, we did some tight data crunching, obviously, and so the clear conversion rates and click through rates were decreasing, and started to solve that problem on design from a design perspective, obviously other perspective as well, like, where's product manufacture this, this presentation focuses mostly on the design, design things. So rebranding. We ordered new designs for different design houses. We did click through rate tests for the main images on Amazon, on different AV test sites as well. But to be honest, I'm not really recommending design decisions based on this feedback that you get from the same because sites, I'd rather follow the Amazon data. So even for the main image, main image, and even for the CTR, yeah, yeah, yeah, because the manager experiment usually it's it's okay when people are already on the on the listing, but to see the traffic directed from the search result page, so we are following mostly only on like Amazon data. We We do some pre tests, like communication, and now things are positioned and well understand, and there are these kind of contexts, but when it comes to two customers actually like it, then what we see is, like, your top performing competitor is always the last one. Now some completely opposite and yes, as well, like, it doesn't make sense. But if we ask, like, is this understandable for you? For example, something like that down these lines, not like, is this pretty enough for you, but is it understandable? Then? Yeah, this kind of okay, please describe this or that better. This is something that we are okay with when it comes to AB test sites, but when it comes to click through rates and appeal, then just Amazon data. And actually, this is what I'm focusing on this presentation, how to get this data out of Amazon

Speaker 2  03:58
later. Then you test,

Speaker 2  04:10
sorry, then you have to test during the development and you disrupt the sales and algorithm. Okay,

Speaker 1  04:21
now and yeah, we tested the click through rates, the whole image stack after the main image was done, and this conversion rates, and then implemented it. So, and how did we do that phase one? So we created multiple burner ASINs, fake ASINs. So we took our eight impacts. We are products in 612, 18 packs. So we from our three pills, we took our 18 packs. Re labeled them with new iPhone SQL, so completely new async, three. It. You can even put them in, maybe in gray bags, so that Amazon doesn't see that this you are actually selling this product. So it's like a legal way to do it. But we did that. Created five new agents, for example, shipped them into FBA. Now second step, created new product listings with new designs, but we were selling six packs. So the test was all about six packs. So customers looking at Amazon, seeing a new design, six pack value offer and purchasing it, but receiving a different design, 80 pack, but since they got more value, say they got an 80 pack, they're like, Okay, just I purchased something for 15 but I received a $30 product. I'm not complaining, right? So, but what we got back is data. So we ran in like 1015, different time. PPC, top of search tests with these type of Asians under already existing families that already have, like, let's say, 5000 10,000 reviews. So we knew when we put this kind of a burn racing into families that all had already had reviews and the good standing, and we push it into different keywords, or keywords that have the product rated keywords, gift rated keywords, whatever type of keywords you might have with your product, just like, Okay, what is the click through rate? Or am I increasing click through rate comparing compared to the market and compared to our old design or not. And now when it comes to the click through test, I get the winners. Obviously, we are selling products that are giftable as well. So we are seeing like, Okay, is it appealing for the customers? Do they want to click in so? And we get that this data from this zone, and now we have a winner out of, let's say, 15 different designs after this top of search, PPC campaigns large, so you run 50 different designs, or 50 different ASINs, new ASINs. So 1515, sorry, like 15, around 15 designs, I don't know by heart, but, but we, but we use these five ASINs. So I do like one week, we want one design, and then I use the same burner racing, change it completely to a new design, and then use it the same as in again, but it's just like time periods are different, and did they always have zero reviews? What we did is we already have, like, a lot loads of variations in this category. So I just put this burner into a family that all that already has, let's say, 15,000 reviews, and then just pushing PPC couple search and get the click for rate data in the reviews are merged together from the other issue, so the customers are not seeing a zero review product. They are seeing like it's a 50,000 review product. Can you design and universe suffer from variation of use because customers if competitors are reporting and buying, then I might, yeah, but if customers are getting three times properly, like, Okay, this is only new main image or also new stack. Yeah. So, so we started with the main in the beginning main image, but in terms of the image stack starting from second image, it was, which is like kind of incorporated to our old image stack, a new design of the box. But on the later stage, we switched the image stack as well. But then they do two different things, like first thing you want to get the data in certain data trafficking. So first thing is traffic test, okay, and once you have done that, second step is optimizing it for conversion. How much does it cost for each one for you, what is your cost for each asin, for the test, yes, for PPC, it could be like up to a few $1,000 because it's expensive to So depends on what you want to do again per test, because if you're doing like gifts for women, half a million search gifts for birthday gifts and so on. So these are like few 100,000 to up to half a million searches a month. And if you want to start a PPC test, then kick starting a PPC to this high volume search term keywords. This means that it will you the penetration to this keywords is really expensive. 15 easy per 2k is 30k Oh, my God, I'm running out of time. It's okay. It's okay. I. 30k. Yeah, yeah. We spend a lot in different designs. Even like we spend like one agency respect, we spend 7000 on the box designs to get like five different designs and so on. So we spent a billion US. Yeah, sure, yeah, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  10:24
And so

Speaker 1  10:27
then the final step was that what we did is so we, when we found the winner, now we took

Unknown Speaker  10:37
the winning design

Speaker 1  10:40
and our main product that gets most trafficking, we took the Mini and has in stock a different design. We took the big winning design on digital and Amazon. We put all the winning design images so that the customer is looking on our Amazon stack image stack, the new product design, but actually getting the old six pack design, so we need a conversion test on that as well. So, and we, we, we did it on the slow low season. So depends on, like, how many units we sold on a week, and really the weak test, and we saw that how much they click, the rates and conversion rates in the second phase increased. And so that's old design in the bottom and new design in on top. So we got an increase of our main keyword. It was like 71% click through rate increase. And what I would like to keep in mind is just to keep it simple, like so if you're testing new design in terms of click rate, don't add any kind of decoration or self made badges or any kind of scroll stalker. So try to compare up those couples. So try to keep them as identical as possible. So if you're making click rate tests, and as I said, like second phase was the organic PPC boost victory test. That what we did so for seven days we ran this design on our best selling a actually, our best selling a scenes. So we did, actually, we didn't. We just, I was too scared maybe, which is one asin will perform. So what we did was we had three operations, and we changed all of them to a new look and feel design. The data in that okay, it's at a click through rate, at a conversion rate, because we knew that we need to purchase for Christmas, and usually we spent, like, a million worth of stock around those numbers. So I didn't want to invest, like, a million and then sitting on it afterwards. So I'd rather like do lots of testing to make sure that I'm putting my money to the right spot. Do you have a problem

Speaker 3  12:54
at this point with customer that they buy design they get?

Speaker 1  12:58
I didn't, actually, we didn't, and we don't run any into any problem in this week. But I said it was summer, it was slow season. But then the question is, like, how many days, or what is the amount of data that you are saying? Like, okay, I feel comfortable, but is it like 100 clicks or 100 sales, or 1000 clicks or 1000 sales? Or what is like? But you need to stuff that worked most. It was fairly similar, still like at the color, so that's why they might have not remembered exactly, or maybe they didn't open because they were gifting. Or, like, we

Speaker 3  13:31
had the same experience when we changed the brand and we had the same experience. The next question is, do you change the name of the brand? Or just we didn't change anything

Unknown Speaker  13:41
in terms of the brand.

Unknown Speaker  13:44
And, yeah, the numbers were good. So,

Speaker 1  13:47
so, and then we started to do the conversion rate decrease. So after we saw that, okay with our own old image tech and old flow, how we did the communication? Okay, now let's do that from the second image onwards. Let's do the communication in a different way as well. That was another longer project, so I don't have that time to go through that in that detailed way. But the conversion rate, this is like Christmas data from saying price going so we increased conversion rate 9%

Unknown Speaker  14:19
in the center with a new design,

Speaker 1  14:24
is this apple to apple comparison of the same price point? Yeah, because you told me you weren't down in the selling price last year. Yeah, but this was same price point in December, like the different designs when we actually switched in December from our design to know, because we still had loads of stock in in FBA. And then mid, mid December, we were able to switch to the new SKU under the same Mason. And then we chatted with new design. So we rebranded kind of old look to a new one in it still. Say after the test in mid season, you change back the original images, just to be that safe side. Yeah, definitely. So we did with the new designs, we just trying to test within for one week, and then switch back to the existing designs that actually the product looks and kills and Amazon, maybe, if you're really i Yeah, a bit older than me, and they can sell a new design, digitally, new design, but still old design in stock. But I think like it might fuck up your reviews. So we were not really comfortable doing that, because especially when you're buying photograph, or is it that it has a gift, you know,

Unknown Speaker  15:41
but it's a gift, it looks matters.

Speaker 1  15:52
So you stop search PPC to test new market attractiveness of new product ideas before doing the pilot order over delivering. That's what we did in terms of weight impacts people were thinking like they're getting. So when you're doing that, these type of tests over deliver to the customers, might bundle something together in your three pl If you want to do a test, then you might not run into that any problems. So and what you can do is, if you have low volume PPC search keywords, or it's a smaller niche than just combine keywords together, like, for example, shower steamers, shower bombs, sour steamers, aromatherapy, different keywords, but if you combine them together, you get, like, a better, bigger search volume in order for you to get the data in. So depends on Maggie as well. Like, what do you want? Like, you want 1000 clicks or 100 clicks or 50 clicks, or depends on the sheer risk of the test what you're doing, the more data, the weather, obviously, but some tests might not need to have admitted clicks, for example. And fourth, an important thing that we found out as well was that we had big families, product families, so and then it was for us and for the customers. Was like difficult to understand. Like one design, second design, third design, and one asin family while I'm getting here, and rah, rah and so. And we did another test in the summer as well, if you conduct in a similar position, like just, we just shut down from six ASINs and only Kat two. And what happened in this family was actually reading lose sales. We increased sales. So less is more meaning. Like you think, like, Okay, going to close more than half of racings in a family, and I should be selling less than because I'm not giving as much as value, maybe, to the customers. But no customers want to have it in a simple way. So if they if your product is not like a one pack two, pack three, pack four pack, kind of a logic, but it's the difference. I don't know, weight, size, design, rah, rah. Like confusing, whatever your family is about, but less is more. Test it. Just close it. See what happens. Take the two best selling ones in your family, leave the only them and not everything else, but then again, be sure to understand, look at the percentages, not like the traffic. Maybe because if you have like PPC going on for a keyword, I mean, I close this says sub asin in the family, and you're not getting the PPC traffic in your sessions might drop, but that's okay. I mean, you can build up your sessions, but you want to see, like the conversions, you want to see the percentages that need to increase as the SOPs as well. Let me get this mix.

Unknown Speaker  18:54
Yeah, really quickly.

Speaker 1  18:57
It was big topic. And then there was, like, a type to should have, like another presentation regarding the flow, how we did this conversion increase as well, but I mean today. So thanks, Scott, I

Speaker 4  19:09
have a question, how do you take into account that new PPC campaigns don't perform the same data campaign that have been entered? Because in our case, for example, sometimes we want to change maybe from one model to, let's say, like a new model, or we change one feature. So we want to have two different schedules running for some time, and then once we are switching from one schedule to the second one for the same thing with the same image, will we see that PTC campaign, they don't perform the same even that they are the same. So then my fear on on this is that, like you are getting different values of CBR and CTR, but in our case, even for the same product, for the same image. Is we are getting different CDR and different CDR, you know, I'm saying

Speaker 1  20:06
so in terms of percentage, yeah, if you look at the share number of it, like I said, 1000 clicks or 100 clicks, but in terms of click the rate, that's a percentage number,

Speaker 4  20:17
I know, but like, it doesn't so a new PPC campaign, in our experience, doesn't perform even with the same meanings in the same thing that click through rates, yes. So it doesn't perform as good as a campaign that has been working for very long time. So I think that to prove all that, have you done the test with actually using the same image, you know, because that would be something that will show you, hey, I ran this test in the exact same thing, and what do I get? Do I get the same CDR and CBR? If you get very similar, then you know that, oh, this method really works. But my fear is that you are getting different data because it's a new PPC campaign versus a campaign that has been working for me

Speaker 3  21:03
is getting better as our business company, right? Yes. So,

Speaker 4  21:08
you know, at the beginning, Amazon will really optimize, but with time, the performance will

Speaker 1  21:14
be, yeah, but it depends, depends on as well, on the time. Like, do you want to get in 30 clicks or 50 clicks or 100 clicks? Like, how, what's the pool of your data set, or this kind of bank? What? How much you want to get paid? So the more you gather, yeah, the more accurate it gets. So, so in the beginning of, let's say you launch it, then you'll get in 1015, clicks, and your PPC Manager goes, like, after 10 clicks, and no sales, I need to, like close down this keyword, but you

Speaker 4  21:45
haven't done the test for the same main image. So main image to main image?

Speaker 1  21:49
Yes, of course, same keyword, same same main images. And on the first phase was the click through rate test, and the second phase was click through rate plus conversion rate test. So we looked at not only top of search, click through rate, we looked organic click through readings and we looked organic conversion rate. Had to have to increase the new designs in order for us to and in addition, we didn't do that with only one main best selling agents. We had the second and third best selling asin as well, and we saw increased results across the board on all these key metrics, PVC, click through rate or organic click through rate and organic conversion,

Speaker 5  22:37
these were not into this or not

Speaker 1  22:40
systematically, what why not jungle ace? Did you try jungle ace? We've tried it. Then you can pull your own SPP data report and do the exodus of just

Unknown Speaker  22:59
runs jungle AC, basically,

Speaker 1  23:03
is a big believer of the same methodology that we do, as well as on the testing. So he also supports the top third product testing. So actually offers that basically Anthony made a really good video in tennis podcast explaining this workflow. I think that's one of the best. The simplest, the follow up, click through, rate, conversion rate is very little breaking down. Yeah, it's really, really to understand. But he's breaking down so well, really well. So flow chart. He's explaining it through, and the flow chart is real logical. Okay, now if you're stuck here, you go back in the flow chart. You go here, mobile call coming up

Speaker 1  23:58
a few weeks as well. It's gonna be just on jungle as well. So, yeah, but I've never seen anybody breaking it down easily. Just one first question,

Speaker 3  24:13
just also to some issue that you pointed out now that you see that changing the design and selling the road one doesn't

Unknown Speaker  24:21
make any change for the customer, which is my experience, because we

Speaker 3  24:26
did our branding and keep the same thing. Now, why don't you test, make the test on the main AZ, so you can keep the same BBC campaign to see so maybe

Speaker 1  24:39
it's even more, actually, yeah, that's what we did, and now we are selling it. But then again, different tests are in different seasons, and our product is fairly seasonal. We would be selling, let's say, hand soap. So doesn't matter if it's Christmas, Mother's Day, Summer, or whatever, like, you need hand soap. So it's like, I think hand soap fairly flat. That year. But for us, our sales are really seasonal. So depending on when we did the test, you know, it's you can't really say like, Okay, we had up in September, we had this date and January, have that data. And these are not Apple stamples When it comes to but maybe with other, yeah. So when, like a year is COVID failure, same month, same purchase environment.

Speaker 2  25:33
So for how many main products, or let's say categories, we enjoyed this,

Speaker 1  25:36
our main, main category, main product. So we have like we're closing now down from in terms of variations of it. As I said earlier, we run this test with three main assets, three main asin families, still the same, more or less the same results. Yeah, exactly the same results. Only one outlier there was that in our one of, out of these three product families, we switched one design in one instance. So there was one was like this decorated tablet. You see, like the tablets are decorated and on. And one that we run the testers was a foil wrap. So different type of wrapping, and we saw that these photographs did not perform as good with the new design,

Unknown Speaker  26:28
but all of the rest

Speaker 1  26:32
it was design difference and product value offer difference.

Unknown Speaker  26:39
Have you seen an increase request from

Speaker 1  26:42
the request from the customer to customers. I know no. Nobody reported it like, no, no, because they got three times more products. Like, they're not complaining. No. So that's what I'm saying. Like, if you do the test over deliver so nobody's complaining and you're not, Amazon is not coming after Did

Speaker 6  27:02
I understand it right, that you said the Amazon experience, they are inaccurate, and this is why you do this. Or I

Speaker 1  27:07
said that this AB testing sites, different third party platforms that do AB testing, like softwares, like some kind of data, but sometimes, okay,

Unknown Speaker  27:25
within Amazon, you have experiments, don't you? Yes,

Speaker 1  27:29
take too long time. So I don't, I don't need them, because if I want to test, for example, only click through rate so I can do it way faster and and control the data set, and control the start, at the beginning, and so on. And then I, for a simpler test, maybe I want to get 50 clicks, yeah, to make the decision on click through rate percentage. For like, a larger decision, maybe I want to get 200 clicks right. So I, I am the one who is saying, when I start, how I gather, at least, how much I spend, how much I will with the budget, internally correct, and so on so. And when it comes to AB test on Amazon, the AB test feature, but it doesn't say you click through rate on your main image, increase this percentage. Okay. It just gives you a generic response to you.

Speaker 5  28:23
Have you had troubles using manager experiments on listing that has a lot of variations like we've tried to do a big test of the Manage and why let us do it? No,

Speaker 1  28:34
maybe you have many more more variations. No, three or four experiments. Anyway, experience, you mean, the Amazon? Yeah, it hasn't. It has been working for us. Experiments, yeah, we do that. Look at the data, right? You see data, and that's the main results we have been used and using them in the past more until we found out about this. The like, the method, the bank telling imagine is also suggesting we use them. Like, in the past, we have never had any issues. But it just like, it takes so much time. It takes so much time. We're like, we can't wait months and months and then. But what like? So what we did? Like, yeah, we did a lot of change, the whole package. Imagine that make it more simple. Let's say that we have just a simple bottle. They have one like the white white cap. And now you want to put the red card on. And you just like, do a double search, and with the red card, like, but bottle is the same, right? Just a simple test to add a tag on the main menu. And this, you just like, do this change, run PP and you can still use the same PPC campaign, existing campaign as well. And and just like, for one week from, let's say Monday to Sunday, run the test, double search with with the red cap, and you see, okay, and you can check compare previously I had the white cap. Now this week I had the red cap on, and did the conversion take? Rate change or not. This went lower or higher. If the red cap went higher, then you have a winner, right? People are more drawn clicking into the product main image. If I have a red cap, that's that's your answer. It's okay if I put the red cap from now on, or with my next order to my factory, I put the red cap on because customers want red cap. That's it, and that's it. And then you get that data in a week, or if you add a tag on the product, like, Hey, I know water from the French Alps, right? And you didn't have that tag on the product, and you just test the tag, and again, one week, test to see if the tag gets a better click to rate, and it gets and the tag is something that not, does not come with the product, but it's, it's okay to put it, yeah, long tests, and if you want to move faster and more ideas what you want to test and just get the daytime sooner you get sufficient, sufficient data on a bigger depends on what your like, volume, search volume, purchase volume is as well. But if you're doing like, 50 units a day sales, and I think it's a good enough volume to run this type of test, it's like three units a day, then I don't know it takes you, might take your months to actually get, like, good data. Yeah, if you sell three units a day, you're

Unknown Speaker  31:19
wasting money. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai