Speaker 1  00:05
All right, I'm talking through perfect pairing, so use virtual bundles to revive underperforming s and All right, so my name is Mason bandley. I've been a member since 2023 I'm a mom to two boys, three in one. So it's pretty busy around my house, but a lot of fun. Revenue looking to end this year, about 60 to 70 million on our 3p account. Our ecom team size is about three, but we're part of a larger organization, so kind of leads into the background. Started selling on Amazon in 2015 I just did some arbitrage stuff. My dad had started a business in 2013 on Amazon and was building that so in 2016 I joined their team started managing the 3p account. We were acquired in 2023 and then I have stayed on with that new company, and I managed the 3p business for them. They didn't have a 3p business before then, so, and, yeah, what makes me so cool? I don't know about cool, but I do love to skateboard, something I do with with my husband. He's into BMX, so we like to go skate park together. Lot less time with kids, but it's something fun that I like to do. All right, so gonna talk through how to increase sales on underperforming s. So why? Why virtual bundles? So I like to use authority and traffic advantage of the hero SKU, better visibility on the Detail page, and better, I think, than promotions on the Detail page, expand our branded search real estate, validate demand before we create physical bundles, and then hopefully drive trial and convert to SNS subscribers. So I'm going to walk through a little kind of example of some items that we use to in this case study. So some background on the items. These are two of our flea and tick items. On the left is next star. So that's our slower skew that we're trying to revitalize. That's a flea and tick prevention. It's a topical and it's relatively new compared to cap star. We when we launched it, we actually had to relaunch, get some new UPCS and kind of recover from some negative reviews. So updated the messaging, updated the Detail page, and relaunched so we have better reviews now, but still a slower skew that we wanted to boost. So then cap star on the right has the brand recognition. It's been around longer. It's a top seller in the category, and this is a treatment for flea and tick, and it's an oral instead of a topical. So these two made a good pair for a flea and tick prevent, treat and prevent bundle, all right, so, so when we create this virtual bundle we're going to create, we're going to pick the cap star item because of its traffic and authority as the hero item. So that bundle will live on that cap star page. So you can see it's got the top reviewed for effectiveness, badge, 4.4 stars, 38,000 reviews. So it's got it's got that brand recognition, it's got higher ratings, it's got traffic to the page and a healthy ad budget. So we know there's going to be eyes on that page. We're going to use that and then detail page visibility. So again, it's going to be on the cap star page. You'll see on the bundle. On the left, it's kind of where it's visible on the page right, right above the add to cart and below your size variation. And then on the right is desktop. You can see it's it's nicely visible with the image icon. I cut it a little short, but it shows the discount there and then. So that has stood out to us a little more than promotions, and also pushes the competitor ad down from that area next, and then expanded SERP real estate. So the more bundles that we've created is taking up more real estate on our branded search pushing those competitors out and down, and we're getting some good traffic just from this branded search terms as well. One of our brands, rock one Roxy, another example of where we're getting traffic from this page. So our top selling bundle on rock one Roxy isn't live on the hero detail page. So you can only have six bundles per product, and so that one's kind of as we created new ones, that one's kind of been pushed off, but it is visible at the top of search for our brand, because it sells well. And so it stayed our top seller because it's visible here next. And then what we hope to do with this offer is one increase sales to our next our item, but also drive trial and subscription. So we're creating a special trial pack pricing here to try to do that. So the cap star is the treatment. So if you have a current flea infestation, you would, you would use that right away, and then next star is the prevention. So you would use that throughout flea and tick season. So we've created a bundle with a one month supply. So it's kind of a trial, offer, use it. It works well, you love it. Come back and buy our larger size and hopefully subscribe. And then one thing you can do on that bundle detail page is make sure to call out that subscription offer and then so validate demand for physical bundles before you create those so virtual bundles give you opportunity to test different different offers, different products pricing, see what's working first, and then once you find out what works, you can create the physical bundle and save on the fulfillment cost. And here's some numbers from our capstar NexStar trial offer. This is a seasonal item, so I'm looking year over year for the same month, but our next our windows Kat, had a 42% lift on unit sales, and 31% of those sales were from the bundle. And the conversion on the bundle had 141% improvement over the baseline next star conversion. So that one worked really well for us, and it we can see that we using that trial offer price and the authority and traffic to the capstar item, it helped with those conversions there. These are just some other another example of how we're increasing sales on a slower selling SKU. So product launch could be another example of that to lever that leverage those hero skews. So it's like two products that make sense together. We're launching the Oxy carpet shampoo product that goes well here, but we can also use capitalize on that traffic, create a limited time discount, trying to increase those conversions and those early sales and drive awareness to our new product.

Unknown Speaker  07:47
And then numbers for this. So bundle conversion was 43%

Speaker 1  07:55
compared to a 20% conversion on the SKU itself, 150% improvement. Bundle lift. Bundle sales were only 3% of sales there. But when I looked at our sales month over month, so the first month with no bundle next month, we turned on the bundle of that lift, 54% were bundle sales. So we did see it moving some sales. It converts Well, once we get some traffic there, but it wasn't, you know, a big lift compared to overall sales. And then, yeah, this bundle continues to grow, one of our top selling bundles. So it's highly rated. We're keeping this one running one of our top bundles on that page. So sessions have increased since the launch. Conversion rate hasn't stayed as high since sessions have increased, but it's still staying up there and on par with the SKU and so with this, we're increasing our average order value and introducing a product that's more recurring than the standard order product, so we can keep those people in the brand until they need the product again. All right, so another last example of ways to create a virtual bundle, to use the hero SKU to lift sales for another product. So this one is a cross category example, a way to introduce new lines to customers by, again, capitalizing on the traffic of the hero's view, the authority of the brand they know and love it, and, yeah, just build awareness behind this product. Next. All right. Numbers on this one, only 8% bundle conversion, compared to 48% on our urinary SKU itself. So you can see the difference there. It's not looking good, less than 1% of bundle sales. So Yikes. Why do we put this in here? I. But next slide, I see it as an opportunity, kind of like we talked about before. It's more of awareness. Play top of funnel opportunity, using the authority and traffic to our hero item, get some more eyes on our newer product. Get in front of our customers. They see a product that they might not know. We play in this category. And you know, sessions are increasing. It's, we know it's not going to convert as but you know as well as if you're shopping for specifically for a urinary problem, but we're getting it in front of the customers who may need it eventually, and they'll think of us when they do, building awareness of our lines. And then, you know, there's always room for improvement. How, you know, how can we fix this offer, test another price? Or how do we kind of, you know, update that bundle page? Better, better explain why they do need it. So, you know, they might not have a UTI right now, but better educate say, Hey, this is just a health supplement for overall bladder health, and your cat will love it. It's tasty treat. So just kind of explain the use case, why they would need it, why they don't need a specific problem, and see if we can increase those conversions there.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Next, all right, kind of flew through this takeaways.

Speaker 1  11:26
So what I would do is pair slow SKU with a top seller. It obviously has to make sense, but we can tap into the existing traffic and authority, validate demand and test pricing before investing in creating those physical bundles. Offer a trial pack bundle or a special price to help with that conversion. And then try to offer, try to upsell into Subscribe and Save, and then just Yeah, different ways to use it. You can launch new products with virtual bundles to boost visibility and sales, introduce new customers, introduce customers to new lines, and then just make sure we're measuring success with clear metrics. Understand what we want from this bundle. Was it successful? Was it not? And then optimize from there, and then the value add here. So I did not create these gpts, but they are super helpful. So I don't know if you know Andrew Bell, but he has done a lot of research into Rufus science of Amazon algorithms. Studied the science papers, but he's created these gpts to really help optimize listings towards the roof. Is super helpful. Tons of gpts in here that we're currently using to optimize our current listings and and more on there. So that's the value add

Unknown Speaker  12:57
questions. Five minutes for questions,

Speaker 2  12:59
it looks like y'all are really focused on items that people can subscribe

Speaker 1  13:04
to. Yes, yeah, and, and if not trying to, you know, it's like our state and odor product. Some people have lots of problems. They need it a lot more. But you know, what can we also bring in to keep people on with recurring items to Yeah, because our yeah, we're just trying to keep Yeah, keep reoccurring revenue, make sure the lifetime value makes sense to keep spending on Amazon and and building our business there. So yeah.

Speaker 3  13:37
So we built a lot of bundles back in the day. It's been a little while since we tried to delete again. Is there a way for Amazon to upload a virtual bundle via or create it via flat file?

Speaker 1  13:49
I haven't seen that. Yeah, it's very manual. It's it's an editing is not the best you'd have to, like, you really can't edit. You can edit a few little things, but you have to just kind of delete and recreate if you want to change the products. And has there

Speaker 3  14:05
been an added functionality for automatically updating the bundle price when you change one of the components use price?

Speaker 1  14:14
Yeah, no, they have not. If you change prices a lot, it's, yeah, it's a little bit trickier, and the reporting is not the best that's the other thing is, you get an email from Amazon when you're selling. Instead of getting it like, in the all orders report, it's that's gonna show up as separate items, you're gonna get an email from Amazon. I think it's like every like bi weekly or something that show your bundle reports. We all, I kind of work around that by exporting all orders and then looking for, or ask Kat GPT to find the orders that are at that sale price, that bundle price, including that include the two items in it.

Unknown Speaker  14:57
But, yeah, it's not the best reporting. But. It works for now.

Speaker 4  15:02
So with reviews for it, I guess the first part of my question is, like, if someone leaves a review, is it for that bundle skew, or is it for each individual? Okay, it's on the bundle skew. And then another question is, can you only bundle two SKUs? Or can you do like, as many as you want, you

Speaker 1  15:20
can bundle more than two SKUs. You can't bundle two of the same item. So if I wanted two cleaners to that standard, or two jerky treats, I would have to add another item with it and then change the quantity to two these two separate items before you can change the quantity on one of the items that makes sense, yeah.

Speaker 2  15:45
But it the reviews are on. The reviews are on the bundle asin, but that's under, but that's under the parent of the main of the hero, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:01
So it has its own separate detail page, but even

Speaker 2  16:05
if you were to, like, deactivate it that bundle, if it's still part of that parent, wouldn't it, the reviews will still show up.

Speaker 1  16:12
No, unless I'm wrong. So when it shows up on the Detail page, there's just a section under there that shows, like, a link, basically a link to another detail page that's specifically that virtual bundle. And then when you go to that page, that's where you would check out, and the reviews are left there. So that's where we're trying to push people back, so like a trial offer, and then we hope they come back to that discounted item and stay on and recur. So we're kind of using it as like an offering to bring people back to our business.

Speaker 2  16:46
I was, I was selling a dog bowl as well, and kind of bundling that with my dark seat covers, because it's like the most popular item that people also purchase while purchasing my my product. And so to save them from going to a competitor's page to buy a different dog bowl, just buy mine. And I was trying not because I have a premium product, not to discount my main product, but whenever there's Prime Day and stuff, we'd run a we'd run a sell on the bundle, so that, basically, you get the bundle at the same price. We're basically just giving you, okay, yeah, added on, yeah. I like that. So that way, like, we never discount, like, our like, best selling products. That's a great way to do it. Think that they're going to be discounted sometimes.

Speaker 1  17:22
Yeah, I like that too. I like that idea because, and that's similar to what we did with like that one pack. It's, it was $10 off. It's not quite the the full price of that, you know, the one next door item, but almost, it's like almost a buy one, get one free. So, but that's a good idea, especially for a launch too, to just get those sales generator right away?

Speaker 2  17:43
Might be, you know, sometimes, whenever, like, in grocery stores, they're launching a new product. So you can get, like, a small trial, yeah, trial size. It'd be interesting if y'all did, like, oh, it's like, the same price as just buying the carpet cleaner. But now you get this other thing to try, yeah, I like that. And it's almost like the restaurant thing, like, if you can get someone in your restaurant just twice, then the likelihood of them coming back a third and fourth time is, like, much more likely. So you're just trying to get them back for that second time, and then they're a lifetime. But also in the pet category, I buy the same shampoo I've been buying for generations now, when you find, yeah, when you find what you like, like, you just kind of like, stick with that so it looks like you'll have a really good model with focusing on

Speaker 1  18:24
one, one thing that I forgot to add, that I would add is, you know, we've tested promotions as well, and they work for the most part. But one thing that we noticed is, when we were doing we tried to do like a, you know, buy to save X percent, to try and force them into buying that one item that we bundled together, they would just buy two of the original, like the hero SKU, and it would show as a sale under our promotion. But it really wasn't because it was just counting it as that, because they were both included in that. But you can't, like, exclude them from buying two of just one, if that makes sense. So creating the virtual bundle is what helped us, like, focus and make sure that they were buying the product we were trying to lift sales for

Speaker 3  19:05
so thank you, Mason, right. Thank you, awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai