Speaker 1  00:05
Okay, so presentation is kind of split between two topics, so we can maybe do a Q and A after this. And then the second part is what Eugene asked me to talk about, which is, from now, in the past year I've gotten from the manufacturer's perspective. So the way it arose was these chocolates are packed by a company down in South Florida. I got to know them better as we started working with them more. And they actually have a manufacturing facility too, where they do baked goods, primarily for food service. And so it's like human baked goods, but they wanted to start getting more into and they had a client that was interested in human grade pet treats. And so they brought me on to kind of help manage that and incubate a brand there. So the second part of the slide shows kind of like the new perspective that I've gotten from now, I used to be a brand that's always reaching out to manufacturers, but now I get to see it from the manufacturer side, and just some tips or do's and don'ts that I would suggest if you guys are sourcing products or working on a new product with someone. So yes, I did join last week. A fun fact is, I've lived in a lot of places in the US, but then I've also spent some time, like, what was it? It was like seven weeks in Israel teaching La Crosse. And as part of like, birthright, I studied abroad in Australia for a few months, and then I lived in Puerto Rico for two years after college, right up until covid. For dog folk, that's the brand that the manufacturer brought me on to help launch. We kind of created the whole brand. We didn't have a name or anything. We just had the products that we wanted to go to market with. We're projecting for the next year. So yeah, just over, like a million in revenue. And it's kind of split between right now, three quarters in D to C, and then a quarter coming B to B, which would be a mix of, like, retail and then other wholesale accounts that we'd work with. And then, yeah, I'm also the founder and owner of points chocolates, which you guys are now enjoying. And then I worked in E commerce, SaaS sales for like, three years. So when we were talking about, like, the post purchase, post purchase upsell apps and stuff like, I'd like to nerd out and like that E commerce app space, but I try to rein it in, because you can go app crazy, I think which is what's out there. And then, yeah, as I mentioned, the dog treat brand. It was incubated as I was brought on to the CO manufacturer. So this is dog folk. These are human grade dog treats. And it was kind of originated by the partner that brought me in his dog Teddy is just like a fluffy, great, happy dog, and they've always fed it food that them themselves, as humans would eat. And so, I mean, I'm sure, as we'll see at Super zoo, it's just a huge trend that's become more and more popular. And so he wanted to bring a market these human grade pet treats. I'll dive into it a little bit later when I talk about the manufacturing side. But originally, when I joined, we had a big, or like, a larger client, like, they're in over 1000 stores, come to us to develop the product for them. That was kind of like the validation to get started. I'll hit on that later, of like, from my point of view, as I came in later in the negotiations, like, why it fell apart, and maybe I'm not going to say the brand's name, just, I don't think that that's right, but like, just what maybe could have been done earlier to prevent it in the future, so that you guys can do that as you're developing products. Yeah, these are baked in our in house bakery. It's a 50,000 square foot facility in South Florida. The guys are ever down there. We love getting visitors. Smells great every day. I mean, besides the dog treats, they make like, I think it's over like 300 different SKUs, because they're selling food service. They do a lot of custom product, but it smells like great bread, Hala, different cookies, things like that all the time. And so one advantage that hopefully, with our own brand that we're looking to lean into this more is we can rapidly launch new skews as we get data back from the customers, things like post purchase surveys or even just from like walking the show this week, just seeing what's out there, we could quickly, kind of run a small batch of that know that it's going to not just work in a test kitchen or on a small batch size, but we can set a set aside time to run it through the actual production process so that we know, kind of like, what the costs and time to make it are going to look like. Oh, yeah, and then the last part, like, kind of like, Brandon, what you were. Talking about the importance of organic social media. Something with my chocolates I did earlier on, when I was more in retail, I would record, almost like that tripod that's up there. I would record myself sharing the product with a lot of people. And that was just like, the easiest way to farm content, kind of looking at, go hang fruit with dog folk, is we have this awesome bakery facility, and we can kind of, whether it's during our actual production runs, or we can stage things if we just need content, and maybe it's a smaller batch, but to the consumer on Tiktok, it looks like we've been producing this the whole day. So yeah, when it came to like developing the brand, we didn't have a huge budget, and I was kind of brought in to create the brand, mainly leading it myself, but obviously needed to get buy in and all the other business partners, and then somehow validate it a little bit in the market. So that's what I'm kind of going to be going through here, is how to use your community. So if you have a big customer base, that would be probably the most ideal community. But if you're pre launch, or if it's a new brand, you kind of kind of have to work with what you have. So I used link at LinkedIn for it. And so throughout this like series, I guess if you want to call it, where I was posting different updates about this brand development, we did, like naming contests to have people's suggestions or thoughts on what brand name we should do, and then, as we did packaging design updates, we asked for feedback. And that was, again, actually kind of tying back to what we were talking about, about organic content. I think when you have a CTA, that's not salesy, and it's just asking for engagement and for people's thoughts. It's kind of like this mini hack that I found on LinkedIn. And so now, anytime I'm doing a packaging update, even if, like, I'm pretty sure that what we have is what we're gonna launch with, I'll post it on LinkedIn to just see what people thoughts are and see what suggestions they may have. And then I think the cool part about LinkedIn is obviously, like, as someone comments who you're connected with, then it'll show up on everyone else's network that they're connected with. So it's kind of helped me make new connections in the space and then get in front of people where, like, maybe I meet them in person, and they said they saw us. The packaging as it was getting designed on LinkedIn. The cost, yeah, we it was fairly lean, like, I'll get into it later, but used 99 designs to launch a design contest for like, a grand found a great designer through there, and then I just work with her on any other project, because she's kind of gotten a good feel. She provides tons of edits. She's overseas, but I know we're paying her a good amount compared to what everyone makes in her country. And so it's just helped build a good rapport. You could do a different 99 designs contest for every single product or new packaging you're going to do. But in my case, I think this designer has a good feel for doing different styles if I show her examples. And so I just use her to create the different designs we're thinking about. And then, most recently, like, in the past year, chat GPT and like, using AI to just do renders of just a concept, or broad strokes of what kind of design you're looking for. And yeah, we wanted to rapidly roll this out, so, like, I was brought on to join the company at the end of April, and we wanted to get everything finalized because of lead lead times with packaging and then sourcing the ingredients. We wanted the brand name the website mock up and like, to start getting a few orders in by June, so try to rapidly finish in like a four to six week time frame. And so, yeah, as I mentioned before, this kind of just covers what I was talking about. So with points, you can see, like, very different brand that it started out, this was like four years ago with our low sugar line, but I launched it on 99 designs. I said, like, we wanted, kind of, we ran for more of, like our carnival, retro feel to the brand. Got a lot of variation of designs, and then I shared that on LinkedIn. I also did, actually, in that case, I brought those designs into stores that I was going to sell into, and I asked the buyers. Usually, they don't have a ton of time, but the people who are in the store making those decisions, I'd show them a few packaging designs and get their thoughts on it. And I think when you approach people that way, they're very willing to just give their open advice, like they know that you're not this huge brand with maybe, like, a bigger intent, like your intention is just pure feedback, and you're not trying to sell to them right away. On the right these are, like, this was all using just chat GPT. I do pay for it, so maybe you'd get different results if it's just free. But the two names that was kind of deciding between in the beginning was dog folk and. Woof mode.

Speaker 1  10:01
Woof mode, I think had more so this was after we kind of we did it. You could do it either way. You could first design, decide, like on the brand name or the product name, and then start doing the design based on that. We kind of knew what style we wanted, which was more minimalistic, nostalgic, bring back to like when maybe, like, people were eating more whole foods, there wasn't all this processed stuff out there. And then, based off of that, we started creating these packaging designs. What resulted was, we ended up choosing dog folk and then iterating off of that packaging design. We're kind of tabling woof mode for now, but as we talked about earlier today. Like, I think, for example, like, if you want to sell the product in Petco or target, maybe one of these brands is a better fit for another retailer. We can go to the next slide. And so then, when it came to testing the concept, as I mentioned earlier, like we involved LinkedIn the whole way through. And this helped, like, I had people like commenting on the posts. One of them got, like, over 80 comments. People were DMing me with their feedback, like sending like paragraphs of why they thought, what suggestions they gave and like their experience. And this person was in supplements in E commerce, and he said, like, if we want to create a subscription focus, he would kind of lean into like, testing more things, of like highlighting, like, what we ended up doing was giving a different daily occasion for the product, so and protein boost, midday, antioxidant energy and then PM, digestion aid, on Top of just the overall benefits that every SKU has, but that all came from just posting on LinkedIn. And then what we did next, which I think actually, these images are swapped. That's why it doesn't make as much sense. But for the landing page, I use rep well, so like, it's like 99 a month. I think they just raised their prices, but it connects into your Shopify. It's like a drag and drop builder. You can hire someone on, like, Upwork or what's I use contra is like the name of the website. And there's this guy drew he was recommended to me by Rep well, and it sounds like a lot of other people who build on repo use this guy basically, if you just send him any any website that you want to replicate, or, like, kind of Frankenstein it, of like, I want the buy docs of this page and about section of this and this from that, if you just kind of wire frame it out with screenshots for him, for like, 100 to 200 bucks, he'll have that page ready the next day, and you can test it right away. Rep low. I think you can do other things. Like, there's one called, like, maybe page fly. There's a few of these. That's how we got, like, that buy box on the left. And then before we had the product ready or anything, we just started running ads to the page to see, like, okay, the packaging design that we ultimately decided on in the direction, is it enough to get clicks? Is it enough to get a few purchases and like, I'll be honest, our Kat wasn't fantastic, but I've done this in the past where you don't get anything after spending a few 100 bucks, and so at least gave validation of like, okay, without like, doing any kind of deeper dive of like, we didn't even have, we were just running statics, we didn't do videos or anything like, at least, we'll know there's some purchase attend here we can go ahead and and get this produced. And then another way, like, I use this with my chocolates, but for new product development is using first party data. So there's a great new pop up tool on Shopify. They're called Alia. It might be good. You were saying you get like 5% email opt in. Did you say, though, I bet like, right away, by using them like one, they'll help you, like, for no extra cost, they'll help you custom create your pop up that they think will best work. Well, like you said, you're offering 10% off, I think they found like, and they get the data from all across their brands. Like, if it's 15% or less, if you say a mystery discount, you'll get a higher opt in. And so, like, all these tricks, but they'll help you optimize it. Then another thing cool that they do is it's a learning module, so someone can get 10% right away. And then there's a little button where it'll be like, do you want to earn 15% instead? And if people click on that, you can do a little story about your brand or the product, and it's just like a quick thing. It'll take them, like, 30 seconds, but then you can ask them a few questions, and this will help you get not post purchase data, but it's all from your site visitors who are coming. So you're going to get more answers. Maybe you get data from people who didn't ultimately buy but it helps you realize what a low hanging fruit is, of like this, next, next segment of customers you want to go after. So my case, like we got, we stopped running this because it it did you. So we got less opt ins, like a lower conversion off the pop up by adding this, these questions. But it was worth it in the short term to get that data. So we were running it for a little bit, and got, yeah, like, as you can see, over 10,000 answers. This is all tagged in Shopify and Klaviyo. So, like, then later, if I'm launching one of these flavors, I can email them specifically, give them a special promo, maybe give them pre order access, and just kind of help validate or build out, like the priority of my flavor roadmap, and eventually, we plan on doing the same thing with dog folk. So yeah, these are the results. So this is more focusing on dog folk here, but we got, like, a wide variety of people giving feedback. You can see on the right, I just sent him samples, like a few people were some of our first orders, and they're providing like video content and giving us permission to use that in, like organic content, paid whatever we want. This person was an ex police canine handler, and now he works in the CPG space. He said, anytime, like we want more content, I can give him a direction. He can kind of make his dog do any, any kind of trick for the treat. If we think that'll perform well, then I think the middle, I can't really say what brand partner it is yet, because we're still finalizing things. But through that process of developing the packaging and everything, we landed on something, I think that like is good, just from the overall like brand marketing side, we still have to obviously validate, like on the paid spend, if the branding works as well there. But this brand just based of like the vibes of the design and everything right away, a conversation with them. Went from doing a wholesale private label product for them, they asked to see our brand deck, and then once they saw the packaging design, they were then open to a co branded option. And I don't think any of that would have been possible if, like, I just went out and without getting any other feedback or thought, just made the kind of brand design or packaging that I thought would do well. You Ibo.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai