Speaker 1  00:05
So Fernando be Kat, I'm the founder, CEO of neater pets. Eugene asked me to just do a little Q and A on getting products into retail. So I put together a little PowerPoint to just spark some, some conversation that'll, you know, maybe generate some questions for you guys. So I don't know if you want to just head into the PowerPoint, just so I understand where you guys are coming from. How many of you are doing consumables versus hard goods? Consumable, so Brandon, you're the only hard goods. Okay? And have any of you exhibited at Super zoo before, or are now any of you attended super zoom, yeah, you've attended. Okay, alrighty. So I found the company back in 2009 around an invention that I come up with kind of after selling a restaurant business and planned on going back into commercial real estate, but 2007 and eight was not a good time for commercial real estate, so decided to take a flyer on launching a company around a consumable product that I'd never done before my life. And the whole goal at that time was to try to get stuff into Pet Smart and Petco and places like that, because Amazon basically didn't exist in any where near the form that it is today. We actually started selling on Amazon through 1p if you can believe it, they would send people to these trade shows and try to get you to sell on the platform. Like for the first four or five years that we sold on Amazon, they would come visit us at the trade show every year trying to get us to add more products. So we found out pretty quickly that 1b wasn't the way to go, especially as 3p got bigger and bigger. So we only put about a dozen ASINs on 1p and then everything from 2015 forward was on 3p and we're up to like 300 something ASINs now about to be four or 500 our niche is pet, hard goods. It's mostly problem, solution, products that we invent. So we have over 50 patents issued, you know, and that includes international patents, design patents, utility patents, everything. We're a figure Amazon seller, got 12 employees in outside of Philly, we are probably unique in having mostly US based employees. And when I say unique in terms of MDS, we we really don't use any offshore employees, something that I want to change, unless AI can do it differently, which is really our focus right now. We do have one kind of Virtual Employee in India that helps with our accounting. Caveat down at the bottom is and why I asked the question, hard goods is definitely different than consumables in retail, some of the stuff that I'll talk about is applicable to both. And then some is different. I think margins are different. There's a few things that are different, but my experience is all with our goods. So as I said, when we launched a company, the whole goal was to get into retail. That's where you had to make your money. We started doing what was the normal path at the time, selling through distributors. We ended up with nationwide distribution, with about, I don't know, 15 or 20 different distributors across the country, selling into mom and pop at retail stores. As soon as we got into Petco and Pet Smart, we kind of let that part of the business go. It is very hard to do. It is not very profitable, especially on the hard good side, they are very demanding. They have kind of a two step margin where the margins got to work for the distributor and the retailer. That's very tough, especially the majority of our stuff is made in America. So anyway, once we got into Petco and bet smart kind of dropped the distributor network, but it's not a bad place to start. It's in fact, when I owned the restaurant business, we'd open a new location. We'd do soft openings, like you don't want to just have a crowd there, right? So going through distributors and selling into Mom and Pop retail is not a bad way to do a soft opening. You can learn about your packaging. You can learn about a lot of things. So if you're not in retail, that's not a bad way to get started. And sometimes it's the only way to get started, because they do want to see proof of success in retail. So we're in all the pet specialty retail. Dollars of, you know, any size, and then we're also in a bunch of non pet, especially retailers, which is next slide.

Speaker 2  05:09
Can I pick up? Easier to from a profitability perspective, with the smaller retailers and with, like, the big bucks,

Speaker 1  05:16
not if you're going through distributors, because what the distributor is going to do is, by when they they load their markup on it, the small guy is not going to be able to sell at your MSRP, and then if they jack the MSRP up to get their margin, now it's like, you know, hey, this is a $50 item, and they're trying to sell it for 60 or 70 so the big if you can get into the big retailers, that's the way to go. It's getting tougher and tougher and tougher, though, and I'll talk about that in a little bit. So we're also in a bunch of non pet specialty retailers. We're in every Tractor Supply, all the Bass Pro Shops about pet. Lowe's has about 500 stores that have a pet section now we're in there. And then a very different set of retailers, and one that might be easier to get into initially is the TJ world. So Home Goods Marshalls, TJ Maxx, very different process, though. It is a one and done sale, like they take a bunch of inventory, they sell it, and that relationship is over you get into all those other retailers that are up there. It's you get on their shelf and you're in their planogram, and you get orders every week or every month, or whatever their cadence is, TJs, Home Goods Marshalls, TJ Maxx, it's, Hey, give me 2000 of these. We kind of send them an inventory list once a month. And sometimes they take it, sometimes they don't, but it is you're only it's not they're not a great way to, like, make a living, because they might not order for six months, right? So go Next slide. Totally unpredictable. And then the other thing that might shock you guys, it certainly shocked me, is the sales aren't huge. Like, especially in hard goods, there are a lot of items where a quarter of a unit per store per week is good. Sale through, sell through. Like, think about a quarter of a unit, one, one a month. So I put this slide up there showing Amazon covering the whole slide, because Amazon's bigger than all those retailers for us, like the value of Amazon, Amazon, when Amazon 3p took off for us, it was such a game changer. Because before, if I was going to invent a new product, we just created a new line of cat scoops and dog pooper scoopers that are very different than anything that's on the market. We invested $600,000 in tooling and patents and design process in 2010 1112, 13, I had to really believe I was going to get that product into Pet Smart, or Petco, or I was never investing that money. Amazon allows us to know that it's not, and that's why I hate one p2 like, I'd have to sit there and wait on a purchase order on 3p you just send in the inventory, right? So I see a lot of stuff in MDS, people talking about, you know, I got to get out of Amazon. I got to get into retail. It's not even close. It's great additional revenue. But getting out of Amazon, at least in the world that I think we all live in, is kind of like a fool's errand. It's the place to be. So go to the next slide I said, we've been coming to super zoo since 2009 earlier. This might be our last year exhibiting. The trends in retail are really unfavorable for small brands and for a lot of brands. We also exhibit at from time to time at the house where show in Chicago. It was dismal last year. It was so bad last year that they are now marketing through emails like 40% off this year's exhibitor fees. That's never happened before, because it was just terrible. Like the attendance was terrible. The E commerce. You've heard about e commerce killing brick and mortar retail, right? So they're all really struggling, and that's made them do a lot of things. One is they're really chasing margins. Well, the place for higher margins for them is private label. We have the only branded pet feeder on the shelf in PetSmart and Petco and the buyers constantly getting harassed from their superiors when they do line reviews. Why is why isn't this all private label? And it's just that our we've got a patent, and we our product sells better than everything else, so they got to keep us on the shelf. But they don't want small brands like us. They want private label, or they want a big brand that's been. And spending millions and millions on advertising. And it also stinks that Bed Bath and Beyond. There were times where Bed Bath and Beyond. There were years they were our best retail customer, better than Tractor Supply, better than Pet Smart, better than Petco. They're gone. Right? Like that was a huge hit to the pet business. Shop CO is a regional company out of Wisconsin. They're gone. There's a whole bunch of them that are gone. So like, the opportunities in retail are shrinking because they're because those retailers are really getting pressed for margin profit. They're demanding more in allowances. They aren't like, sending buyers to the trade shows. So like we downsized our booth this year at Super Zoo, and we're not even sure if we're coming next year, because the buyers, if you're if, if you're going to do business with or if you're in our situation, we're already doing business with them. They're not really here to see you there. You won't see them in a line review. It's not there. And they are not sending the buyers anymore. They're sending people at a much higher level, those people don't come see us. So it's like, why should we be here? And then the other thing is, since covid, we used to do line reviews in person all the time. We used to get invited to the Tractor Supply annual vendor meeting. They don't even return emails anymore, much less have in person meetings. So it is just very hard to do business with these retailers, there's it's been a monumental shift since we first started, which is unfortunate, but it doesn't mean that you can't get in. So the next slide shows you some brands that have done it recently. If you guys are familiar with uproot, you know, a lot of stuff, just go click on it once, and you'll be getting sort of Tiktok and Facebook ads nonstop, and they'll chase you across Google search and all that stuff. So uproot just took a product that had been on Amazon forever, they put a turquoise colored handle on it, and they advertised the hell out of it. And I just saw a press release that they got into WalMart, which is huge, that wolf product. I don't know if you guys have seen that, they launched a global Pet Expo. I think last year. They're very well funded, and they have spent a fortune on advertising, and they've gotten into PetSmart, and I think Petco, and you guys probably know data native pet, who's Dan's a MDS or and they, I think, have done a ton of advertising and marketing. And he said, one of the things that that smart, or Petco, whoever they got into, if it's not both, really love their packaging. So, you know, there you still can get into retail. It's just a slog, and it's harder than it than it used to be. You know, everybody talks about omni channel, and there's clear, huge benefits to being in not just Amazon or DTC, but in retail, obviously diverse. Diversification is huge. Your growth opportunities are bigger. Your marketing and advertising is very efficient. I'm convinced that, you know, when people see our product on a shelf in Pet Smart or Petco, if they don't buy it later on, they see it on Amazon, it's like, oh, yeah, I was thinking about getting that or vice versa. You know, they they see on Amazon, and they were thinking about pulling the trigger, and now it's right there in front, in front of them. So there's a ton of benefits to being in both places. In retail, believe it or not, the margins are better. It didn't used to be that way when you didn't have to spend. For us, it's 20% of our sales on Amazon advertising. You know, when you add up the FBA fees and the Amazon ads and all that stuff, retail margins are now better than Amazon margins. It used to be the other way around. Retail with these big box stores is easier to manage than Amazon. It becomes a little bit if you have a team for managing the logistics and stuff like I spend very little time on a betsmart or Petco account, except for getting ready for an annual line review, because just orders come in, you fulfill the order, and there's not all these headaches with listings blowing up and account health issues and all that crap.

Speaker 1  14:18
There's definitely perceived and or real credibility out of being in retail. I mean, anybody can set up a an Amazon account and start selling on Amazon. It's not easy to sell and do these big retailers. And you obviously have to have your act together if you're there and you're doing it, and that clearly improves company valuation, like, if you're eventually going to sell your company. If you've got presence there, you're going to get a better value, Amazon, much bigger sales volume, like I said before. I mean, I'm sure you guys all look at Helium 10 and keep in all this stuff and see what kind of volume like the people that are doing pretty basic products. Because if you're number one, number two, number 10, on Amazon, you'll never do that volume outside of maybe Walmart. Like the volume on Amazon is insane. It really is, relative to retail. And on Amazon, you have way more control over your own destiny, like we just got one of our big retailers out of the blue. We've been in there for about 10 years. So like, hey, and we don't know if they're bluffing or not. We did our line review. We're thinking about taking you guys out, but if you give us $50,000 we'll keep you well, are they full of shit or not? Like, I know we're still probably their best seller, but I don't know, and it's profitable. So I was like, how about 30? Over two years like that. I just, I just, I should offer 20, right? And so you have way more control. So it is a thing of buying shelf space for somebody that you're taking over their product. And it's not really buying it. It's like, Hey, you're coming into this shelf space. Even though we are going to mark this down and clearance it, we're going to end up stuck with a bunch of inventory. It's going to cost us X if you're if we're putting you in, you got to fund that that. We've done that multiple times. We have never been asked to just keep the shelf space. We've already got write a check for 50

Speaker 3  16:23
grand. You're taking another brand shelf space, and they want you to help.

Speaker 1  16:27
Yeah, so we've done that. That's very common practice. We have never just said, Hey, you know, here's a gun to your head. We might be bluffing, and we pull the trigger and nothing happens or and I kind of felt like they were bluffing, because I just know that we sell like they're not going to find that kind of productivity out of another product. But I couldn't risk losing those sales so, but you just have more control over your own destiny. On Amazon, you can, you know, advertise more or less. You can launch new products at will. There's, there's a lot of things that you can be have a relationship, like I'm talking about for 10 years, and the buyer won't even return your emails. So like you create a new product, you don't even know if they see it if you send them an email. So what are they what are the retailers looking for? Innovation is what they always talk about, and it's obvious, like, if you're selling something that they can go source themselves, then they're, that's what they're going to do. And they all have teams in China on the ground, like they're, if you're just selling something that is a commodity item, they're going to they're going to buy it directly. Obviously, they're looking for advertising and marketing to help push consumers into their store brand awareness. I do know of people that have had the retailers come to them because they're seeing their own websites being searched for whatever native bet. It's like people are looking up on pets more than a bet, and they sometimes so it's obviously a lot easier to get pulled in then pushed in. They want high margins, 60 to 70% for hard goods, it's less for consumables, retail proof is important to them. It's very different to get something to sell on Amazon versus off a store shelf, and has very much do with packaging. You don't have to worry about packaging so much on Amazon in terms of getting the sale, it's everything on retail. In fact, our flagship product line took eight versions of packaging to finally get it right, including hiring packaging firms that just didn't get it right. We ultimately figured it out ourselves, and it's been the same packaging now for 567, years. But we got very fortunate. We didn't get thrown out on our faces for a couple years because our packaging and it's not just that. You got to tell the message. Your packages got to last through the whole supply chain distribution without getting beat up, right? You got to look good when you finally make it under the store shelf. Get the next slide, please. So tips. Just talked about it. Your packaging is your listing. If you don't get this right, both in terms of messaging, durability, not going to get succeed. You really need to understand your pricing structure way before you have any meetings with retail buyers, because your pricing has to work. It's one of the trickiest things we do. You got to make sure it works on Amazon and in retail. And the reality is, you could sell stuff a lot cheaper in retail than you can on Amazon, because you don't get loaded with all those other costs. But if you go out at your price, that makes sense on retail, and you sell that same item, and it can be a different UPC, Amazon will figure it out. If it's basically the same item, you're going to lose the buy box. So you need to work through your pricing structure well before you're sitting down with your buyers, because if you come out with a price to them, that kills your Amazon business. You. On that product. It's not worth it. You got to understand allowances and deductions that they're going to take from their invoices. They're all different. The DJs don't take anything they pay for shipping. They don't charge you anything extra. It's just a clean sale. That's smart. We got like, a 12% freight allowance and then a 2% refund allowance and then a 3% Co Op allowance, which is marketing like, so that the retailers can take, you know, double digit percentages off of your invoices, depending on who the retailer is. So if they, if you're presenting to them and just giving pricing without knowing what that is, you might get stuck with that price, and realize all of a sudden, hey, I'm getting 15% less than what I thought it was. So find that out well in advance. I talked about this already, you should be with a lot of them expected to mark to fund markdown costs of the remaining inventory. We've had times where we got seven or eight products in the Tractor Supply and they wanted hundreds of 1000s of dollars. We it's always a negotiation, though, that's one thing that's very different than Amazon. Amazon, it's, you know, hard and fast. You do what they say, or you're done right with these guys. There's, there is always a negotiation. So we've always gone back, like I just said on the recent request for the 50k and for all of the markdown costs. And you also try to cap your exposure, because they'll, they'll say, Look, we think it's going to be x because we're going to mark it down starting this month, and we're going to, you know, give this percentage off. And so it should only be like, whatever, $7,000 but you never know. And if they say that, then we'll be like, Okay, well, let's make sure it's not more than 5000 pages. I'll give you five, but that's it. And then the other thing is, the was one

Unknown Speaker  21:59
that I had something up there about maybe it's later.

Speaker 1  22:06
So the last one there is, if you don't have utility patents and you have something innovative, there's a very real risk that you go into these line review meetings, and then they say, thank you very much. You never hear from them. And then you see your product on their store shelves. Like we got called into a we got invited to a line review meeting for our cat litter scoop by Pet Smart. And as we were preparing for the meeting and checking out petsmart.com they had a Chinese knockoff of our product that was very carefully designed around our patent. And so it appears like their only reason for doing the line review meeting, and this is a Kat or a customer that we've been doing business with since 2013 or something. But they're all separate buyer groups, like nobody you know, the cat buyer for litter accessories is totally different than the dog wool buyer. So there's no real relationship in terms of caring about you. They just wanted to know what our plans were for, no for improving and developing new stuff and what were kind of like our secrets for why our product was good. They were not violating our patent. But the irony was, they, by designing around our patent, they had a much inferior product, and they just added it. It was like, and they added it because it was private label, right? They were buying it from the China factory, and it was under a pet sport. So we will never present products to them before. We are, like, even if we have patents before we're fully ready to go into production and have inventory for sale. Oh, maybe there's another slide on tips. I think that's yeah. So they are definitely going to want to know your channel distribution strategy. The pet specialty retailers hate Target and Walmart, I walked into meetings where I hadn't even sat down, and they basically said, if you're going to sell to Walmart, then you can leave. So be prepared to answer that question. If you're going to do it, you're going to do it. But they, they don't always ask, but be prepared to to discuss that. Be prepared to address the private label question. So they you know, even if you have patents and stuff, they might say, Can we put your product under our brand? We usually deflect that and say, Yeah, we could talk about that, but we spend million dollars a year on on digital advertising. Do you really want to lose that brand recognition to slap. You know, your private label brand that never gets advertised. So we've never done that on any of our main product lines. We are doing with some other stuff, if they are interested. So very often, if not always, they're going to ask you for an exclusive, which is kind of funny, because, like, you just can't make a living off of all of them, much less one of them. So we've never done an exclusive. We're just like, yeah, sorry, it's an extremely slow process. Pet Smart and Petco do annual line reviews, track supply by annual every two years. So if you've got something like right now, you might not getting, might not get a line review meeting for six months, and then it doesn't go on the shelf for another year, and it can be even worse than that. So like getting sales can be at 18 to try to discourage us from going into retail. All I'm telling you is the reality of it like that. No, I wouldn't discourage you. I would just say, you need to, you need to know the ropes. And it's just when I see some comments like, I want to get out of Amazon and I want to go into retail. It's like, that's, that's great, but do you realize that all this stuff is out in front of you and and that, like, that line review process, that's just a reality, like, there's, you know, you just got to live with it. There's nothing you can do to change that. So what's next on there? So, yeah, don't quit your day job. Amazon is, is by far the biggest sales volume that you can find anywhere. I mean, we sell on chewy, we sell to all those retailers. We don't sell to Walmart, partly because we think that, but we are doing some presentations to Walmart. Our fear with Walmart is that you get in there for a year or two and then a Pet Smart or a pet code drops you, and then Walmart drops you a year or two later. So we've kind of made the decision that we'd rather be in all those other retailers than Walmart, and that's on a product by product basis. You can have stuff in Walmart, but if that same exact thing is in so a lot of people do their channel distribution strategy is they'll do a different brand for like the Walmart or the Food, Drug and mass like, because they also don't want to see you in grocery stores and Walgreens and Walgreens and CVS. So, yeah, no. The the encouraging part of retail is, if you can get there, it's a lot easier than Amazon, and you make more money doing it, but you just you got to understand the obstacles that are that are in front of you to get there. So there's a bunch of resources in here. I you know, if you're so Brandon, you're talking about meeting like reps, I think that's a great way to get started is find manufacturers reps, and you know, you'll have to convince them to take you on as client, but I don't know if they're in so range. Me, you pay for that subscription, but a lot of retailers are now using that, and it tells you of upcoming line reviews, or right now, like, Walmart's looking for made in America stuff like, that's all on range. Me to do

Unknown Speaker  28:21
you do the paid version for it? We do, yeah.

Speaker 1  28:25
Range me works very closely with ecrm, which is also on these. This research slide we've done that in the past hasn't been super successful for us, but it's not a bad way to try to get in front of some folks. And certainly will polish your pitch. So ACRM is kind of like speed dating. They do it both virtually and in person. They'll run out like a hotel, and you'll set up a table like this with your products, and you'll have like 20 or 10 Minute buyer sessions, and you'll meet 30 or 40 buyers. So that's ecrm, the Acosta. I don't know if they're on there, Brian, if you go to the next slide, yeah, so they're not. Cust is not a cost is one of the biggest sales reps groups. We use them for Pet Smart and Petco. So and we one of the reasons we use we don't use sales reps for everybody, but one of the reasons we use them for Pet Smart and Petco is their buyers change so frequently that you just can't keep track of it, and you can't have relationships. So with the, you know, the rep groups, they're based in Phoenix, or they're based in San Diego, and so they can maintain those relationships. I.

Speaker 1  30:01
Yeah, so those and then the regional and national distributors are a way to get into the mom and pop stores. That is not a bad way to get started. It's how we started.

Unknown Speaker  30:20
Awesome, enlightening, I don't spire everybody. You put it as part of your journey, and I

Speaker 1  30:29
don't want to be discouraging, but like, if you're if you think you're climbing, like, your local hill, and it's actually Mount Everest, don't you want to know that? Like, for sure,

Speaker 3  30:42
and I guess you've heard like the caveat in beginning, you specialize in hard goods, so it might be a different story in consumables, where,

Speaker 1  30:51
my sense is it's even harder, because that's where you have the huge brands that are spending, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars on TV advertising, right? Yeah, like we were fighting for like little singles and doubles the consumables are fighting for, like the home runs and the grand slams, right?

Speaker 4  31:12
So what I would think that the stronger your differentiator is, and how valuable that differentiator is to the consumer. Probably is, like, on hard goods, like, helps a lot. Yeah, it's, it's to be different. You have to,

Speaker 1  31:31
like, that's the first thing that I said. What they're looking for is innovation. Yeah, you better be different. The one thing that I will say that I didn't mention up there is, it's tough, and we've done it with a few things, but it's really hard to get in with just one or two SKUs. Like, they don't want to go through the whole setup process and bring you on as a vendor and all that stuff or like an item. So like, we have a crack the toy market and everything that we keep hearing about, if you're trying to get into the retail sets and toys, you better have, like, I don't know, eight to 14 skews, so that there's, there's enough there for them to, like, if you're this one little brand, and you go into a toy set, that's that whole wall, and, you know, they're The Kong is like five feet of it, and then the other big brands are, you just got to be able to stand out. So I don't know, like Brandon, your dog seat cover, I guess do you have multiple different sizes and stuff for different cars. I have

Speaker 4  32:37
five SKUs for dog seat covers. They only come in one color. I have a three more on the way, right now, releasing more next year. So I have an extra large that's for, like, full size crew cab trucks. And then I have a design and extender that there's two sizes of medium and large, so depending on if you have a car, mid size SUV, and then the largest for, like, full size trucks, full size SUV, then I have another soft seat cover that's like that, that also comes in medium and large.

Speaker 1  33:04
So you should check out if you're if you're interested in, like the pet goes and pet smarts. I think cargo is still in both of them, and they've given cargo a like, an end cap or a free standing display that's got a whole bunch of travel products, and car seat covers are one of them. So be a good thing for you to look at.

Speaker 4  33:25
Walmart. Target is not on my list. So my strategy is I want to be only in premium retailers, especially like bass coach, Cabela's, I think like maybe even like Academy, more outdoorsy places, Rei Rei would be great too. They have a small pet section, because I just don't, I think I'm just way too expensive for Walmart.

Speaker 1  33:49
We're kind of in the same boat. Yeah,

Speaker 4  33:53
and I want people when I when I see stuff in Cabela's the Bass Pro Shop, I think that it's good stuff. And so if you already know that it's in Cabela's and Bass Pro Shop. I think that's going to help my conversion rate on my website and Amazon, because they're going to associate it with a really good quality product. Costco would also be, like, another good partner for some bundle stuff that I have coming out of, like, more of whole systems coming out and stuff like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:17
So Bass Pro Shops, Cabela's, is, you know, a smaller retailer like their numbers aren't as big as pet to Martha Petco or Tractor Supply, certainly not Walmart. So the the size of the prize there is a lot smaller.

Speaker 4  34:30
I mean, my, my best selling product is my extra is my extra large floor cover for full size crew cab trucks, which is crazy if you look at the overall category on Amazon, I'm like, the only truck product that's in like the top 50, and I'm like, the most expensive product by a long shot. So if you were to just come into this category and be like, Oh, I'm gonna make a dog seat cover, and you look at what everybody else is selling, you're just gonna be selling a medium size but there's more full size crew cab trucks sold in America than you. The other vehicle. And if you're actually a person that needs a heavier duty one, like, because you have a big dog, or you're going out hunting with your dog, like, you're in mountains all the time with your dogs, then you probably, like, are using the truck instead of, like, your wife's turbo or something like that. So it's crazy. Like, just what I needed was, like, a niche in the market that is still, like, my best selling price, yeah, just like dominates.

Speaker 1  35:23
So what one thing that just made me think of is they, if you do get these meetings, they almost always are willing to put you on.com they're almost always willing to say, yeah, we'll just put you on.com and see how it does, and if it does well, we'll put you in the store their.com business. Businesses stink, like Petco and Pet Smart, I mean, like stuff that we sell 1000s of units a month, their.com might sell two All right, so number one, it's not going to give you much sales. Number two, it's never going to prove that your products good to go into retail. And then number three, the big one is it does block your buy box on Amazon. So we don't sell them anything for online. Only if they want it online, they'll block the buy box if you're if their price is lower, right and so that's where I go back to the pricing structure like you better know your numbers, and better figure out the margin and whatever the highest price is. That's where you got to land on both. Because, yeah,

Speaker 2  36:33
yeah, as a strategy for getting into retail, some retail, have you ever gone to their.com and sent consistent like, search, find, buys through?

Speaker 1  36:45
No, no, no. I mean, you could try it. It's, yeah, if you had a bot doing it like 1000s of times, maybe,

Speaker 2  36:58
you probably can't get in terms of shorter violation, doing that.

Speaker 1  37:02
Yeah, no, they're, they're, they're, they're, it's a whole different world with their.com there's no like, slaps on the wrist. And that's the other thing that's great about retail there, the reviews are never going to kill you. The returns are never going to kill you. There's no community of like, hey, everybody's like, aware of it. So that's another thing that's great. The way we got into Bass Pro Shops, by the way, was all these trade shows like super zoo and global Pet Expo, even house first show, have new product showcase, and so we always have something in there. And that's where Bass Pro came to us for a pet hair remover we launched, and ended up taking like, six or seven things

Speaker 4  37:42
do you have? How do I find I packaging? Is like, someone could be interested, but until I have packaging, then, you know, we really can't move forward. How, where you have any recommendations of where I can find a packaging designer? Like, where? How do I find someone

Speaker 1  38:03
that's really good for retail? So the sad news is we haven't found that they're very expensive, and we just haven't found them to be very good. So what we've done is designed our own, but just like you do on Amazon and you check out your competitor listings. Get into the stores and see how your competitors are doing it, and then do something similar, and then go and then take that to the people that are actually manufacturing the packaging. One of the biggest Packaging Companies in the country is PCA. We use them a lot, and you know, they'll for, at least for us, because we buy stuff from them, they'll do mock ups and prototypes and stuff. One of the things we do, though, like, I've got stuff that's new at this show that we don't have any retail packaging for, and when the mom and pops want to buy it, it's like, well, it's not ready for we're not there yet. The it's very expensive. The minimum orders on packaging are. It's like when you guys order printing, you know, if you get 1000 of something, or you get 10,000 of it, the price is almost the same, right? So the cost per unit gets, you get killed on packaging. If you're not ordering a ton, we don't start anything until we've got a commitment from one of those big guys, so we're marketing it. We're showing it at the shows. We're bringing it out there. And because of that long line review process you've got all the time in the world, right? It's not like they're going to order outside of TJ Maxx. They're not going to order it and say, I need it on the shelf next month. So get packaging designs to a mock up stage, prototype stage, and then you can show buyers they I wouldn't invest in it. It's like, it's not even just that. You got to buy 10,000 or 50,000 all of it has, like tooling and die costs too. So you might have to invest 567, $1,000 so we just don't do that until we know we got a retailer, because the Amazon. Way we sell it on Amazon is totally different than in retail.

Speaker 4  40:04
Yeah, my kind of, what I'm what I was thinking coming in is, if I can, I don't know if there's people here at Super zoo that are going to be packaging designers, but if I happen to get

Speaker 1  40:14
the problem is there, there might be one or two that are exhibiting, but most of them are walking to the show, like come into my booth trying to sell me the packaging. So how you're going to find them? There's probably one or

Unknown Speaker  40:29
two exhibits Walmart.

Speaker 1  40:34
So less and less chewy still sends a ton of buyers, the entourage.

Speaker 2  40:41
Is raising his spot. He'd say, Okay, well, there's 12 people from shooting. There's eight people from Walmart. So you walk up to them, Hey, they have their mission. But you can interrupt their

Speaker 3  40:51
mission about finding someone who used to be about cooking on LinkedIn, if there used to be a buyer and they no longer are, maybe just open and chatting with someone like lean into the Shark Tank smaller brand by taking on these big guys, and you just use some of their insight as you mock up the packaging. In my presentation, I mentioned luda and how I use LinkedIn. And maybe it's not people specific to pet but there were buyers from food and beverage. People do supplement marketing like all these people gave their different input and how it kind of helped get engaged on, like, Okay, what is the community like? Or you could also run, although it's different for I guess retail packaging is different than online. I was gonna say you could run a test with like, your meta ads is test three different packaging, same Landing Page Setup and everything that you do ads with a different packaging, like, grouped into it, so you can see which one gets the best.

Speaker 4  41:45
I mean, I even in my category, like, I'm like, much heavier, bigger packaging than everybody else, because, like, I just make, like, a thicker cover. So, like, my my extra large is like almost 11 pounds, where, like, my next competitor is like seven pounds. So there is going to be even, I think, a little bit of challenging, challenge of, maybe I've got to shrink wrap everything now. And like, there might be even some challenges of, just like, how much real estate we take up on the

Speaker 1  42:12
show. So that's a big deal. One of the things that we found is death on retail shelves is putting it in a box. So, like, if your differentiator is that it's way thicker when you feel it, you better make sure your packaging is open enough that they can touch it and feel it. And we did that. Our feeder has multiple components to it. Got it in the Petco when we go into the stores, and parts will be everywhere. So we're like, oh my god, we just got to put it in a box. We put it in a box that you couldn't see the product anymore, and sales went down like 70% I go, Oh my God, we got to get out of the box. I got to be able to see it again. But how do we protect it enough so the being able to, if that's your big advantage, you better make sure that it's got some type of, like belly band around it, but that the material can be seen and touched and felt. And they are like, you know, 70% thicker than the competition. Call it out, but make sure they can touch it and see it,

Speaker 4  43:12
feel it. And then I had another question, Kat Ibo, what is the process for becoming like a 1p with Amazon, don't

Speaker 1  43:24
that's the process. So Amazon turned us down for seven years in a row for price increases, even through covid, when every other retailer we had just rubber stamped it. They are so horrible. They when you get to a certain I don't know if this happens anymore, because now they've embraced three piece sellers, but when you the story was for a long time, when you get to be a certain size on 3p and you're also you're doing hybrid, you're also selling on 1p your 1p account manager will try to force you to become all 1b and it happened to us. They started blocking our ability to do any new listings. We basically were frozen for about six months, and they just said, Oh, it was a technical glitch on the back end, but they were stopping us from being able to launch new products. And they're like, yeah, these are all the reasons you should put your Amazon, you know, 3p business all on 1p It's, I talked to anybody in MDS about 1p and I don't think you'll find anybody that says it's a great idea. It can be a very good idea for a couple of years, because, I mean, they were selling our product for the same price that we sold it to them for for years, and we were doing gazillions of units, because chewy and them would compete against each other, and they would just not lose, you know. But eventually one bee catches up to you, and if you try to be a hybrid. I that's we, we got everything off of 1b

Speaker 5  45:05
when, when you say hybrid, they won't let you sell, like, same brand, hybrid,

Speaker 1  45:09
right? Are you talking? No, we were same brand. Some items, some skews on one piece. I want three.

Speaker 5  45:15
Oh, really, yeah, they, they won't let us do that at all. And we move, we transitioned a brand from 1p to 3p and it was one of our bigger brands, and they're trying to stop us from listing certain things, and they won't let our SAS account manager talk to us about that specific brand. They're trying to say it's the Amazon brand policy so that, yeah, 1p gets really mad if you try to pull business away from them. They don't 3p and 1p don't work well together. They don't like three piece sellers, and they try to make your life

Speaker 1  45:45
it's not all. You think of Amazon as this monolithic thing that one piece Seller Account Manager has, like a growth quota they need to meet. So they don't care if it's not good for Amazon or your brand, if it just helps their individual goals.

Speaker 6  46:00
So all these slides are going to be available. Yeah, everything is available for this group. And then the recording,

Speaker 3  46:12
you said, like there's the growth of privately that's happening right now. Have you entertained or discussed with your detail partners, of like, you leveraging your patents.

Speaker 1  46:23
But they would stop, yep, we so we've talked to them about doing private label, and we've talked to them about CO branding, where it's like, hey, you know it's neater pets, whatever that product name is. With the Petco brand, we always diplomatically steer away from that, and have never been forced to do that. It's obviously not good if you're trying to build a brand number one. But the other thing is, like, how many different SKUs Do you want to carry? Right? If you've got a private label SKU now, you got a whole set of inventory for that, and it's happened to us multiple times where they don't, they're just, they just don't play nice, they don't think about you as being a small business. So you might have inventory for the next eight months, and the container just came in and it's like, Hey, by the way, you're not in the next reset. You just got your last order. Got all this inventory, and if it's private label, you gotta repackage it. You gotta so we're and I'm, I don't want to sound too discouraging. I'm just giving you the reality of what you got to consider, because otherwise you get really hurt. So we're looking at doing private label. In fact, we've got something in front of Bass Pro right now that they really like, but we're like, you know what? What guarantee? Like, you got to give us at least eight months notice if you're going to discontinue this like, you've got to you're achieving your goal. Might be the worst thing that happens to you, right? Because if you don't know what the downside is it can be very expensive, so but because of the trends towards private label, we're totally open to it, and we're trying to do it with more generic types of products. So we're building our brand around our inventions, and then we're selling commodity items with our brand on it. But there's nothing outside of just making sure it's really good quality. There's nothing particularly different about it. Then, do

Unknown Speaker  48:25
you have people at there's a hardware show in Chicago?

Speaker 1  48:29
We've done it in the past. We've done it. Yeah, the hardware so hardware channel is different because they there's a lot of small like buyer groups that, you know, Co Op out to, like the mid states, and a lot of those folks. And then Ace. Ace is always at ecrm, but they're, they're not huge volume stores. Again, supplements might be different. Consumables might be different, volume wise, but certainly for hard goods. I mean, the place to be is Tractor Supply, Walmart target, PetSmart, Petco, all

Speaker 5  49:10
that stuff. Last question, so when you when you're going to these shows, who are you expecting to see? I feel like when we were at Super Sue, it felt like a lot more mom and pop shops than we're seeing, like, bigger retailers, like, I guess you said the new product showcase is how you got eyes on you.

Speaker 1  49:27
So years ago, it used to be that super zoo was, like, the place for mom and pop and independent retailers and global was the corporate that's merged to now, where I don't think there's that big of a distinction. And in fact, because so Petco and peck smarter Phoenix and San Diego. So, I mean, think about, think about how crazy this is. They're there. They've cut their buyers back by about 90% of who used to go the show seven, eight years ago, and like the Phoenix, the buyers coming from Phoenix, what we've heard is they're flying up and back. In one day. So, like, they get here, they got like, six hours to you guys. I'm assuming some of you gonna walk this show. I used to be able to walk the whole show while still working the booth with my team. I can't do that anymore because it's an enormous show to get a buyer to come in here for like six hours.

Unknown Speaker  50:16
Like, it's crazy, something in the merging brand.

Speaker 1  50:20
So they all go to the new product showcase. All of them do. So that's where and everybody plays a game with it, like you're not allowed to show something in the new product showcase that you've had out for more than a year. All these brands just go, Oh, it's a new color, or it's new packaging or whatever. And so everybody's got a ton of stuff in the new product showcase. But I mean, these trade shows aren't cheap, like we're. We downsized our booth this year, and we've done a whole bunch of things that, know, running out of time, but it's 30, $40,000 investment every trade show for a small for a small company, we've gone up to 20 by 20 booths, and this year we're down to it, think maybe 10 by 20. But we're just seeing much less return on investment, and we're probably just going to do global next year and not do super zoom for the first time in 15 years outside of covid, was during prosper. I know it stinks, I know it stinks. I'd rather go. I'd rather go to prosper, but it's what you got MDs, works, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai