Speaker 1  00:04
So for disclaimer, I'm not at 10 million, so I'm at 7 million, but this is how I plan to get to 10 mil, and some lessons I learned along the way.

Speaker 1  00:22
So I've been around at MBs since it started, so I've seen, I think, a lot of businesses come and go, and I feel like I've seen a lot of people build businesses faster and bigger than me. So some of the takeaways I have up here from, I guess that perspective that I wanted to share today paid off my mom's house a few years ago, dad's house soon, hopefully, probably this year, and then maybe I'll buy a 911 after right now I'm at 7 million. We've got 15 people on the team, and then I have you guys have ever used pixel body, LSD, one software exit. That was

Unknown Speaker  01:09
those bleep rotates. Yeah,

Speaker 2  01:15
that was awesome stuff, right? Is that what is

Unknown Speaker  01:20
no but that they have a version of the same

Unknown Speaker  01:25
photo by that tool

Speaker 1  01:29
you're thinking. But yeah, so I reached right now last year I did seven mil, and I hopefully this year I should. And then. So I guess it's four reflections, not five. But these are the ones that I wanted to go over that I feel like could be helpful, that maybe people talk about a little bit less the first one, the next slide. I guess my biggest mistake throughout the past couple of years is just quality issues to fix it. It's a little bit, I would say simple, but I didn't practice it in hindsight. But I just want to say out loud, because, like, I've lost a lot of money because I cheated out here. So essentially, you know, learning my competitor samples, getting my factory samples, seeing them physically side by side, or, you know, shipping it to my team member who has it and can see it side by side. I just skipped around it on that sometimes, and it just like led me to like quality issues or not positioning the product right, or just like learning how to improve your product. So just don't skip on that area. I feel like you would save a lot of money from not doing that. Next, more recently, the easy wins I have for just like, making more money on existing SKUs was just expanding to Canada, the UK, and now accounts for 25% of my revenue. And Canada is, like, super easy and just like, ship it there. The tax stuff is pretty easy to UK is a little bit more annoying, but I do plan on expanding to Germany. And then the way I do research is I just look at like a daily dive, or hero 10 on my competitors in the space, and I'm like, Okay, there's a market there, and I'll pull against them, hopefully, where I watch to get an idea. And then my profit margins in both Canada and UK are better, and I feel like it's easier to rank. And then PVC is also a lot easier too. So I would highly recommend that, if you have projects that are easy enough to expand in those areas, next Okay, and then this is about my like, favorite hired that I've had. So it took, I feel like it took me a while to feel like it sounds really obvious in hindsight, but I feel like I was always hiring people that were smart but didn't have experience, because I could pay them less, right? So recently, two years ago, I had the opportunity to hire a experienced logistics person, and like during the first week, he was like, Anthony, you're doing this wrong. I was like, wow, that is so refreshing. I was like, I've never heard anyone tell me that I was doing something wrong because I was had employees that were taught by me. So all they knew was like I was teaching them, I was coaching them to do and then so along with him telling me, like I was doing something wrong. He was easily able to justify, like, how he was going to produce more money. And then so it just like, starts out in hiring process, but he was just like, oh, I can audit, like, auto packaging s how it's packaged, and then make it from large standard size to small, standard size. And then that was like, I want to say at least, like a $50,000 rip in savings come up like right away when he did that. And he did that across multiple schemes. And then he also brought over his contact for his freight forwarder. And then he saved money there too.

Unknown Speaker  04:57
And I.

Speaker 1  05:00
And then I had an all time high end performance in for, like, in stock. So before that, you know, we might be in and out of stock for, like, maybe a week, or missed out on there, here and there. But because he was experienced, he knew like, hey, we need increase the buffer safety for this one. We need to account for, like, a long meeting time for just factory. It just was nice to have someone full time doing this, versus it was just me, and then the person that was there before was just someone else taught by me. So that was nice. And then he's also able to just, he's smart enough to just do that new initiative, such as, like, hey, just, you know, work the math on NLP, does it make sense? And like, just tell me. Was able to figure it out. And a guy like that for me, I found him in Pakistan, and he started at 1800 usd per month. So that's a idea how much it ranges. Before that, I wasn't really paying people. So he is, I guess, the most expensive hire. I only have virtual hires, and then now he's gonna pay off with a Bucha. Thanks. Okay, so with the executive assistant one, I always saw this over the years in MBS about people saying I didn't really believe it till, like, I got one. I also didn't, like, think I deserved an assistant. I was like, oh, I need to, like, hire, like, all this other team members and all this stuff. But at the end of the day, like, I guess I reframed it to where we are all, like, the A players on our team, we're the superstars on our team. So, like, we should be supporting the superstars as much as you can, right? So I was like, after I kind of reframed out to kind of help with that, but I was worried. So I knew I wanted an EA, but I also knew I wanted an in house recruiter, because I realized that watching some of the people in NBS grow their businesses, some of them like reposition their business to be more of a talent acquisition. After my experience with my logistics hire based person, I realized that if you can just keep experience hires that can clearly justify, like, how much they cost. And then I realized that's what like other people mes I felt like bigger businesses were doing, you know, they're like, PPC hired. They were like, okay, like, how are you gonna cut costs or increase spend or something, you kind of leave it that direction. So what I did was I hired a in house recruiter, but also made them my executive assistant. So they're kind of like 5050, both, yeah, yeah. And then so I think the big thing with the

Unknown Speaker  08:04
executive assistant like

Speaker 1  08:07
to use of the work, and that's what I thought I initially do, and then now, maybe, like, four months into it, since they started, they're just like, I don't think he has anything audio assigned projects, but essentially, like, he's been helping me with, like, where he's family facilities, right, and getting that and then regulation stuff done. He's like, been able to do, like, the deep research, and then, like, do audit emails and coordinate audit paperwork together to get that job done, right? So it's just like, during these side projects that we all have your services that we need to get, but there's no, like, direct person, maybe that falls under right? And so usually it falls under you as a business owner. But then after I got an assistant, and then now they're also doing personal stuff for me to, like, pay a weekend getaway with my blog, we have a bit of Big Ben. That's something I wanted to do for friends, and then I'm fine with my garage. I live. My bedroom is right at the garage, and it's really loud when my fiance leaves for work in the morning at like, 6am so again, it wakes me up. So I'm like asking him to, like, research and find a garage installing. So it's just like he's just saving time on but besides that, my favorite is that now I check my email. So that's been, like, a huge in terms of sometimes when I open my laptop and I see all these emails, it's like, all these emails. But now when I check my email, I'm like, there's like, two. So that's been, like, really nice, because my EA is able to, like, handle most of it, and he just directs my attention to what's the most important. Because I saw some spam in there, so I. Uh, there's that. So those are the four major takeaways. And then my bonus, I would encourage you guys, if you guys are interested in that, if no one's ever told

Unknown Speaker  10:18
you that, one for one, because

Speaker 3  10:22
Brad, forever. I had one I give away, at least you're not the guy that bought like two or pieces. Oh my gosh. How did you find your EA,

Speaker 1  10:46
my EA, while searching for an in house recruiter first. And my worry with the in house recruiter was like, what they recruit all these positions and then, like, I have nothing else to recruit for. So that's why I started with us, 5050, so I was looking for an in house recruiter, and then when I interviewed them, I also was like, hey, like, I'm because of that concern, I'm like, Hey, are you open to being needed to and then I just had to go through the process of that. For that one, I found them off of what you know, what doesn't start out work, and how much I'm playing. I 750

Speaker 4  11:29
in Pakistan, most of my hires have been have a lot of

Unknown Speaker  11:38
Latin America. On,

Speaker 1  11:43
we're pretty flexible. That might slow us down compared to smaller people, but I think the culture

Unknown Speaker  11:55
did it take you two hires to find the one or like, it's only been

Speaker 1  12:02
good ones. Only been good. So I would say that EA wise, they're not the best recruiter.

Speaker 3  12:12
Wiser. So they were a recruiter, they're your recruiter, yeah, and but you have to do EA as well, yes, because I was worried they weren't going to have enough to do. Yes. So what do you

Unknown Speaker  12:32
spend most of your time doing now

Speaker 1  12:34
I spend, I would say I spend most of my teams, coaching my team, so I try not to. I'm not, I think over the years, I'm not a little bit lasered, utilizing research understanding, like how building the systems and processes, and then I like to implement people to execute the systems and processes. So that's where I find who I am in my business. And then so I try to, like, hire position everyone to do what they're good at, and, like, do what they enjoy, including

Speaker 5  13:15
myself. So for the last because I remember the last time that you met, you were almost like, halfway through the point that you are, so what did, what did you do in the last half year or so, like, in terms of,

Speaker 1  13:30
yeah, it's just it mainly came down to, I feel like, so you go down these stairs, and it can go all the way to getting up to product launch without my blog. So if I can come up, I have taught my team like, how to justify ideas through product research, by using intellivier So before we weren't doing polling, the problem we and my team always had was like, how do we know if this project is going to be good enough? Like, we didn't have any like scientific benchmark, and because we started doing polling, like my team, was able to be more confident in their decisions of like, hey, we want this poll, because we did this and compared to our competitors, and then that just leads to, like, more SKUs. So launching more SKUs, and then, like, having that

Speaker 6  14:22
since I think that was

Speaker 5  14:30
maybe you say double in last couple of years.

Speaker 1  14:35
I would say I grow about 30% 30 years revenue wise. But revenue wise, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai