Speaker 1  00:05
Hey, something I've been thinking about a lot lately. Well, for about a year, I've been thinking about this cold start, because it's not as easy as it used to be, and I'm talking to a lot of members. I do I do interviews as well before people join MDs, and I'm hearing a lot of the same I'm hearing about a lot of the same problems, and I talk a lot of people off the ledge, because they're really close to giving up on Tiktok or just maybe not even starting at all. They've wasted a ton of money. And I hope what I can share with you guys today will a, encourage you to give tick tock a, try B, not waste a ton of money or a ton of time. So again, I'm Alex Bonilla, been a member since 2022 started in E commerce after reading the four hour work week in 2006 I'm on a mission to 10x my business in two years. And tick tock is probably going to be 100% of how that happens. And the 15 year season ticket holder for the Raiders. And that's my daughter right there. Okay, so these are Tiktok strategies. We're going to go over some Tiktok strategies that work. Not only do they work, but they work really well. I'm glad Damon gave his presentation today, because that could be an entire slide. That stuff works really well. And in Damon's case, you can probably start that right away, but I'm going to go over four strategies that people see other brands doing. They get super excited about and they want to do it for themselves, and then it doesn't work. They're three months in 30,000 $50,000 in 1000s of samples gone, and they still haven't made any money on Tiktok. So creators on retainer. We probably all heard of those. This is when you get, like, a high quality career that's been trained on how to make content, usually in a program like creators corner or creator circle. Social army is another one. It's really, it gets it's really tempting to just be like, give me 10 of these guys. Let them run with my product. This is how we're going to crush it. And that can get really expensive, and it can fail most of the time. It does fail, especially if you're a brand new product with zero sales. Works, but not during cold start, affiliate bots and mass sampling, like when these tools first came out, they worked really well a year and a half ago, when you can give out 100 samples, something's gonna go viral. There were less creators then less brands that you were competing with. All these creators or affiliates were actually opening their messages and reading your messages. That's not working anymore for brand new products again, let me stress this is if you have less than 100 sales on your product, that's your social proof how many sales you have. So if you're still zero to 100 this stuff will not work. It does work, and we'll get back to when you should implement it. But for now, I would stay away from mass sampling and even wasting your time on it, on a bot for now, right? But when you're ready, Hive, HQ, you got reacher. These are really, really good tools. Tiktok, live. Everyone's talking about Tiktok live. Lives are great. I have a team of 25 people that go live for Me three times a week, at least two hours a day. Love lives. But if you have zero sales, you haven't broke that 1000 sale mark yet, you'll be spinning your wheels, wasting a lot of money trying to get people to go live for you. There's a time and place for this, but in the cold start, it's not it, but when you're ready, join brand social army, Max AI, Discord communities. If you haven't seen a really good discord community, just go to goalie.com, forward slash discord, you can get right in. They don't check you'll join right away. Super easy to get excited about building an army of creators and training them all on Discord and crushing it, just like goalie is crushing it and neuro gum is crushing it. Super excited to do that, but no one wants to join your army if you have 07 your army if you have zero cells. So let's not waste time on that for right now, we still need to get started. So if you don't know already, the social proof on Tiktok, more than anything, is your. Units sold even more than reviews you have. The most important part is units sold. Everybody looks at this, not not just the customer, but most importantly, affiliates, affiliates that are going to want to get a sample of your product and actually put some effort into selling it for you. The other main social proof is actual videos, right? You want to be able to search for your product and see videos, right? So that's what affiliates are going to do when they see you. Eventually start to reach out to them. They're going to search your product and see if there's any videos who's done well, that way, they can copy them and generate some revenue for themselves as well. So those are the two important things. But you're probably thinking yourself like, how do we get sales? If we have no sales, we have a chicken and the egg situation here, that's a chicken. That's an egg head, if you guys don't know where that is,

Unknown Speaker  06:01
Apple cheese.

Speaker 1  06:03
All right, so I'm gonna give you guys the playbook on how to get from zero to 100 really easily on sales, and then hopefully snowball those first 100 sales into 500 sales, 1000 sales. And at the moment, this could be a flawed process. It could have a little kink in it here or there. There's a lot of people in this room that are way smarter than me, so hopefully we can hash this out. We have some time, but this is what is working for me. This is what's worked for other brands that I consulted with with this about so let's just, let's run through it. This is my playbook. First of all, you need to optimize your listing for Tiktok. And you can't just take your Amazon listing and just throw it on Tiktok. There's things you can do with your images. Do the long image, don't do the square it takes up way more space in the in the shopping cart, in the shopping page. Pricing when you first start, just be aggressive with pricing, just like we did in the Amazon days when we launch on Amazon, you kind of have a low price. Do the same thing on Tiktok shop, your marketing account. People sleep on this. You get five free marketing accounts when you set up Tiktok shop. The best part about these marketing accounts is right away they can start selling. So you can start tagging products right away. You don't need 5000 followers. I think too many people sleep on this. Ideally, this is where you go viral, because you're not going to pay any commissions. I would get this marketing account set up and try to get nine videos posted right away, just just so it looks like you're a brand that is doing something, those nine videos will take up a good amount of the first scroll. Turn on your refundable samples, right? We don't want to do too many samples. We don't really want to do samples at all at the moment, but at least turn on your refundable samples. Because if someone wants to buy your product, do a video and only get reimbursed if they get a sale, that's great. Like definitely make sure that option is turned on, because those purchases will count as a sale and help this number here. Okay, now join brands. This is, by far, at least for the moment, the best way to generate a quick 100 sales on your product, get a video, get a spark code, and then you own all this content so you can do whatever you want with it. It's in the agreement with join brands that you you can do whatever you want with this content, and you get just way better communication with these creators leading up to them than posting now, just like for a quick example, how important this 100% spark code rate is When you're doing affiliate outreach, even if you're using a really sophisticated bot like Yuko or reacher that can actually automate the spark code requests and scrape the spark codes for you, you'll be lucky to get 50% of the spark codes there. So joint brands is 100% that they are required to give you spark code. I uh, creator, live giveaways. This is a little hack that I kind of stumbled upon. But we do a lot of lives, and I have two brands. So when we were trying to cold start brand B with a live doing brand A, we found out that we can give brand B products as live giveaways to my creators and creators. If a creator has a giveaway to do in their live it's really good for their retention rate. So this is a really good strategy to implement in your lives if you're already doing lives. I. But those giveaways will count as a sale. So the way the giveaway works, right when you start the live and you say, Hey, we're doing a giveaway, we're going to talk about product B, but for right now, I have a free product A, enter the giveaway. The giveaway lasts like 15 minutes. So this is a pretty good engagement. This product is sitting there for 15 minutes. People are entering. People are entering. People entering Tick, tock generates the winner. That winner automatically gets shipped your product, and that counts as a sell. So you can, you can literally give away as much as you want. I love this because the actual real customers wanted your product. They wanted to win. And sometimes, if they don't win, they buy your product anyway. So if anyone wants to go this route, I have 25 creators that will be more than happy to give away your stuff. Okay, so now the step by step process for joining brands, I just want to run through it, because it's so easy, but it can get I have people follow with me with questions sometimes like, wait, what do I do here? What I do here? So really easily, just go to join brands, and the business type is going to be E commerce. The campaign objective is going to be social. Blast, all right? And then you're going to choose tick tock shop. Make sure you choose Tiktok shop, and then you're gonna do the 100 posts right here. I've gone through this, like, verbally with so many people, and then they're texting me like, oh, every post is 100 bucks, but you're in the wrong section. If you find a post that's 100 bucks, you want the 100 posts for $25 per post. Now this $25 to me, is just so it's such a good deal because you're getting a video. Well, most importantly, you're getting the purchase right. You're also getting a video. You're getting a spark code, and then you also get full rights the content. So for $2,500 plus your cost of goods and the 8% fee from Tiktok and shipping, you can have 100 sales on your product within three weeks, if you manage it well. Your content brief is going to be pretty important here. Definitely make sure you say certain things, like, creator must show their face. Must talk like to the camera, or at least do a voiceover. Make sure you say like, no AI voices must show the packaging. Don't just do like an unboxing video. These are the I've learned over time that these are things you kind of need to throw in there. Otherwise, though they'll kind of try to give you a pretty bad video. Okay? And then there's also some really important metrics that you want to know as a brand owner and that you want to be able to teach your creators. And this is comes from Parker SD. He has a mobile call about this, and it's all about the retention rate. This is a this is something I would throw out in your joint brands campaigns, or at least give your affiliates feedback on when they give you the content before you approve it is you need to so for videos to go viral, you need a retention rate of 70% at two seconds and 60% at six seconds. And any creator can go to any of their videos, go to the back end and just kind of scroll your finger across here and find out what that retention rate is, letting people know that ahead of time, first of all, they're gonna be so excited that you just pop into something new, and then they'll make the video. A little bit better, knowing that those first six seconds are that important. If you have no content at all, it could be a good idea to go ahead and use join brands, $100 campaigns, and get something a little bit more professionally done by someone who's really good, and then use those videos as inspiration for the social blast of 100 Okay, so now you're gonna get, you got 100 videos, you got 100 spark codes. You're gonna turn on GMV Max. GMV Max is like an auto campaign for ads, one product per campaign, you should all. You should be doing all of this, everything that I'm talking about right now, on just one product. By the way, don't, don't try doing this all at once on three products or four products, to just focus on one product for now, GMV Max set an aggressive ROI target. Just kind of think of it like how we used to, you used to give a ton of rebates, when rebate key and Viral Launch were a thing, you kind of have to have that same mentality, run your numbers, figure out what your target ROI can be, because we're trying to get to 1000 cells as soon as possible. Hire a video editor to mash up all of that content so you. Going to have 100 videos. Throw them all in to Google Drive, share that drive with a video editor and have him mash up those videos. They have to be done well enough to not get detected by Tiktok as duplicate content. So mash ups work really well. Speed it up, invert it add some music over it, all that good stuff. Post those on your marketing account. You can do three of those a day. I highly encourage you to make sure you don't have your Creator do 100 mashups and then just give them all to you. Have them do three a day. That way you can evaluate them, look at the retention rates, see if they're any good, and give your editor some feedback and let him know if he needs to make any changes. So after a few weeks, you're gonna have at least 100 sales on this product, 100 creator videos floating around, floating around out there, 99 new reposts on your own account, and GV Max ads starting to warm up.

Speaker 1  16:07
This is probably what most of your guys' sample request looks like. When you have zero sales and no one really knows what your product is, you get a bunch of affiliates asking for samples. They have no sales volume, and they don't even really post. But once you get to 100 200 300 400 sales, 100 videos, 199 videos floating around on tick tock, you'll start to get some good sample requests. So I was having a discussion yesterday, and people were asking, you know, who do you give samples to? Is it anyone doing more than 1000 I don't even do that. If you're not doing at least 25,000 GMB, you're not getting sample from me. But these will start to come in. I'm not even running a bot on this product. So after that, you're now you're ready to go. All right, you got the 1000 sales. You have 200 videos floating around up there. Your product has social proof. Now you're ready to go. Now you can fire up the bots. You can do the sample flow, Spark code flow. Yuka has a new program called the Jump Start, so you can start playing around with creators on retainer with that. What I love about that is you can do this on a smaller scale. You can just put one person on retainer for $1,000 a month. You're gonna get 30 posts, as opposed to some of these other programs where they want you to hire a minimum of 10 creators at $1,000 each, plus a management fee. Gets really expensive creator lives. Now you can jump into the live scene, Tiktok, organic, the stuff Damon was talking about, slide shows. Now you can start setting up private collabs and paying people a little bit higher commission and giving them a smaller retainer for eight posts a month, as opposed to 30 posts a month. All of this stuff you're ready for now that you finally have your 1000 cells, your social proof, things just start to get a lot easier. Once you have those first 1000 sales, once you're past this cold start, things just kind of start to snowball.

Unknown Speaker  18:17
Zero takeaways, all

Speaker 1  18:21
right, that's it, guys, we got some time for questions. I hope that kind of shed some light on how I think you should approach this and save you a ton of money.

Speaker 2  18:32
Is it true that, like, above $50 maybe, like, Tiktok shop isn't gonna work? I definitely think that there's a lot of strategy here. Because I'm, I'm actually in the process of about to read launch Tiktok shop at 150 $160 price point. I'm also kind of, like, reluctant if I do, I do think that like, confidence in the customer on Tiktok shop is increasing. People are getting, like, more used to buying on Tiktok shop. But what do you think about like, price point and what products kind of work on Tiktok shop? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  19:03
So the products that are priced between 20 and $40 are obviously gonna be doing a little bit better. But, I mean, there are people that are using Tiktok as lead generations for $100,000 projects at their homes, you know. So I You're not, it's going to be tougher because you don't want to give out. I imagine your cogs are pretty high on that product, so you're not going to want to give out a ton of samples. But in the beginning, even on joint brands, that would be kind of expensive for you to do 100 giveaways. But I do think, like you said, people are starting to trust Tiktok more. I keep seeing that number go up. I think 50 is kind of where we're drawing online right now, but I think it's worth a shot, especially if the product like a product like yours. I know your products, I think is definitely worth a shot. Yeah.

Speaker 2  19:53
I mean, I'm doing like 30 samples a week, just across all social media, for YouTube, Tiktok, Instagram and everything. So, I mean, I. Cool, yeah, I could do 100 in a month.

Speaker 1  20:01
Easy, yeah, yeah. I think doing running 100 really quick on joint brands. You'll you'll wipe through those in hopefully three weeks, and you'll be off and running.

Speaker 3  20:12
I'm gonna hand the mic real quick to one of our partners that specialize in Tiktok. She's got a couple things to add. Real quick.

Speaker 4  20:22
This is the first for me talking into a square. So bear with me, per the per the conversation around price point. I think it's really critical to understand from a marketing funnel perspective that you know, tick tock is top of funnel, and the purpose that people are on the platform is for entertainment, right? They're there to check out mentally, not necessarily check out physically. And that's the difference between Amazon and Tiktok. Tiktok in general, right? Is the Amazon. Amazon has that high intent, purpose when you get over you know, the type of marketing that we're doing on Tiktok is interruption, right? We are stopping what they're doing and telling them that they need something, and you're helping them to discover that right through the content that's being created. Now, once you hit a certain price point, we go from satisfying an impulse that hunger and that need that they have for that product. They shift from impulse to now, consideration phase and consideration phase at a certain price point is when they go to Amazon or Google and they start start to search, and that's when you need to be well positioned to take advantage of that search, but that's also when they're going to be aware of their your competition at the same time. So generally speaking, when you're in that product validation phase for Tiktok shop. In addition to price point that you're considering is also, what are those unique features and the demonstrability of your product that's also going to push them over the edge, if it's not price that's going to push them over the edge, to conversion, your product's got to be super unique and have just incredible features that make people say, I have to have it so and and you need to build into pricing mechanisms on your listing itself, free shipping, you know, flash sales, coupons, those type of offers would give people that impression that they're getting the best possible deal, even if it is that higher price point.

Speaker 1  22:21
Nice. Yeah, very nice. Good stuff. Who's up? Constantine had a question,

Speaker 5  22:25
so it was a little bit of a selfish question. It's relevant to join brands, but Tiktok in general as well, is that when we started a pet brand, I'm obviously trying to find and filter out people who have dogs. So when you go by people who interested in pet niche, and then you filter by who actually has a dog, because there would be more of a genuine video, and you see a dog in the video, is probably helpful. And then you go add a filter off GMV, then the number of people is very limited, and number of people who have high GMV is very limited. And then it's a question of, How many can you actually get? So would the trick be to get people who don't have dogs to still create videos and then splice in dogs into it later yourself, and have you on video because you own the content

Speaker 1  23:14
or the hack for that? Yeah, no, no. So good question. So let me kind of back up here a little bit the so if we're talking about the joint brands campaign, I really don't care what their GMB is. To be honest, I'm not the chances of one of these 100 videos like going super viral and generating 1000 sales for you are kind of Slim, right? What I'm looking for join brands is the most important part is just getting that sale right and that rebate. So getting that sale on your on your listing, the perk of that because there's companies out there that will do this for you, fake set, fake purchase and all that. But the perk of that is you also get a video. So I would just look at I'd be filtered by dogs, great. I definitely want that, or at least put that in the campaign objective, you can say like, Hey, you must have a dog. And when they apply, go and look at every single account, just make sure that the content is good. If they have zero sales, I don't care if the content is good, that's all that really matters for because the number one goal is just to get that sale, and then, if the content is good, that's just, that's a bonus.

Speaker 5  24:24
Well, the secondary is that Tiktok itself also has a limited amount of people who do have dogs, who have high GMV, like you. Yeah. Sorry, am I? Should I not be narrowing this thing and hoping people can create dog less videos that do well anyway,

Speaker 1  24:41
so you so you're saying, like, once you've passed the cold start phase, and now you are running the bot and doing that, yeah, I think, I think I thought, yeah, it is. It is a tougher situation because you are so niche down, but at the same time, you know you're kind of at advantage because of your niche. Uh, it might be harder to get as much content as say, you know, like a weight loss supplement or something like that, but I definitely think that there's more creators getting on board. There's going to be a lot more opportunity there for in the future.

Unknown Speaker  25:14
Where am I tossing is

Speaker 6  25:21
you've been talking about four marketing accounts. Why four? And could, can you use them on the one device where you have, you need to have four devices for those accounts. I think it's

Speaker 1  25:31
five marketing accounts. One of them will be unlocked right away to start tagging products, and then after a certain amount of GMB, the other accounts will start to unlock as well. And yeah, you can have them all on one device and just posting also.

Speaker 6  25:44
These marketing accounts are under your Tiktok shop.

Speaker 1  25:48
Yeah, well, you create the accounts. You create the accounts separately on Tiktok and you link them to your shop.

Speaker 6  25:55
Okay, so there's on a way, there's going to be an opportunity to unlock more marketing accounts and attach those to your Tiktok shop.

Speaker 1  26:02
Yeah, okay, so right away, you're gonna have one that's ready to sell right away. So start, you know, posting, reposting content there, and then once the other one's unlocked, you can do really cool stuff, like, you know, have these different accounts be for like, different niches or different angles of your product.

Unknown Speaker  26:21
Okay, thank you.

Speaker 1  26:24
Has anyone tried this? Tried doing Tiktok and kind of given up because they spent too much money? Raise your hand. That's it. So is everyone here for the most part, like hasn't started yet or got it nailed down?

Unknown Speaker  26:39
Is your hand if you haven't started, so you talk once. Cool.

Speaker 1  26:45
All right. So hopefully this, this, this helps for that. But if, if anyone has found themselves in a situation where you're just like this, this doesn't work, um, hopefully I shed some light on that and maybe change your mind and give it another shot. Because if you don't have 1000 sales on your product yet you haven't even started. You haven't even tried.

Speaker 6  27:05
What is your sales price like? Is it okay to go there with a product which costs $10

Speaker 1  27:09
yeah, it's good to go in with the product that costs $10 because it's the conversion rates can be higher on that product. So you're more likely to go viral. I've seen brands that are $30 on Amazon, and they charge $10 on Tiktok because they go it makes it easier for them to go viral. And there's still people who would rather pay the $30 on Amazon than the $10 on Tiktok. But I have price points anywhere from 19 to 30 if actually I've, since I've been doing Tiktok, my product was 1997 on on Amazon. Now it's 2899 so I've raised my price 50%

Speaker 7  27:50
you mentioned about the $10 and then being 30 on Amazon. Do people ever have Buy Box issues when they sell products on Amazon?

Speaker 1  27:58
Yeah, not yet. Yeah. Okay. It's cool. It's yeah.

Speaker 8  28:01
Does anybody here doing more than 1000 sales? Sales? Tick tock. They want to add anything? Quite a bit. They want to add something to the conversation.

Speaker 1  28:13
Yeah. I mean, it's someone with 1000 sales on one of their product cards,

Unknown Speaker  28:18
um, stand up

Speaker 1  28:19
and say something, tell me if, if they've noticed, things kind of start to get easier once you get to that point,

Speaker 9  28:26
yeah, once you reach 1000 1000 unit sale per product card that you mentioned, things definitely get easier. You get more creators applying to you like you mentioned. They see your success same way we see analytics and how well creators are doing. They see how well the brands are doing, the products are doing, and they start reaching out to you. It's the numbers game. I would go with as many creators as possible initially, or you could use the AI strategy to plant videos for us. We found success with creators and just duplicating, getting them on retainer, getting them to post as much content as possible. We've had products go viral multiple times, and now with Subscribe and Save, we have some type of predictability. Supply chain always is an issue, because you never know when you're going to get the viral hit. Definitely an amazing spill over on Amazon, and we were able to raise prices, and that hasn't affected us

Unknown Speaker  29:24
at all. You have a high price point product, right?

Speaker 9  29:27
We started out in about 17, $18 price range. It's up to 25 to $30 price range. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  29:34
Part of my plan to 10x in two years isn't just 10x in revenue, it's also doubling my profit.

Speaker 9  29:42
Absolutely, yeah. My question to you, I guess, is, where do you find more success? Are you regularly running flash deals, almost coupons?

Speaker 1  29:51
Yeah, right now I am testing just having a flash deal at all times. I just schedule them three days. So every couple of days, every three days, yeah, you can schedule them out and. Advance. So right when expires, the next one just pops up. That's, yeah, always have a flash sale on, and then, with the lives, have those flash sales be better than in the sale price?

Unknown Speaker  30:12
That's one thing we haven't tested yet. So that's next.

Speaker 8  30:15
How are you keeping track of Tiktok has like 5 million promos going on. So I, like, I don't, I just keep opting into everything, yeah, but like, how the hell are you keeping track of like, what discount are they overlapping? Like, I'm running flash sales. And then there's back to school, and there's Martin Luther King and, like, everything they have, like, promo, promo, promo, and they're, I feel like they're constantly there. How are you keeping track of

Speaker 1  30:38
it? I really don't keep track. I just do them all. Yeah, just do them because you're just, at this point, you're just trying to improve conversions. And if those things improve conversions, then your likelihood of going viral just increase. And again, in the end, a lot of these big brands that are doing really well, like goalie and eurogum, they're breaking even on Tiktok, but they're 10x in their businesses on Amazon. And that's that, that's the goal. So if these promotions kind of seem like I don't want to give away that much money, I wouldn't worry too much about that. If it improves conversions, go for it.

Speaker 8  31:09
Michelle, did you have an answer to that question? I think you did. So give it to Michelle real quick. Can you toss that? This is going to be a big one. Is an under house. Eventually we'll land this Jen

Speaker 4  31:21
intercepted, all right, so, like, two, two hand version, like, should I just come up there and, like, show you guys there's like, seller promotions, and then there's Tiktok promotions, okay? And underneath that you have discounts and flash sales and coupons. Okay, so you have tick tock coop, tick tock campaign flash sales. Tick, tick tock campaign coupons. Now, when you have a campaign going and you have a flash deal, a seller, Flash deal going at the same time, it does not overlap. The campaign takes precedence. And typically, just like on Amazon, it's going to want there's there's different kind of like requirements for the price point during the campaign, but there's no overlap. So if you have a flash deal running and you're in a campaign at the same time, the campaign flash deal will run coupons. Can coupons layer so coupons seller seller coupons will layer with any kind of product discount or flash deal that you're running. Campaign coupons can also layer with seller coupons. So that's one of the things to just kind of be aware of. And sometimes, depending on what you're invited to on the campaign side, there might be product discounts running at the same time that there are campaign coupons, and just be aware of the coupons that you have running in conjunction with that, so you don't run into like a layering issue. But for the most part, take advantage of campaigns, and especially if you're working with an account manager, make sure that you ask them to nominate you for campaigns as well that may be specific to your category, because there's, there's the big campaigns that go on, but there's also category specific campaigns that you can get nominated for. And make sure that you're taking advantage of Damon, you want to,

Speaker 8  32:59
Damon, had something here, Damon, you'll close us off. In the meantime, snap this. I just

Speaker 3  33:04
wanted to say one thing, like, since I deal with lots of creators, creators are liars. Okay, they will lie about everything. So even if they don't have a dog, they'll go to their friend's house and film their dogs. I wouldn't be too concerned when you're doing that. They just want to make money. So think about that.

Speaker 10  33:20
I have two observations when it comes to campaign enrollment. You should only enroll in campaigns for two reasons. One is, you're a brand new seller, and you want to get the velocity. You want to get your name and sales up there. The second is, if you have a dedicated account manager for your account otherwise, never, ever, ever enroll in campaigns. Why? It's because, as Michelle said, the campaigns have a requirement that you have a certain discount, usually an odd number, 11% 13% 15% something like that. But the challenge is, if you roll in campaign after campaign after campaign, it starts suppressing your average sales price. So if you start at 20 bucks and you run an 11% discount, percent discount, then all of a sudden, your price gone to 18, and then you run another campaign, your price gone down to 16, and you run another campaign has gone down there 14. And so you're in this downward spiral of you're always having a lower and lower and lower average sales price, and you can never get out of it unless you have a day to day account manager and they can change it in the back end. So we've been, like, kind of burned by enrolling in a lot of campaigns, because the requirement for your discount just keeps getting deeper and deeper, because your average sales price keeps going lower and lower, lightning the situation. The other thing that you had a question like, hey, like, does think do things get easier after 1000 sales? Yeah, we got to be careful with that as well, because, like, our hero product on Amazon is not our hero product on Tiktok. Why? It's because just one product decided, like, went viral, and then all the other creators started to pile on to that particular product. And it was so surreal, because, like, our hero product on Amazon is still like a bad seller. It's like a very low. Low volume product on Tiktok. So what we're doing right now, our strategy is to do bundles. So we bundle our super seller with another product. We want to sort of pull up with it, right so when you when you bundle two products together, you can get that attraction to the second product, but otherwise you get like kind of pigeon holed into promoting one single product, because everyone wants to hitch their wagon to a winner, right? And we've been trying to push our other products, but no one wants it because of the low sales velocity.

Speaker 1  35:31
Yeah, yeah. Snap supplements does a good job with their Alex,

Unknown Speaker  35:38
right? You. Ibo.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai