Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, intro. Hope I can add some value to a few people in the room. So, yeah, I'm Brandon. I got the clicker here. I guess I can do it myself. I joined at the beginning of last year. Went to prosper. Didn't Know About MDs, went to the social, talked to a lot of amazing people in MDS. I was like, I have to be a part of this group. Part of this group. So about a year and a half, I founded my brand rough liners. December 2022, before that, I was an engineer in the semiconductor world for about 10 years. Hopefully I'm gonna hit over 10 mil this year. My third year, did about 977k last month. We might hit our first million dollar month. This month, we're going to be really close Marine veteran physics degree engineer for 10 years and semiconductor worked on designing the next generation of semiconductor machines before now, I work on a dog seat cover, and I was on Shark Tank in April. So that's been huge. And actually it's a big reason why I'm talking about what I'm talking about today. So this is kind of just some of the results. In April I aired on Shark Tank. Literally, April 1 is when I went all in on really focusing on social media and posting every day and just me being in front of the camera a lot more. Since then, we went from about 430 followers on Tiktok to I think I checked this morning, it was like 27 something, or almost 3k on Tiktok. We're almost at 3k also on Instagram, our email subscribers. We went from about 3000 email subscribers to now. We're over 12,000 in the last few months. But the big thing is is, I know that it's working, that we're building a brand, because you can see it in our branded search. Went from, you know, about 1000 in February, I think that should say March, to now, over 4000 branded searches in June. July is not available yet. And on Amazon, we went from about less than 2000 branded search volume to over 6000 and the and then in the end, you want to make sales, right? So we've increased Shopify sales almost 300% went from about 31k in March to the last few months, we've been somewhere between 125 and 150 and actually, even before I went on Shark Tank, the very first week that we saw that I started this, we automatically had a 50% increase in Shopify sales. That was before I went on Shark Tank, just starting to shoot more founder content, telling my story from my perspective. So I'm going to talk about founder content. But a few ways that you can kind of come up with ideas for what kind of content you could be creating is with chat GPT. There's some pre made gpts out there. I went ahead and made a GPT for our team. A lot of deep dives. You can kind of build it all into a spreadsheet, ask it to make you spreadsheets that then link to a data sets, and then you can put in all your interactions and everything, get it to analyze it, keep working on it that way. Basically, after about five plus hours on a weekend, I was able to come up with, you know, a whole format of scripts with with the content, ideas, captions, hashtags, everything, schedules for Instagram and Tiktok. And that led us to the, you know, in April, we started posting almost every single day. There was a few days that we kind of had some hiccups, or we weren't really ahead yet. It takes a while to get started, right? I also use now, I hired an agency. I found somebody on Instagram that does, kind of helps brands build their personal brand. So every month, they give me like 30 days worth of scripts. I take like two days, I film all this stuff, send it back to them. They edit it, spit it out. They're the ones testing, trying to figure out what's going viral in my niche, we also have an ambassador program. We're sending out about 30 samples a week, probably not a lot, compared to some of you in this room. And then the ones that make really good content, we invite them to our ambassador program. Then we hire out our ambassador program to also post more content on our timeline, so that we can get, like, a couple posts a day. And we're not just focusing on product videos, we're focusing on really trying to build a connection with our audience. So I sell a dog car seat cover, but what I really sell is getting outside with your dog more. And so I want I want it. I feel like it's a win every time I sell my product, because another dog is getting out hiking more with their owner. They're living a better life. And so we do videos like trail reviews. We'll ask some of our content creators to go out and, like, just find some trail and give us a review about it. And it kind of encourages other dog owners to maybe take their dogs on that similar trail, hopefully, over a while, these series kind of build up more value as there's, like, a lot more of it, or top 10 lists, like, What's your dog's top 10 Things to do this summer? And a lot of this content is just kind of like, more fun. And building a relationship with our customer, and not like just trying to shove product in their face all the time, and we post everything to our rough liners, Instagram, Facebook, Tiktok and YouTube shorts, yeah, so I'm a big I've talked to several people in this room. And I know some people are not the founder that want to be in front of the camera. They, you know, a lot of a lot of people want to get content creators and kind of sell the product. But there is a huge advantage when you talk directly to to your customer. You know the product the problem and your customer better than anybody else in your organization, and so you should be able to talk to them better than anybody that you could hire to do this, because you've been working on it longer than anybody else, right? Also, your story is a differentiator, your Chinese competitor, and like that really big brand that has no face behind it, can't stand in front of the camera and be like relatable to their customer. So it's actually a huge differentiator, if you're willing to do this, and you build trust and a better connection with your customer. So there's several ways that you can do founder content. One of the things that I really love, and where we've gone viral the most is kind of brand and founder story. Most of my content that has, you know, even this, like one that has like, 3 million views now, 1.4 you know, these have all kind of gone up recently. Most of these are, like, the back story. It's me telling, like, how did I come with my product idea? Like, why do I do this? What did I do before I did this? That's the stuff that people really like to hear. It's an interesting story, right? Product videos, of course, you know, you can always be demoing the product and that and that kind of just builds a better relationship with the customer as well. I mean, I also have content creators that do this in an in house, guy that also makes these kind of videos. But what I find is, whenever I'm actually doing the product videos, they get better views, more engagements. It just works. And then a little bit of an entertainment. One thing I love doing is going out and doing, like, sidewalk interviews. This is kind of like all over social media. There's probably, and I see cheers, does this? Brooks is out there all the time. You go somewhere engaging where your customers might be, if you're in the baby space, go to some baby conference and just start walking around and asking people random questions. For us, it's like, should a dog sleep in the bed or not? It's just like these, these questions that people didn't want to, like, comment all in the in the comments and be like, No, your dog shouldn't sleep in the bed. Or Yeah, I absolutely let my dog sleep in the bed, right? So just try to figure out a way that you can kind of entertain your customer and not just throw product in their face all the time, right? So these are, these are some ideas for like, founder, brand, product videos, right? You always have the product videos. Look what's in the questions in your comments, any comment, any question, any concerns you see in reviews or any of your social media content is always great place to start of being like a question people always have, is this, right? And then you just go into answering that, why are rough liners so expensive that one did really well as well? How To videos? How do you clean it? How do you install it? Any of those things, right? The brand and founder story is what I would really encourage a lot of people to lean into, and it's a strong differentiator, and it makes you it's going to build fans. If you're always the brand that wants to be in the middle of the road, and you're not going to choose one side or the other, then no one's ever going to love you. No one's going to hate you either. But like with all the haters, comes people that really get behind you and identify with you, love who you are as a person. So some ideas that you might be able to make content about, or like, how did you come up with this idea? What makes your brand different from every other brand in this category? Why did you start your brand? What's your backstory, even before you did this, how did you grow up where I was in the military, like talking about that I was in the Marine Corps, or we all have a story to tell, and some of you might have a have a product where you're like, I'm not my customer base. I just sell this product, but you're a business owner. We all have struggles. Maybe you can even talk about, you know, challenges in your business, or whatever. I think it humanizes you. It builds a better connection with all of your customers, and it makes you somebody that people can identify with. Your Chinese competitor can't do that like they're not going to make a video about why I started this business, and any American is going to care about that, right?

Speaker 1  09:32
I like the interview ones. Sometimes it's me out doing sidewalk interviews. Other ones are like me rating like different types of dog food, or like other things in this category, or rating activities to go outside with your dog, and just giving my personal opinion, that always creates debates and the comments, and then people want to, like, give their own feedback, or like this or that love it or leave it right, and I have somebody behind the camera that's just asking me questions, and I'm just doing it. And. Prompt to real quick, just giving my raw opinion about things, right? And then I love the sidewalk interviews out in public. That's kind of hard to do it for us. Like, if I go to a Houston Humane Society event, then there's tons of dog owner there. It's really easy. But just walking around the mall being like, Hey, can I interview you real quick? You get mostly nos. You just have to, like, deal with, like, a lot of nos to get a few yeses, and then you get some good content out of it, right? And then the value add examples, we try to do different series on, like, dog approved trail reviews, top 10 lists. These are a lot of the UGC stuff that we're paying for our content creators to make, and then we're posting it on our own channel, seasonal tips and tricks, or edutainment, which is something that I learned from cheers, is like it creates an authority figure when you're educating people about stuff and showing how much you know about this subject. Cheers, does it great? GABA receptor, acetaldehyde, I know about all that stuff now because I see all of y'all content, right? And what's so what's working for rough liners, every brand is going to be different. You have to just fire host social media, and you get a few pieces of viral content. And then just reiterate that literally, look at the same pacing, the same subtitles you're using everything, and try to figure out how to just recreate that same type of content. What's working best for rough liners is what I call multi tasking videos. I actually, if anybody in here, who in here knows what secret labs is, they make like gaming chairs, desks, handful of people, right? So they have a video on their profile, on their tick tock, that has like 71 million views, and it's some guy sitting there putting together a desk, and he's like, people always want to know what makes our sit to sand desk better than every other sit to sand desk on the market. And he's like, then it cuts to him somewhere else, and he's like, doing the leg, and he's just talking while he's like, doing this other task, right? And that's all my videos that have blown up. And so we're leaning into that even more when I went to the pet conference, or I meant to super zoo, we I kind of was figuring this out. We had had enough pieces that I was like, Okay, this is, like, what's really working. Let's just do this over and over again. So it's me walking around installing it. I'm like, doing the head rest strap, or I'm over here doing the door thing, and I'm just, like, telling a story as I'm like, going through so there's, like, the product placement, even if I'm talking about my background or something that has nothing to do with the product, I'm always doing this install video, right? And I don't know it's just visually engaging. You cut to a new scene about every two to three seconds, and so it just keeps moving you around. And so, so, yeah, after a few pieces of viral content, we kind of leaned back into this. And then on a Saturday, me and my camera guy, I was like, I remember, record two more pieces. And immediately one of them went to like, 70k views the first day. Next one went to 50k I was like, we need to fine tune this. But it's like, working. This is like, really working. And the topics that have done the best, what makes rough liners different? That's something you should definitely be doing on social media. Is like, you really need to define, like, what your differentiator is in the marketplace, how to set things up, how I came up with rough liners. Why are rough liners so expensive? What's different about rough liners compared to the competition? It's like just doing this over and over again, and I have a few different products. I can literally take the exact same script and do the exact same thing with just a different product and a different vehicle, and it just keeps hitting over and over and over again. Whenever I was in at amplify in New York, there's a bunch of other Shark Tank companies. Brooks was there from cheers, and the keynote speaker was the founder of dude wipes. And one thing that they were talking about is, and I kind of learned this from them, and that's why I leaned more into it, is figure out what's working on social media, and then just hit your audience over the head with it over and over and over and over again, so that they really know. What is your brand, what do y'all sell? What's your message, what's your purpose? You need to make sure that your content is engaging. Though you cannot sleep on a really good hook and call to actions. There's a lot of ways you can do this. Test out multiple hooks on the same kind of video, multiple kind of call to actions. But what I found the best call to actions is never follow, it's never share, it's never any of these other things. It's always, what do you think about like I'm trying instead of talking to my audience, I'm trying to talk to I'm trying to talk to them instead of talk at them, right? I'm trying to create a conversation that's gonna end up in the comments, and then I have 8000 comments, and then that just blows up the whole post. And then I get, you know, a few 100 followers, where, if I ask you to follow, I get like, five people, you know, so I would try to create, like engaging content by trying to create a conversation with your customer, and that's going to give it more views, more impressions. People want to give their opinion. Yeah. So asking people, What do you think about this? My best rival video was right before I went on Shark Tank, and it was just like, do you think I got a deal on Shark Tank or not? And it's just like, yes, no, yes, no. All up and down the comments, right? So, yeah, let me know in the comments this. Send this to a friend, you know. But definitely do not sleep on the hook, and do not sleep on call to actions you've got. And with the hook, you need to have visually, audio, text on the screen. You need to do every which way, all together. And it's gonna work so much better. I don't have a great example here, but and then on templates, I'm gonna have some files at the end on my value add that there's a lot of of these templates and that where I got all this information from. So if you're trying to create content in house, you need to be very consistent. If you look at roughline or social media, one thing I heard the other day was somebody was like, Man, I like how this looks like when you scroll through all of our stuff, that everything's very consistent. Some things that I've learned is, of course, you have a no zone. Make sure that all your subtitles are within this red box and not overlapping the like button or other things, because then it kind of gets cut off and people are just going to swipe to the next video once this, this next one, the text eyes and captions, you need to be very deliberate about the text at the top is always, we always put our hook in the exact same place. My eyes always line up in the exact same place. If you watch a TV show, if you go watch Shark Tank, when they cut from one shark to the next shark to the person speaking, the eyes of the person stays in the exact same place on the screen. It's easier for your for the viewer that they're not like moving their eyes around. It's very subtle. I never noticed this till it was pointed out to me. And then I go look at like, like on TV, like the big marketing companies, and they're doing this, and then make sure your captions are always in the same place. Another tip I'd give is always record at 4k and in a wider angle than you need, because then you give yourself the option to, like, zoom in and out on that exact same video and not have like, lower resolution, because it was at 1080 now you zoomed in and it's like 720 you know. And then make sure you always use animated subtitles, kat, kat and Adobe have great options. Create, you know, define all of these within your editor. Whoever's editing for you, have very strict guidelines. Of you use the same captions every time. You always put the hook captions, eyes in the exact same place. Create these templates. The first month was kind of rough trying to test figure out our templates. But now it's just like we have it. It's easy to spit stuff out. If I come up with an idea this morning, we're going to record it in like 10 minutes. My editor is going to have it out in two hours. It out in two hours. It just makes it so much faster. Another tip is you can shortcut making captions and hashtags inside Premiere Pro. There's this link will send you to a video on how to do animated subtitles in Premiere Pro. But also through that process, it'll it'll show you how to bring up the transcript. So if you video record anything, you can just throw it in Premiere Pro. You can get the full transcript of that copy, paste in the chat, GPT, captions, hashtags, done. You don't even gotta think about it. And once you build out your GPT, then it's a great option for captions, hashtags, scripts, all that stuff. I uh, I personally do captions and hashtags after we record, I might have an idea of what to do, but in the moment of videoing, I might come up with, like, a better way of saying it. So it's, it takes me two seconds to make captions and hashtags, so I usually wait until we've edited the video and kind of figured out how we're going to mash that down. I and like I was saying, We also do some paid UGC that we post on our own profile, and then we're doing in house content. So yeah, I have the agency that does 30 pieces a month in house, just my ideas. We do about another 15 to 20 pieces that we just record randomly when I'm like, Oh, I got an idea. Let's shoot this real quick, and then we're farming out 20 to 30 pieces of content to from our ambassadors that all came from, just like sending out samples, finding people to make good content, and then, you know, bringing them in and making them like a consistent face of our organization.

Speaker 1  19:17
And like I said, mostly for our ambassador program, it's like some product, but a lot more like entertainment content, getting them to get outside with their dog, shooting videos, you know, encouraging more people to get outside with their dog. And I don't hard script my content creators, we've been giving them, like, better ideas, or like, kind of giving them a rough script of what kind of B roll and music and stuff will go with it, but we always, we don't, we don't want them to do the animated subtitles. We just get them to send us the edited video. We're going to add them the music over the B roll, and we're going to do any animated subtitles in house so that it just stays consistent and always looks the same. So yeah, some takeaways. I. Of course, everybody use chat, GPT, some other tool. It's hard to constantly be thinking about content ideas, but if you ask it to make you 90 scripts for the next 90 days, there's probably at least half of those that are like, pretty good that you can test out, and then a few of them that you're like, I'm not a fan of, right? Make sure you're using hooks and call to actions to get better engagements. And get creative with this. I really want to try to work on getting even more creative with, like, the visual of how I start a video. Some of those videos where somebody's, like, rolling and then they, like, they roll into it, and then it's somebody else talking or whatever, right? Try to split up your content between in house and paid you just UGC. I see everybody using paid UGC. If you, as the founder, can get in front of the camera and do, you don't need to do all the content. But if you can do 1520, 30 pieces a month with like two days of filming, I've seen a huge amount of benefit from this. And I personally think if you want to build a brand, you have to have a story. Kyle yesterday was talking about storytelling on the listing. I think you have to be consistent across all media, and the more that you can tell a story and have a purpose, you're gonna have people that really support you. And that's how you build a long lasting relationship with customers. That's how I believe that you build a brand. That's how I think I'm gonna get to $100 million and make sure you're editing for social media using the safe zone and consistent framing and making sure that all your all of your PO the way that you're editing is very consistent. And premier can help you with transcripts for easy captions and hashtags. So here's a little video. If you don't know how to make a GPT, this will kind of like walk you through how to make a GPT. I also spent a lot of time and a bunch of deep researches to make this high performance hooks and CD CTAs. I don't know it's like 30 something pages, but you can take that feed that into if you're trying to make a GPT. It's gonna start you off of a lot of good Creatives basically told it, hey, act as a as the marketing agency for a billion dollar brand like Red Bull and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And after a few iterations, there's a lot of gold in here. My whole social media team, I've had them read all this. It's in my GPT as well. And then that's the template video that's going to show you, kind of like the red zone and other stuff. If you take that, put it in Premiere. You can make it a little bit see through, and then you can use that kind of as a template, just to make sure that you're putting everything in the right place. And then I this is just a file with maybe like seven or so scripts, if you're not familiar with, like, really organized how to, how to organize a script with all the shots you need, the B roll, the the music and everything. These are like some good just basic formats that you can use if you want, kind of like a format that's like easy to follow, so that whenever you go out to shoot, it's like no thought process, process. Just read the next line, stand here, do this, send it to your editor. So I feel like I kind of flew through that. Where am I? Oh, I'm good on time. I'm perfect on time. Okay,

Speaker 2  23:08
what does your team look like? Do you have just someone in the office who shoots the video, and then do you send it to like an outsourced Upwork editor, dude? Or what does that whole thing look like?

Speaker 1  23:17
So the agency I'm using for scripts, which I'm gonna in q4 I'm gonna replace them with hiring somebody in house that kind of like my that's gonna deal with all that. Right now, they just send me 30 days of scripts. I kind of go through a review, maybe change some wording here and there, shoot for two or three days, and then I send it all back to them, and they edit it all and post everything to social media. In house, I have one guy that's like, video photo, good at editing, whether it's video or graphic design or whatever, and so he helps with filming. And so now he just makes the whole shot list. And he's like, stand here, do this, so that it's very easy for me to, like, not think about it, and not have to waste, like, even more time doing this, because to be honest with you, I probably am spending close to, actually this last month was super efficient. I think I did all the shooting in like three days. So yeah, it's gotten more efficient. And then, yeah, and that's and then I have a VA that does our like ambassador program. So she's just focused on sending out samples, recruiting ambassadors, you know, commenting and stuff like that. So it's a pretty lean team, but I'm planning on hiring somebody in house that's probably going to be like a young, fresh college student or something like that, like cheers has, and get somebody in house that can just be writing scripts and are a little bit more in tune. Because the stuff that's gone viral, honestly, is all the stuff that I come up with. And the agency does Okay, and they have a few pieces that have gotten like, a couple 100,000 views, but I feel like they could know the messaging better. And if I had someone in house that was just focused on rough line liners all the time, and not doing 30 pieces of content at a time, but doing like, a week at a time. And. Slowly iterating. I think somebody talked about that the other day. I think I forgot who it was. Was saying, like, don't do all 90 at one time. Like, slowly iterate so that you can figure out what's working. So, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai