Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, all right, good morning. This is gonna be good. Someone last night said, Oh my gosh, you're speaking about AI and Tiktok. That's like the two most popular subjects here. You're gonna make a baby with the two most popular subjects this morning. And I promise it's gonna be good. Going to be good. So good morning everyone. I'm Damon. I'm a very new member about six weeks now with MDS, but I'm not new to the space. I've been selling in E commerce since 2015 and I've been on Tiktok since December of 2023 so new to MDs, but not necessarily new to this industry. So like I said myself here this morning, we're going to make a baby between Tiktok and AI, and I'm going to help you navigate the online casino that is viral content. And I'm going to do it in three parts. First, I'm going to show you why high performing content is super valuable, and it's not just about the revenue. Two is, I'm going to show you how to make some killer AI videos, and three, I'm going to show you how to scale it, and I'm going to show you the costs and all the steps involved in between. So let's get started. Shall we? So? A quick poll, who here in this room thinks that this guy on the right with the black hat, with 3 million views and 24,000 shares is AI. Who here on the left? Who here thinks this lady on the left with 2 million views and 13,000 shares is AI? Only half of you voted so Well, the truth is they're both AI, right? And that's quite deliberate, because over half of the content you're seeing online right now on all major social media platforms is AI generated. The statistics and the research suggests that half of all short format content on Instagram and YouTube is AI generated, almost 60% two out of three videos that I'm sorry, ads on YouTube are AI generated. And some of the more provocative stats suggest that almost 90% of new content being posted to interest is AI generated. And my question is, does it even matter? Does it matter? Because if you look at the demographic composition of daily active Tiktok users, almost two out of three are Gen Z. And from my experience and from the research, it suggests that Gen Z just doesn't care that it's AI. They care about the entertainment value, they care about the message, and they care about the emotion that it inspires. They don't care that it's AI. So let's take a peek behind some of the numbers that suggest that shooting for super high performing content on Tiktok is really worth your time, money and energy. Shall we off outside of the revenue impact, you also have sales ranking impact. So people in this room who've been around for a while probably remember Manny chat. You guys remember Manny chat from like 2020 approximately? Well, we had this thing called Search Find buy. So for those of you who weren't indoctrinated back in 2020, search find, buy, was basically when you ran a bunch of Facebook ads. You encourage people to come to a page, you engage them with a bot called Manny chat, and you gave them a particular keyword search term. He said, Okay, go to Amazon. Find this, purchase it, and we'll give you a small reward, usually in the form of like a gift card or something like that. Well, unfortunately, Amazon caught on to this, and it's totally against Terms of Service, and a lot of people got suspended for search ranking manipulation. But guess what's not search ranking manipulation when someone sees a high value, highly entertaining video on Tiktok and just goes and finds your product organically. So in the 72 hours after that video that had a million views, we saw our search rank improve by 56% organically, overnight. And what's even more insane is that nearly six months later, our search ranking is still 29% better than it was before. V video, pretty incredible. So what if you could manufacture these videos and these views and the revenue more consistently and on demand? And that's exactly we're going to go through in six easy steps right now. So let's get into it. Let's build some AI avatar. Shall we It all starts with generating your IAP. Everyone in this room has an ICP, right your ideal customer persona, but you also have to make an AI persona that reflects what your customer is expecting in terms of their views, their looks, their language, how they speak, how they interact, et cetera. So. Going to do this? It's pretty simple. You just take all of your order data, you plop it into an LLM, and you ask it, hey, look, based on the name, based on the zip code, the order history, the address, tell me about the demographics, the firmographics, the motivations, the goals, the behavior of my of my audience. But here's a small cautionary tale. Is that the data set matters. So for us, for every one item we sell on Tiktok shop, we sell five on Amazon. So for us, it's like, oh, well, we'll just go with the Amazon data. It's more rich, more diverse, higher end score. So we put all of our Amazon data into an LLM and said, Hey, look, spit out who our customer is. And are like, Oh, great. Our customer looks exactly like our current affiliates, young, white, college, educated, suburban people. But here's where the problem is. The Tiktok demographic is totally different than the Amazon demographic. We put our Tiktok data in here, it tells a completely different story, doesn't it? Our Tiktok customers are minority groups with a completely different income, a completely different education and location, right? So the data matters. Step number two, create your avatar, and everything you're seeing here are real prompts to be used, real outputs from our real work. But basically, you take all that demographic data, you put into an LLM of your choice. Lm of your choice could be Gemini perplexity, chatgpt, doesn't matter, and say, Look, taking this demographic data, make me five different personas, right? And then just take one of those five, make a prompt out of it and stick it into whatever AI generation, image generation tool you like. You can use Google image and four chatgpt, Dolly three, but we what we use is Hedra perplex, I'm sorry, flex content Pro, because that's produced the best results when it comes to animation. Step number three is you give your avatar a voice. So again, using customer data, what we did is we took over 500 customer reviews, put them into a text file and popped them into chatgpt and said, Hey, look, based on this customer data, create a 32nd script that follows this flow, the hook, a curiosity gap, the reveal or the reward, and a CTA. Then you take that 32nd script and you modify it just slightly. You remove things like commas, question marks, dashes, because those totally mess up the flow, and just replace it with a period or a full stop. And then you generate a three three times in 11 labs, 11 lapses for us, been the best voiceover, and we use 11 turbo 2.5 but there are many, many models you can choose for yourself. Step number four is you create the frame. So remember our avatar in step two, she was kind of in a kitchen with like strange lighting and things like that. Well, again, just like the voice, your your viewer has an expectation of where your customer should be based on the context of your script. So you need to reframe you to reset your avatar in a setting. That makes sense, but it's really critical that your setting is super high contrast. A controlled environment doesn't have things that might distract in the background, like pedestrians or people or branches, because all these things get animated when you put it into the video generation tool. So if there's a pedestrian in the background of your frame, that pedestrian is going to start getting animated. It's going to be very confusing and distracting for your viewer. And set number five is the last step. You basically shove it all together. So you you take your voice track, you take your video, your frame that you just created, and you put it into head drum. And we use character three, but there's veo. Three is just as Ian mentioned, with a lot of models, but character three is the most cost effective. And when it comes to credits, you can add in small gestures and emotional expressions to add a little bit extra light, but it's completely optional for you. Step six is as you basically send it out into the wild. We recommend you download you edit right on tick tock. Why it's because when you add in the the

Speaker 1  09:03
captions, the subtitles, the text, things of that nature, Tiktok needs to read that and index it and surface it. If you're doing it on a different editor, Tiktok is not going to see any of that stuff. Same thing goes for the music. Like you don't want your avatar video to be banned because of some copyright issue, right? And then you take your video and you just follow and interact with other videos that are aligned with the theme of your Tiktok video, right? So we just honestly taking a doing that, running through that in real life is probably about the same time as we did as we just did it together five minutes to create a video. So how do you do it at scale? Because you don't want to, you don't want to do this manually, right? And let's look at some of the cost behind doing what we're doing here. So going back to affiliates, remember, we started the conversation with affiliates and how inconsistent and how unreliable they can be. Well, they're also pretty expensive. We asked them. Eight that it costs around $86 to onboard an affiliate and get their first video out there. Cost 55 bucks. And in terms of onboard, I'm sorry, agencies, tools, shipping and cost of goods sold to distribute products, then there's a big three week delay right of training them, onboard a way of the product drive, and having them use it, having them build a video, and then you have to boost it right with Spark ads and GMV Max, and taking into account the entire universe of affiliate content we've produced, which is 1000s and 1000s of pieces we see, on average, a per creator return of $68 Wait a second. That's less money than it costs to even onboard a creator and get them to produce a video. So we have negative ROI with human creators. Check this out. A 32nd AI video costs $2 to create and one minute of your time in terms of video, it costs around $1.50 in terms of voice, through 11 labs, it costs 55 cents. And then if you decide to use Tiktok natively on your phone to edit it, it's free. And taking into account, remember that second slide we had where I showed that the RP M, or the revenue per 1000 was about $17 we get around 1700 views on average per AI video. And so that's, um, $32 for a $2 video. So a 12 or, I'm sorry, 15x ROI, but let's take this and scale this, right? So we're not going to sit around and make crap videos all day, right? We're going to learn. We're going to apply best practices. And so looking at our top 100 videos, our top 100 videos, we don't have a $17 rpm. We've got $170 rpm. We don't have 1500 views on average. We have 12,000 views on average. So taking this into account, you can really start stacking the odds in your favor. So remember, Hedra costs $30 a month. With those $30 you get credits, and with those credits, you can produce around 20/32 videos. 11 labs only cost 20 bucks a month, $22 a month. And with that, you can make not just 20/32 sound bites, you can make a lot more. So we started taking all of our extra credits we have leftover at the end of the month, and we just make podcasts out of a super long format, voice only, podcasts using blog articles and things of that nature. And then, of course, the halo effect, we talk about, the 61% uplift that you get. And so we add all that together for a $52 cost, you can produce over $100,000 theoretical, when you can really kick an ass of returns. That's a 2,000x ROI with all the control and all the consistency that you don't get with human influencers. Thank you. So again, how do you scale this stuff? So Ian teased n a n earlier, and that's exactly what we're using. And so we're using n, a n to automate the first four steps in the process. How cool is that? So we've built various agents and crawlers to go out and scrape topics from major platforms like Quora, Reddit, Facebook, group, etc, to understand like, Hey, what are people talking about when it comes to our products and our industry? And so we scrape all these, these themes, we clean it up, and we start creating basically an infinite number of subject lines, titles, hashtags, scripts, frames, AI, avatars, and we're basically short cutting everything, and we're doing all the first four steps automated using n, a n, and then all you had to do is cut and paste into the AI generator. So what you're seeing here, these are all AI videos, all of them, and all of them have hundreds of 1000s or millions of views. So it's limitless the type of content that you can make when you use AI and when you scale it appropriately. Key takeaways, it's clear that there is a value to attention. There is a value to providing educational, rewarding, highly engaging content, because you get more revenue and the halo effect gives you better search ranking. At the same time, AI is a lot more consistent and has a lot more control than human creators. And just because AI doesn't mean that no one's going to watch it, or like it. Half the crap you see out there is AI already anyway, and I bet everyone in this room doesn't really notice it quite yet. And again, AI is so much cheaper, a fraction of the cost of it of a human creator. So I've taken everything we've walked through here, and I put it into a nine page document, nine page. Pages with every single prompt, every single step, everything you need to cut and paste, you can literally take this document, give it to a team member, and they're going to be able to recreate everything that I just showed you today. If you want to connect, there's a little QR code hidden back there, and that's it.

Unknown Speaker  15:21
There we go. How was that not bad, right?

Speaker 2  15:29
Where's the QR code? Oh, there's going to be at the end of the open discussion, yeah, because it's not over yet. Not over yet. We're going to do about 1015, minutes of just

Speaker 3  15:36
discussion. My question is, if you have used the same technology for doing live on Tiktok with AI

Speaker 4  15:45
avatar for lives, using the same photo to turn it into a video. You mean?

Speaker 1  15:53
Sorry, using AI avatars to do avatars? Yes, no. So I think that lives are so dynamic, and there's so many rules around it that they would be nearly impossible to do real time AI generation with a live so those of you who don't do Tiktok lives, it's basically when you live stream content that's available for purchase. But there are so many rules and so many regulations to Tiktok lives, it would be nearly impossible to do it in real time with AI like, currently, currently, I guess I don't think it's possible. You think it's

Unknown Speaker  16:27
going to be possible for sure next?

Speaker 5  16:31
Yeah, so all of the videos you showed looked like it was folks talking. We have physical products that resonate well when they're demonstrated. So have you done anything with physical products in AI videos?

Speaker 1  16:45
That's a great observation. And so there are two types of there are two types of videos that you can post to tick tock one, and one's called an anchored video, and one's a non anchored video. An anchor video just means that's a product tag to it. And so it's a video that's it's commercializable. That's a word that means you can buy the product, right? And so the challenge with this is that both types of videos have different compliance rules behind them, so videos that are anchored or tagged with the product, you can't say a lot. It's very, very restricted to the things you can say about it, non anchored or non tagged products. You can say whatever you want. So we've gone down the path of the non tagged products because a like it takes way too long to develop the following and the history and whatever, to make an AI profile eligible to send. And then secondarily, they're under a lot more scrutiny when it comes to selling anchor content. So we just do non product, non anchor, non anchor content, and allow and tease people. They sort of lead them to finding your product online and purchasing organically.

Speaker 4  17:55
Yeah, I add into that. So like, you don't need to tag your product on Tiktok for it to sell on Tiktok. First of all, you can just do Tiktok videos. Tiktok videos. Now, how do you get the product to show up in the video? That's I think that was more your question, right? So what I'm seeing people do is they take a video like what he showed, talking about the experience of the product and how it benefits the customer, and in between that, they clip away from that avatar, showing close ups of somebody applying cream. So it could be from a real person, or, you know, you're somebody in your office just doing some they call B roll, right? And then there's tools like veed that you can basically take create a creator and Avatar you can mix in V the B roll, along with, like, knowing where you want it to be placed. And so, a lot of great ads. I think in my previous presentation I did for MDS, I showed you know, how a lot of brands are basically taking these avatars and mixing in the B roll and using the avatar as the narrator of the story. So you don't have to have them that person Showing on screen like as they are with the products. It usually has weird fingers or things like that. But you can actually show take cuts from other videos as if it was that person, or they're telling the story of, you know, three or four different creators, and you're using those videos as a splice in

Unknown Speaker  19:07
question for both of you,

Speaker 6  19:09
Ian, start with you. I'll rank that so you don't think so you're seeing ranking improvement based on completely AI generated content on SEO blocks,

Speaker 4  19:21
yeah, yeah. So you can drop in, like, very low volume keywords, and it'll create a very long, detailed article with custom images, Custom Tables, custom like, it's amazing what it puts together. I'm not saying that this is the ones that you want to send in your newsletter and, like, post on LinkedIn, right? These are just to hit, like, the low hanging fruit. And then you should, you should, you know, obviously have a writer do, like, you know, high level stuff, so, but, and then they're backlink so everybody that signs up for this as they're writing articles for other blogs, and they're talking about influencer marketing, then they will tag join brands in an automated AI way, so you're getting, it's kind of like a backlink exchange. But as more people sign up, the it grows. Right? So, yeah, that's how you really hands off. And you just literally, like, if you're doing nothing, you might as well do something. And you saw the growth in a couple months, like, 12 months from now, it'll look completely

Speaker 2  20:08
different. Gotcha, I want to ask anybody in this room has something to level up things that they presented on so I know a lot of questions aren't like, anybody's doing this and then some, or is this the highest level of AI, Alex, Alex, Alex,

Speaker 4  20:25
we'll come back to you. Charles, all right, actually, all in the back of the room. Alex, raise his hand. Feel free to add something if you're doing something amazing. Share that.

Speaker 2  20:33
Yeah, hey. How many creators running doing this? And up are you doing it? All on one we can't see you. Hey, are you doing this all on one Tiktok creator account? Or do you have like,

Unknown Speaker  20:48
40 cancer accounts?

Speaker 1  20:52
That's a good question. We have multiple accounts, so let's think about like your audience is diverse as well, right? So we have various avatars that represent different aspects, that are different assets of

Speaker 5  21:06
value that our customers looking for. Are you buying those or starting them from scratch?

Speaker 1  21:10
That's a good question. We're considering buying them. We're starting with Scratch right now.

Speaker 2  21:14
Who here is buying them? I know I mentioned we got over there, Matt, we'll get to you after, Alex, you had something or no.

Speaker 7  21:23
Ron, I made just to level them up. I leveled up. Well, good stuff. Damon, that was awesome. That was great. I think I'll be discussing this later today. This could be something that you do in addition to many other things, right? So once you get to a level where you can start doing more and affording more, there's just so much to do, and I'll go over that. But what I really loved about this is you can start this like today, and invest very little. You don't need a ton of money, and you can get going. So I love it. I love it. I love it. I think this is a great way to start testing Tiktok for your product.

Speaker 4  22:06
Yeah, raise your hand real quick if you remember a tactic that you wish you lean more into when it first came out. Come on. I know everybody here like taking on Amazon. It's like, taking advantage when reviews are free, or taking advantage of many chat earlier take you know, like, this is a time to, like, lean into some of these things. Yes, it can take some your time, but the results can be massive. I mean, you know, I'm sure you're, you're starting to experience those things. You've had some wins, but, you know, it's gonna take time, but once you start to figure these things out, they can be multipliers to your business. And so, you know, taking advantage of these is where a lot of people see big wins in MDS, green, Matt, green, Max, I wanted,

Speaker 2  22:42
or max, or Matt, after I wanted, you can share your experience on the buying toss it to max Matt.

Speaker 8  22:48
So I hired, like a Gen Z employee that's, like, really into tick tock and knows how to use discord. And apparently you can buy these on these, like discord groups. They're about, like, two to 300 per account, and basically you're buying, like, already approved affiliate accounts. So you can then, like, post and tag product already and they already have followers. So just seemed like a good way to distribute it, rather than, you know, starting from scratch,

Speaker 2  23:18
Max, we're on Discord. Follow up talk directly into it cool. So, Matt, answer, we're on

Speaker 8  23:28
Discord. Um, so I don't even know how to use discord,

Unknown Speaker  23:34
but I hire a Gen Z employee.

Speaker 8  23:36
Yeah, there's like, these, like, creator groups for like, all these people are, like, trying to be tick tock affiliates. Apparently you can buy them in in those

Speaker 9  23:48
there's, there's one called always getting accounts that you can buy. That's what it's called on Discord, always getting accounts, yeah, looking at around 4000 numbers. One thing I wanted to ask Damon is kind of your last kind of call to action. You know, you said it's not anchored. One of the things that we've been playing around with and heard that is maybe a value add, is like, if you're able to make the last, the last call to action, not be branded, but can be a keyword on Amazon. It could be a search, find, buy that's not branded, then Amazon will give you more ranking juice for that root keyword that makes sense. So, if so, if I include my my brand on there, then Amazon recognizes that it's a brand search, find, buy, and I'm not getting as much ranking juice for the root keyword, but if I want to get ranking juice for the root keyword, then I find another keyword that maybe I'm at the top already, that maybe it's not huge search volume, but has my root and I'm already dominating. Yeah, that that then I get some some ranking juice for for that route. But question to you, Damon, is kind of, what? What are you doing towards the end?

Speaker 1  25:10
Yeah, that's a really amazing observation. And so what we do is we use the video scripts as sort of seed what we want them to search for, either an ingredient, a differentiator of the product, or some sort of value that they're looking for. And then we never talk about the brand explicitly, but we will, like, show the product, because we have a very distinct label, we'll show the product and and that, like, sort of connects the dots for the searcher, right? Like, oh, that's the color combo I'm looking for. That's the shape of the bottle I'm looking for, whatever. So then, then they're able to make that connection. We don't do branded anything for compliance reasons. Cool.

Speaker 4  25:54
But to say one thing real quick, just like this stuff, you know, it looks easy. Way of saying you're going to try it. It's not going to be as easy as it looks. Let me put it that way. It that way. So give yourself some time to get it going. Don't be discouraged. Tick tock. And these social media platforms, like what I see on Joy brands and all the things that they're experiencing, like, it takes a lot of shots at goal to get a viral video. So you're not going to get a viral video on your first shot or the second shot, and most likely not your third so it's going to take time. And what he's saying, you know, what we're talking about is like duplicating that effort in an automated way across multiple accounts as you scale this thing up. But, you know, owning that audience, building awareness for your brand has shown through the trend report to be really important for you guys to scale your businesses and get more, you know, eyeballs and when people are ready to buy, they're thinking about what they saw.

Speaker 2  26:39
Hey, last, last question, yeah, make it quick, please. Thank you.

Speaker 10  26:42
Yes. So we have started to play around a little bit with posting AI videos on Tiktok, but what we have seen is that they get extremely low views these videos, and also some of them are getting flagged by Tiktok. So I guess my question is like, is it something in particular need to think about when you are posting AI content compared to like regular videos.

Speaker 1  27:07
Yeah, another great question, another challenge that we're also navigating in real time, I would say a third of my videos get flagged and taken down as AI, and we've tried everything, like self declaring this AI or not adding in green screens or not adding in a second AI avatar to sort of comment on an original AI video. It's crazy. The rules are always changing. You just gotta a b t always be testing, right? If that's it, just iterations and permutations over and over.

Speaker 2  27:40
Then you a new one. ABL, now, abt, abt, abt, abt, you got anything else? Thank you guys. It's a great way to start off. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai