Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, everybody, sad to be here. My first time in Milan. I've done a lot of places, but never here. So it's nice today. Kat lean and I are going to talk about just building the killer team at Mary. Bruce have about 245 employees today. In my part of the org, there's about 50. It's nice to do the presentation with Kat. She's my best employee, so good. To show you a little bit about what an A player looks like today, we do things a little bit different. I'm probably gonna get in trouble, but we like questions in between interactive. So if you have a question, feel free to raise your hand or call it out just a little bit about the company. We're from, Mary ruse. If you don't know us, we sell vitamins and supplements. The company's a bit big. We'll do about 600 million this year. So you know, it's growing and growing fast. I've been with the company about seven years. I primarily oversee all e com revenue, which is still about 80% for us, retail growing fast, also all the marketing functions and the analytics I see oversee about 50 across that org today. And fun fact about me is I'm fueled by just Red Bull and McDonald's every every day. So okay, Kat,

Speaker 2  01:16
yeah, so I'm Catalina. I'm a new member for MDS. Super excited to be here. Like Jay said, I have been with Mary was for about two and a half years. I didn't do anything that I do now. I used to do CRM now do a lot more on Amazon and Tiktok shop. So it's been really exciting. But yeah, I've not fueled by Red Bull, just fueled by my water bottle.

Speaker 1  01:41
So we have a few phases here. I think, you know, first phase is, you know, starts with hiring the right people, right? I think, you know, for us, that's been the biggest thing for how we've sort of grown. It's like we got a lot of doers, a lot of a players. And I would say, you know, the company has very low tolerance for B players, really, right? Because they slow a players down. So I think, you know, the resume is only the start, but it's really about the behavior of people. Can they, you know, be a go getter? Can they get stuff done? I would take Catalina the definition of that. She started like she said in CRM. Should she just manage our email and SMS? Was like her starting job. And today, she manages our $300 million Amazon business, and she built our Tiktok shop from zero to 65 million this year. So knowing nothing about either one of those things, in just the short time she's been with us, she's built both of those. A players don't just work hard, right? They work outcomes Right. Like, you know, anybody can come in and do the job every day. You know the one that you write down, the one you have SOPs for, but it's really like, where do they go and find what's next, right? Like, what's the extra elbow grease? Everyone can set up their Tiktok bot to reach out to 1000 affiliates every day. But how do you go and find, like, great creators that are gonna drive revenue? That's a little bit of the secret sauce, right? So you really gotta hire for people that are gonna go and take the next step. I think another big piece is they really strengthen culture, right? Like a lot of people pitch culture, but you really have to have people that are just no ego, willing to go get stuff done. I always say this to the team, but, you know, it's like Tyson's favorite quote, everyone has a plan, and so they get punched in the mouth. Like most of you know this, but you know, in business, every day you get punched in the mouth, right? Something doesn't go you it doesn't go your way, and you really got to try to figure it out. And I think, like, the best players really

Speaker 2  03:27
know how to do that, yeah. So to piggyback off what Jay said, I really liked this image when we were putting this deck together, and when Jay said we were talking about this, because, like he said, I had no experience in Tiktok, no experience in Amazon. And I really just think it comes down to those soft skills. And so when you're looking to hire a players, I think when you think about Mary Ruth's, it even comes down to the brand. So when you see these brands, like Apple, Coca Cola, Google, like, they already have this impression of the type of people they're looking for. So I think everyone here, whether you're a founder or you lead some sort of team, kind of thinking about that, like, what are you showing? Like, showing up for your team, showing up for others outside of the organization, to make sure that those eight players are coming to your door as well. It makes the hiring process a lot easier. I think this next point with storytelling. Mary roots, our founder, does a really good job with this, because we meet, she meets with the whole team every single month. We do this all staff. She's always talking about her why, why she started the business, why she wants supplements to be in every household. So it just helps reinforce and encourage that mission across the entire org, and then just that clarity. So even down to the job description, making sure that you're filtering out even some candidates, like, if this job is in a nine to five like say that in the job description, I think that helps just weed out the candidates that are just there to kind of get a paycheck. I think from my own experience, like coming onto a team and getting the opportunity to do Tiktok shop, getting to do Amazon, and not having that experience is what keeps me motivated and keeps me wanting to come back. So I think just looking into. Internal teams, not necessary for what they've done pen and paper, but just how those soft skills that they have and that they bring to the table says a lot about the type of job that they can and will probably do for you,

Speaker 1  05:12
for sure, I think here just sort of what our like interview playbook is, right? I think like past pace shows future velocity, right? So you really want to ask about, like, what they've thrived in, what they built? I think that's always a question I'm always asking. And I think the absolute best players have a good amount of self awareness, right? Like the absolute killers, they know what they don't know, and they're not afraid to admit that. I think that's also something I'm always looking for, right? Like, even when I handed Tiktok to Catalina, and no one on the team wanted it, like, she was like, Hey, I don't know anything about this, and that's okay, as long as you okay, as long as you're willing to learn and sort of figure it out as you go. I think that's like a key skill everyone needs. I think it's, it's a difficult one, so something you got to coach sometimes, but at least a little bit of self awareness when you're hiring is one of the most important things I always look for. And then again, you know, I think this one's always critical, but just ownership, right? Can they own a task and just deliver on the outcome, not just doing the everyday work?

Speaker 2  06:05
I think to add to that too, we added one of our favorite interview questions. I think a lot of times, when you come and you sit down as a leader, hiring for somebody, just having certain questions to really weed out. Like, are people talkers? Are they doers? Like, what type of things are they saying when they're speaking to you? I think those are really great ways. I know there's some companies that'll do 10 different interviews. They'll do projects. I think if you cut it down just figuring out, you know, with the resume, there's a lot of different things. We just put this chart here too, but just looking just past those credentials, right? So like those soft skills and I think having those one on one conversations really helped to unlock that, because I know, personally, I've done interviews, and someone on paper looks really great. They can't keep a conversation going. They don't really ask a lot of follow up questions. It's more of they're confident, but it's kind of a two way street. I know there's that saying we're like, we're interviewing you, but I also want the candidate to interview us. I want there to be thoughtful questions. And so if you feel like the candidates not really invested, I think that kind of can tell you right from the beginning, like this person, yeah, they're very confident, but they don't they're not as interested in your brand. And so that's something that I've noticed too, where if I have two really good candidates on paper, I'd probably pick the one that has the better follow through question. They they seem intrigued. They know what they're talking about. It's not just a we thing, but more. This is how I drove certain deliverables. And sometimes those sample projects are helpful to kind of help you see, like, do they talk really well? And can they also do what they say that they're they're saying that they can do.

Speaker 1  07:39
I think as you get bigger and you're hiring for some of the like, key roles, you know, hiring is also selling, right? Like the top people have a lot of options, right? You know, the job market is pretty big, right? Now, a lot of people are looking for jobs. But I think the top talent, you know, I've got to fend off five offers every month that Catalina is getting, you know, you know, quite, quite difficult. So I think, you know, when you're hiring, you got to sell the business a little bit too, right? What's the vision, what's the goal, what's the future for them, right? Something, even for my team today, is just everything we're working on is, how does the business grow? But how does it also help them grow and grow their careers? I think you really, you know, you got to be clear about what the vision is and where you're going, because I think for a lot of the top talent, that's important, right? People want to know if the business is going to exit one day, if the plans are running forever, you know, things like that. I would say the number one place that we get talent today is referral. Right? I always ask most of my best players, do you have someone we can hire, and would you bet their your job on them? Usually that gets just good referrals almost every single time, and that's how we built most of our team today is mostly referral based. Very rarely do we have to post like an outside job. And when we do, you know, we use some of the interview questions we said.

Speaker 2  08:53
So phase two, incentivizing eight players. So I know it's like something funny, it's not just a pizza party, but I really think money is great, but there's so many other ways that you can incentivize people to feel good. I think, like Jay talked about earlier, culture is a big thing, you know, you really want I put some examples. This is from my own slack, sending out to not just my direct report. So I when I started like I said, I did CRM, it was just myself. I now have a team of 15 people. And so it's really a way of going out of your way to go and make sure that those people feel highlighted, especially highlighting your your direct managers, their direct reports. So Jay does a good job of that too. He reaches out to my direct reports and says, Hey, Kat, told me about this job that you did. This was a success like thank you so much. It just shows that there's, like, this feedback loop going up to leadership, and it's going down to your direct reports as well. And so I think that just kind of helps affirm, again, that culture of, you know, no one's taking credit. We're all a team here. And so, you know, I just put please don't use chat GBT, but I really think it's just a really great way to highlight, you know, people who maybe are. Aren't in the front lines. They're more in the back end, but they're still super important. And it really, really does go a long way. It reaffirms, you know, that mission, asking them about their weekend. I try to have one on ones with all my direct reports every single week. I feel like that was something shocking for Jay and I that some teams don't even meet with their team a lot. They just expect that they're doing well. You know, we do one on ones. We have structured agendas to make sure that they know it's their time to come with us with any questions, any problems, because we that's kind of our roles, right? We're not so much in the weeds anymore. It's more of, how can we remove these roadblocks to make sure that they're thriving? And I think that says a lot more of the culture we're trying to build where, again, like, yeah, money's really great. But I think there's this whole different, you know, sphere of things that really drives people. And when you have these conversations, you start to figure out, like, what's that balance? What do they like? Words of affirmation, like, we like money? Do they want promotions? Like, what is it the things that really drive them? And so here we just put some examples. I liked the first one specifically, just because this was something recent, from just feedback that we started getting was like our customer support team. We would call them cus, our customer service team. And they've now tried to turn it into, like, wellness guides, which I think just goes again into this aspect of what Mary Ruth is, what her brand, the mission, you know, we really want people to feel educated and empowered when they come to our brand. And so that was a really great way. I think these are just different use cases. I won't go through all of them, but even this bottom one, you know, we found our copywriter, she was had an education background, and so how could we tap into her more? So I think there's just different ways. Again, that money is not the only way that you can tap into your talent and make them feel special. Make them feel excited about new product launches, blogs, you know, email campaigns like, how do we want to launch this products that you have experience in that area? So, yeah, these are just different examples, but those are the two I wanted to call out specifically

Speaker 1  11:57
awesome. I think this is something that took me a long time to learn. But, you know, I think feedback is fuel for eight players, right? You really have to give them, you know, both positive and constructive feedback. Yeah, I think if you're just silently like, hey, everything's good, or everything's, you know, all right, they don't feel like they're growing, right? So I think you need to use for us, you know, we have a little bit of a tight one on one framework, but we're always analyzing, like, the work they did, and was it impactful, and did it drive the business forward? And I think that's really helped me give, like, some more critical feedback at times, but also for them to see, like, how their work is affecting the business and moving it on. You know, I think for me, it just took a long time to figure out how to like coach people appropriately, right? Like, when things weren't that great. I'm a doer, so I would just sort of go and solve it for people. But really, people want to learn like what they didn't do great, especially the best players, and like how they can level up and be better. And so just, it just took me a long time to really figure that out and give that feedback in, like, a constructive way. That's like, Hey, I got your back, but also you could be doing, you know, X, Y and Z a bit better. So, a players, they want money for sure, so do I, but I think they want meaning, right? It's really about the vision comp tells them that they're worth it, right? But recognition really tells them that they matter, right? And so, if I Catalina was explaining, you got to do a little bit of both, I think, right, like, it's not enough to do just one. I think, you know, you got to give them a little bit of visibility, a little bit of praise, and a little bit of ownership. And I think those like, sort of the secret sauce that really gets motivated,

Speaker 2  13:39
accountability is a loyalty strategy. So I think this is something that Jay and I, we talk about all the time, because I'm like, if B players are not held accountable, it doesn't make a players want to be better. I feel like, for myself specifically, it's, you know, he has a deadline. Everything. Every director has to have something due, but a certain director doesn't do it on the certain deadline, but there's no repercussions, then it almost gives this idea of the deadlines don't really matter. And if there's no accountability and there's no reason for making sure things get done on time, you kind of feel this need of, I don't really think it matters. I don't think I need to be delivering at the time that he's saying. So I think it definitely is something that we've we harp on a lot, but to phase three, this is kind of our final wrap up of growing and developing a plus talent. Yeah, a players don't say for comfort. So, like Jay said, especially with Tiktok shop, I think it's a shiny object. When we really took Tiktok seriously, we were doing around like probably 20k a month. Within 30 days, he did a million, and now we do around 4 million a month. Obviously, a lot of brands were like, Oh my gosh. Mary says so well, like, we want the people that are doing that. So how Jay was saying, I get a lot of job offers all the time, but the challenge that he's given me and the opportunities he's given me is something that keeps me wanting to stay under his leadership. And I think that some. Every founder here, every leader here, can take into account where, like, if somebody's showing that they want more and they want to learn, and like, especially when he was talking about just failing, like, I remember there was a project where I was like, Hey, I think we should do this on Tiktok. He's like, let's do it. Didn't do well. He didn't reprimand me. It wasn't something where it was like, Hey, I told you this wasn't gonna go well. It was a learning experience. And so I think all those things of giving me the autonomy to be able to run a channel, make mistakes, learn from it, iterate quickly, continue moving. Hey, I feel like we need a community manager. It's getting like the discord is getting a little bigger. Then it's like, hey, let's get the job posting, like, little things like that, where it's like, hey, we want to continue to grow. I think really helps to make sure that not only are you not staying comfortable, but we're continuing to challenge ourselves, like we want to launch Tiktok UK. That's another challenge, like we continue to grow and push ourselves. And so when you see that there's like a climb, you see that there's a vision, you see that there's like a place for you to keep growing. It really helps with just you feeling, you know, excited and you know, promotions, we know that's not going to happen all the time, but even growing within your own team, like, there's players that, like he said, I worked with at past agencies that I brought on, being able to deliver for them, give them promotions, is really exciting as well. And so just having this big culture of, you know, if I go, like, to the last point, if I go all in, like, where is this going to take me, it's like, I've given everything to the company. It's gotten me to where I'm at now. And so it just continues this, like flywheel of, let's continue pushing, and so that you can continue growing and doing good.

Speaker 1  16:31
So at Mary, you know, I always like to say, we love to wing it, and it's like our bread and butter. But I do think, you know, a few, few areas, we like to keep a little bit of framework, a little bit of systems. And I would say here, like, especially around growth and talent and just staying connected is the big one. So just some things that we do that have just worked so well for us. I do a weekly one on one with every director that I have today, and they do similar, like Catalina said for their teams, really, the one on one is just like, what are the roadblocks that are in your way that I personally can solve? Right? It's not like a, hey, this thing's going too slow, or Amazon won't respond to me. You know, if you have escalation tools, there's not a lot for me to help with that. But, you know, hey, creative won't get back to me, or supply chain won't respond to me. You know, those are things I can solve. Or, you know, I'm not sure what to do with this. You know, the one on ones are really about, like, how do I remove roadblocks for directors to do their best work, and then I have most of the directors do some type of weekly PPP, right? Progress, problems, priorities, right? So what we got done this week, what I need to move out of your way, and what are we going to do next week, right? And just that little bit every week is really what keeps us informed. I think, outside of that, you know, we try to do, like, quarterly retreats with the directors to really get together on, like, what are the long term vision, what are we going to work on? You know, what's important for the business? And I think, you know, those have been really some of the key things. Another thing we do is we just do really frequent people review score cards. I think every business will have, like, a little bit different version that works for them. But for us, we always do commercial communication, culture, and then, if you're a manager leadership, and we're just every quarter, we're rating the entire team on like, how do we feel they're performing in these areas, and the bar sort of always gets raised over time.

Speaker 2  18:07
So yeah. And just to add to that, I think again, just like seeing like your leader do these things, like, because Jay did the PvPs, it's like, hey, I want my team doing the PvP since Jay does weekly one on ones I want to do weekly one on one, so just like this mirror, and so we're always learning and looking to our leaders for direction. And so I encourage everyone here to do the same if there is something that you want to implement. And just having those touch bases with your team, it really helps them feel encouraged, so you can get that feedback. And it does really help, just like with performance. And I know a big thing from when Jay and I have talked to other brands is, like, remote work, I think is sometimes looked down upon. I feel like sometimes people want to be in the office. Our company's fully 100% remote, and I think a lot of this structure helps with just like, knowing that we're about results first. So I don't care if you're on a train, I don't care if you're at the beach, like, as long as the work's getting done, like we're all good. And I think that helps too, with a players knowing that there's that flexibility. So, yeah, I think that that's

Speaker 1  19:09
it's progress problem priorities. So what you got done last week, what you need, you know, your manager or me, to move out of the way, and then what you're doing next week, essentially, and you got to keep it light, right? You can have 10 priorities. Is, what are the three priorities for next

Speaker 2  19:24
week and then handling, you know, when it's not working? I think here's kind of the five, very rough, but I think you know, of course, at first, just address it early. I know it's uncomfortable, but I think having honest and transparent conversations just helps, so that they know where you stand. Every leader is different. What you know he wants from me and what I want from a direct report could be very different in terms of, like, what the deliverables might be. And so I think that that really helps just having those conversations early on, setting deadlines, making sure, you know, we use Asana a ton. I think it's really helpful to just know, like, Hey, I assigned you this task for. Visibility. You slack them. The link to the task, let me know if the deadline is good or not. And it just helps, kind of even giving you those timestamps as well, giving them a window for improvement. And if it's not working, you know, you kind of have to move on from that either that team member, put them into a different role, higher role above them, just to kind of protect that teens momentum. Because, know, like they say, like, one bad apple can just ruin the whole bunch. And so you really that's kind of your job as leaders, to make sure that you're removing that bad apple from the rest of the team, to make sure that that momentum, the excitement, you know, Mayor Bruce, we've grown so fast. And so our job is just to kind of make sure we're taking away all those distractions from the team. And then the culture, you want to make sure that you have great culture. Like we said, I think a great example is just leading by example. And so I feel like I'm a sponge with him, everything I've learned. And why I try to be a great leader is because I have a great leader to look up to. And so just really helps to show the rest of the team. You know, he meets with the way Mary Ruth meets with the whole team. He meets with the whole marketing team to kind of give us a directive of, like, where the team is going, not everyone again, because it's remote, we get the same visibility. He sends out weekly emails of how the entire team is doing, what's going on. And so I think just having that example really helps to give encouragement, building trust and transparency. Just being honest, hey, I'm going to a doctor's appointment. Hey, I'm doing this. You open that line of communication so that people don't feel like they need to hide things, and you're really about the results first, and then just making it fun. Like, you know, we do quarterly retreats, we get to go, like, I get to come to Milan, like, all these things really helps with those A players, to make them feel like there is something that they're working towards. They get visibility. They get exposure. And it just makes it fun, because at the end of the day, we're not doctors, we're just do marketing. And then Jay's favorite phrase is, winners, win. I can let him speak more on this, but it just basically comes down to everything, even products. Like, hey, I want to do this for like, our top 50 products. And he's like, don't even, like, just focus on the top 10, and that'll drive for the rest. And so that's helped. Just keep us and keep us and keep that momentum going. I think that goes same with your team when you know there's a winner, like just fully invest in them, and it'll pay you dividends in the end.

Speaker 1  22:13
Okay? And these are just our quick takeaways, really last slide here, you know, hire with intention, incentivize with meaning, grow with systems, right? I think that's what we always, always say. You got to hold the standards high, right? A players won't stay around if you let mediocrity flow for too long, right? So you really got to be clear about what you're building, where you're going, and holding people accountable. And then I think you know, just got to be transparent. What's the vision, how you're gonna get there, when's it gonna happen? That's it cool. Any questions?

Speaker 3  22:51
Thank you. Great presentation. Are your retreats just for leadership, or do you have retreats for the entire workforce?

Speaker 1  22:59
So we have, we have a big org now about, I would say it's about 245, right now. So we do do, like an all company retreat. But once every few years, I do a quarterly retreat with my directors. I have about nine direct reports, so I do that quarterly. And then the executive team, which is about six people, C suites, they also do a quarterly retreat. So it's a little bit of a mix. I would say for most of the team, they don't, there isn't a retreat for

Speaker 4  23:24
them when it comes to hiring. What do you think most e comm entrepreneurs get wrong?

Speaker 1  23:32
I think they usually lean for the cheapest talent, which I don't think is always the best, right? I think you want, you know, you need someone with hustle, and generally, I think the ROI on talent is better than almost anything else you're gonna spend money on.

Speaker 5  23:45
Thank you for the presentation. Mary Ruth is one of the brand I'm really admired questions, because the topic is about hiring the A players, but you guys also say about the B player, because I think a player is really hard to find. I'm curious, do you also accept the B player also for the other position, or the A players only for the senior. Are you always looking for a players or in all the position?

Speaker 2  24:08
I mean, I think, selfishly, we want all A players, but I think there is a need for certain B players where it's more of the in the weeds. You know, hey, we need tick tock messages responded. We need these templates done, like more of the day to day, there's not a lot of growth. And so some positions like that, usually the junior ones is where you see the B players. But I think when you're hiring for even B players, there can be an opportunity to see if you can grow them. But like Jay said, I think a lot of our success has come from just like referrals, to be honest. So like just working with people that we know that's been really helpful. So tapping into your network sometimes really helps to just figure out, like, hey, we need somebody for this. And I think, like, my right hand on tick tock, she was actually an AE at an agency, and so I remember having the conversation with Jay, and he's like, Are you sure about her? Like, she doesn't have, you know, really, any marketplace experience. And I'm like, her attention to detail is great. She's very organized, like, I think she can plug and play. And so there's certain qualities that you can look for that may be necessarily on pen and paper. They don't make sense, but if they have those soft skills, it can, it can really help.

Speaker 6  25:12
Good question about Asana real quick. So you probably have, like, hundreds of employees, right? 1000s of Asana boards for a leadership team. Do you have a view that kind of rolls up to say, like, Hey, is Is it tracking keep people accountable? What does your asana look like? Or do you just leave it up to just have projects be open with individuals? Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:30
I mean, I think as a leader, right? Like, I'm not the founder, right? I'm just an operator at the business, and so, you know, I get to oversee a good portion of the business. But finally, me, I don't love Asana, right? Like, my whole team loves it. It's great for them. I don't get my updates from them in Asana, and I think that's okay they they're working all the day to day tasks like that. I get mine in the PPP updates, right? That's what works for me. That's like, my way to visualize the best, the way I can move roadblocks out their way. And so I think, as a leader, if you want to get a huge brief of, like, what's happening in sauna, and that works for you, that's great, but I wouldn't try to, like, force it to happen, right? Like, you really need to lean on your middle management to be like, are the tasks getting done? And roll that up to you, just something that's like, a little bit more digestible. I think, especially as you get bigger, it's just too hard to see everything happening in Asana. As, like, you know, a C level leader, yeah,

Speaker 4  26:18
for your new tasks, do you usually give it to somebody, like an A player that already exists in a corporation, or you hire, let's say I want to start wholesale or retail, and I've never done it in my company. Should I get an A player and move them here, because I know they can handle almost everything, or should they hire somebody try to find a player outside?

Speaker 1  26:40
I mean, I think, I think it depends what it is like. I'm, I'm very big on just hiring for hustle and grit, right? Like, Catalina didn't know anything about two shops, and I just gave it to her because she, she was the biggest hustler I had at the time. I think there's some positions where you need a prone position, right? You can't hire, you can't learn to be head of retail sales, right? You need, you need to hire a pro position in that role. You know, it's a little bit about who you know. So I think it depends a little bit. But I always say, like, you know, it's the three Ds, right? You need somebody, whoever's going to be in charge at the top, even if they're not doing it every day. Like, they need to do the job first, then they need to document it, then they need to delegate it, right? So, like, you really, if your a player is going to be the guy leading it, he's got to do it at least once, you know, before he I dabbled a little bit. Yeah, if you have a, if you have a killer, and it's something you can think, you can hand off. You can, in this case, there's, there was nobody to get that would know how to do it, right? So I think it depends a little bit.

Speaker 7  27:36
Do you have a progression framework in place for your team? So is there a formal document where they have an understanding of how they can grow from a compensation perspective and also from in their roles.

Speaker 2  27:48
Yeah, I can speak on this, and Jay, love your take, but yeah, we have levels actually. So like level 123455, is like C suite. And so we have job descriptions for each pod, almost. So for example, my CRM team, they know you come in as coordinator, then it's specialist, and it's manager, then director, and it tells you all your job description, like, what to expect, what you need to be doing, how long you should be in the role, to just give them that visibility, especially when it's like review time, that has really helped us, not so much,

Speaker 1  28:17
because I think it depends a little bit, right? Like, not everybody who's a specialist gets the same exact salary depends. Like, years of experience and like, what you're doing, this is something we're sort of just building this year. That's, like, the most important thing to me. You know, again, I care about making the business money and myself button, but, like, I really care about taking care of my team. I think something that's been difficult for us over time is, like, you don't want people to not know what's going to happen to them next, right? If you have, like, a January race season, like, people should know if they're going to get promoted or if they're going to get a raise. Like they should feel good, they should feel the energy, right? And if they're not, like, you didn't do a good job coaching them or telling them or giving them feedback, right? So, like, for us, we we've tried to make it clear, like, if you're a level one, here's what you need to do to get to level two. And then, you know, Catalina is telling people, Hey, you're on the way, you're doing great, or they're not right, and they need to reassess. So salary, not so much, but, you know, HR is very strict, especially as you get bigger, so it's a little tough, but we definitely try to make it clear, like, Are you doing well? Are you gonna get promoted? Are you gonna get a raise? We want that to be very

Speaker 8  29:14
obvious. Yeah. Hello, yeah. Thank you both. Kat lean, I have a question for you. So coming from CRM, and then now, like, taking over all of Amazon and Tiktok, maybe soft says a huge Well, you said you have 15 people on your team. How do you structure your team? Where do you put, like, the best players on your team, and then not have any Amazon Tiktok experience before? And how do you figure out that's the structure your team needed? Yeah, good question.

Speaker 2  29:39
So I kind of run them, like pods, almost. And so I had, like, my CRM, like, retention pod, Amazon, Tiktok shop, and then I do the other marketplaces, with walmart.com, I kind of have, like a right hand for each one, really looking for those skills, like attention to detail, organization. That's kind of where the asana, like, I kind of I sign out and I kind of let them. To kind of sink or swim, in a sense, to figure out. Like, I guess even for Tiktok, it was, you know, again, to Jay's culture that he's built, it's very much, it's okay to fail. Let's just figure out what we're learning and iterate pretty fast. So even with Tiktok, as we were growing it, there was a lot of mistakes that we made, but we were able to fix them pretty quickly. And I think to Jay's point on the last question, like, because I've done everything, I know how long things take. I know, like, you know, if you're BS ing on, like, hey, this task took me two hours, but I know it took you five minutes. Like, it really helps because, like, knowledge is power. So to me is, like, I want to be able to do everything so that I understand, like, how long things take for certain teams, especially when I'm trying to empower the managers, because I'm not so much in the weeds now, but I can understand, like, hey, if someone's having an issue on the dot coms, for example, it's like, Oh, what was it that they're having an issue with? Like, how long are they saying things are taking? Let's start, like, in your agenda, with your one on ones. How can we figure out, like, what's going on to help them and, like, fix the roadblocks, kind of like, how Jay does but yeah, I mean, I think a lot of is just like, being curious. Like, have time, like, I don't even know what I'm doing. I'm just like, here, like trying to figure things out all the time. But I think that's what makes it good, right? Is you're always curious. You're always wanting to do better. Like, we like to win. So it's always just like, how can we keep pushing? How can we keep learning? And really, it's credit to the team as well. Like I said, I think out of the 15 people, I have probably, like, five or six or referrals. And so I have that trust already. I have that, you know, accountability with them. We have that flexibility. And so it helps me even be able to come to these events and do different things, because I have a team that has structure, has, you know, and I think that's the big thing with Tiktok, was there was no structure. So I kind of came in, created SOPs, built the structure. So that way, when we go off and we, you know, have a fire somewhere. Everything else is still in process. So you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai