Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, how you guys feeling? Everybody alive, everybody's caffeinated, sugar, looking good.

Speaker 2  00:12
More you access, hey, Eugene is looking for you.

Speaker 1  00:18
Another shirt. What number is that? I don't know if I run the contest, all right, so why storytelling is the high, highest ROI skill you can master on Amazon in 2025 My name is Kyle armor. I actually built my first computer when I was 11 years old in 1999 and then just kind of tinkered away on computers forever so but most notably in 2010 to 2015 I was a CEO and founder of lead artists, a small marketing agency, solopreneur, scaled it to like, I don't know I was making like 150k a year just myself. But eventually, in 2016 caught wind of crypto through a good friend of mine, pretty much invested everything I had into crypto, yep, at that time. So made, made again two weeks, I think it had doubled and then tripled, and I had made more money doing that than anything in my life. So I was like, What is this? I had no clue of stocks, really, or anything so, so I quickly, kind of like pivoted my whole marketing business towards crypto companies, helping with community management, writing white papers, making decks, websites like whatever people wanted to have done that I then did through 2023 during that period, raised upwards of $200 million or close to $200 million less than that, but, and most notably was part of the founding team of hedera hash graph, which is also they have a token called H bar we had, which is like top I think it's like number 17 on coin market cap. So we raised 124 million for that project in 2018 and then I see owed it in 2019 I also live in Puerto Rico now, because they have some good text treatment there. Excuse me. And then I also post that took a blockchain holding company public with Kevin O'Leary and another partner we owned nft.com and a suite of other blockchain related companies that ended up not going so well. So I do have some crypto failures, as well as many people I'm sure also do, but after that, I kind of wanted to do something that I was a lot more passionate about. And I ended ended up starting what is called formulation factory on my hat. Maybe you guys have seen that. So we launched in our first product, which was a testosterone booster called self obsessed in April 2024 so we're 16 months in business. Within 12 months, we had achieved 10 million Arr, which is pretty, pretty good, I guess. I don't know if people told me that's good. And then, yeah, we have like the third highest grossing testosterone booster on Amazon, doing like 13 million a year, roughly 20% margins with 15 employees. So show of hands. How many sellers do we have in here? It's like, everybody, almost everybody. Well, it's a lot of hands. And how many have been selling? Let's just skip one year, like three years or more, five years or more, 10 years or more. Okay, okay, that's good. That's good data to have. Who currently uses storytelling in their marketing? Couple, yeah, like maybe 10% of those hands. And how many of you use storytelling on Amazon? Of that group, 123, yeah, four or five. Okay, cool. So we'll get into some more about that. So I think you guys made some of you guys probably already know this study, but it's like a really powerful story or study to be reminded of, which was in 2009 the study is called significant objects. Like some guys basically bought 100 thrift store items for basically $1 a piece listed them on eBay. But they add they hired story writers for each item, and they ended up selling those for over $8,000

Speaker 1  04:13
total after 129 originally. So that's a 6,100% ROI. The value didn't come from improving the product, but from improving the story and connecting with a prospective customer, right, a buyer. So obviously that was 2009 which is a very different world then. But if a story could 60x junk back then, imagine its power today, now, in an overcrowded AI landscape, this is everybody. So we've kind of seen a bunch of this. Eugene did a great job this morning, kind of catching us up on the trend of where we are. You guys probably all know this. Ai noise, kind of crazy. Consumer skepticism is continuing to grow. Ads are getting more expensive. Marketplaces are crowded, shrinking attention. And spans you've got about what two seconds to hook somebody on your video, or whatever it is. It's pretty hard. But this last one is really interesting. I'll dive a little bit more into this. But identity driven purchases. So I believe that, like as AI, continues to, you know, take over, the internet becomes a more and more robotic and kind of dull place, so people are starting to like, want to purchase and become something through that purchase, right? So that's a big thing to think about. But what builds brands? We're gonna go into that which is a story and brand, I think, kind of run very parallel. This is actually from Gary Vaynerchuk. Gary Vaynerchuk. Gary Vaynerchuk has been preaching this for, I don't know, probably a decade or longer. But transparency, authenticity, so behind the scenes, truth, how much can you show about your your product, your company, what you're doing and authenticity? How real can you be? Can you admit your mistakes on camera, or do you hide all your mistakes? Do you are you raw? Are you real? I think the founder of GymShark does a really good job of this. He's always posting, always like showing behind the scenes. That's a huge thing of how they've been so successful. But the three stories that I believe really matter are your founder, your transformation and your lifestyle stories. So your founder story is why you're doing what you're doing. Why did you start a business? What's the whole point of it? You know, the problem you were solving, the journey behind your brand, whatever it is, and even if it's not, like, something super transformational, but like, you still were, like, I needed to pay my bills or something, right? And a lot of people got bills to pay. So you can resonate with anyone through the founder story on transformation before and after. You probably get that. I'm again in the supplement business, so we have a lot of before and afters. But you know where your customer starts and where they end up after using your product? It's the pain to glory arc or the hero's journey. If you guys are familiar with Joseph Campbell's work, the hero's journey is kind of like, you know, Star Wars or the matrix, or Harry Potter, all of these movies kind of follow this, you know, traditional kind of pattern to really emphasize the emotional connection that a human being has with that lifestyle. This is my identity, who I am, what your product represents, the tribe, the identity, the belonging signals. I actually recently did a little selfie video on my Instagram, which is about the like human fragility around identity, and the story that I shared was actually a pilot. He was a pilot for 30 plus years, had three kids, beautiful wife, whatever. He lost his job, his the airline that he worked for got acquired, rolled up, and he did not get brought with. So he was in a tough spot, and he needed to still work. He still had bills to pay, and after about three years of applying trying to get a new job as a pilot, he actually took his life. It's a very sad story, but I think it really shows how important identity is in a human being's existence. And you can do lifestyle stories and a lifestyle brand that gets people to be a part of you, a part of you, and it's their identity, their livelihood, that is now connected to your brand. So now we're going to dive into a little bit of neurochemistry. Sorry, there's a lot of text on this, but when you're telling story, it's way different than leading with product features. Product features go into your the front of your brain, prefrontal cortex. That's like basically everything in your front of your brain you're trying to forget your brain is just trying to make new space, right? But when you lead with story, you have different neurotransmitters that fire. So some of these, oxytocin, the trust connection, empathy. This fires in the limbic system, triggered by relatable founder stories, vulnerability, shared struggle, purpose. It bonds us to the storyteller. Right? Customers care about you, and they see themselves in your journey. So again, even if you have, if you're just selling products like that or whatever, think back to the significant object study that I showed, and also that there's a lot of ways to resonate with someone, right? So dopamine, anticipation, excitement, reward. We don't need to go into all this, but triggered by cliffhangers, transformation promises, visualizing a better future for themselves, right? They have a desired outcome that they're trying to achieve. There's the solution, right? This creates craving. Customers want what's next with your product as a reward. This gets them to be like on the edge of their seat, right? They're getting closer to committing to a purchase, right? And then cortisol, stress, urgency, pain, many times. This is like phone. Mo, like urgency with countdown timers, or like things like that, highlights the problem even more, sharpens attention and discomfort, pushing them towards change. Couple more. Sorry, I know it's a lot serotonin, endorphins, adrenaline. Adrenaline really is your big, your big FOMO moment, but serotonin is status, respect, belonging, again in the prefrontal cortex, triggered by aspirational identity. So like, people want to become something new, social proof, testimonials, hopefully everybody does like UGC, stuff, join brands, et cetera. Can be one element of that that elevates the buyer, and by purchasing, they gain status or identity, right? Endorphins, relief, humor, euphoria flow from the pituitary gland and the hypothalamus. That's humor, surprise, twist, emotional release and resolution, and that locks engagement and leaves a feel good anchor tied to your brand, and then the adrenaline again jolts the body into immediate action, the psychological push to buy, usually through high energy storytelling, countdown timers, dramatic language, bold visuals. So together, all of these things, if you can hit all these neurotransmitters in a small, small, you know, video or whatever content you do, you hit the sensory cortex, which is where we feel the words we hit, the hippocampus so we remember it gets solidified into the brain, and then the prefrontal cortex, again, is like our logic deciding part where we actually decide what to do, which is hopefully they buy our products, right? And then this is all neuro chemistry, and we're drugged into action, essentially. So this is a really cool thing. This is six word stories. Does anyone know six word stories? Or heard of this before? Nice? Nobody. Wow. Oh, one. Okay, cool. I actually was a DJ for like a decade, and I went to music school in LA and one of my teachers told us about this, and we were just talking about like, Yeah, we're good brothers here. So we looked at this just as like an art its own art form. So basically, what I want to do here is I got to preface this, everybody take a breath, because you're all caffeinated, and when you get really caffeinated, you tend to like connect a little less. Maybe you're a little like your your brain and heart, or maybe a little less coherent when you do that, when you drinking caffeine or sugar. So, but what these are, it's just six words, okay, and it's gonna evoke some, some kind of feeling. So I want to, I want to just see how you guys feel. You might need to read it once or twice, but take a breath if you want. I'm gonna let you guys read it, then I'll read it out loud.

Speaker 1  12:49
So it says, For Sale, baby shoes never worn. Does that strike a chord with anybody? Does that make you think about anything? Yeah, it's like, what? What happened? Was there a miscarriage? Was there a baby born and the baby died? Did something? Something happened, right? You feel it, right? Let's do another one.

Speaker 1  13:15
Right? We're lying in bed. She's lying. What's she lied about? She cheating? Is she doing something else? Like, who knows, right? But again, you feel this emotion, right? So, like, this is this same emotion? Is the emotion that we want our prospects to ultimately feel. So just think about how this is triggering parts of your brain right now that we just went over right? Last one, this is really six acronyms instead of six words, but, but if you don't know, THC is like marijuana. LSD is a very powerful hallucinogenic driving out of the influence CPR, dead on arrival. Rest in peace, right? This is like a whole journey of someone's life that obviously ended quite, quite badly. So, so yeah, your customers don't remember data. They don't remember product features. They remember drama. They're going to remember things like this, things that made them feel a certain way. So two examples of this. Did anybody watch Alex or Moses book launch? What two weekends ago. Yeah, a couple, yeah. So I had it on in the corner. It was a long, long thing, but all he did was tell stories. Like 95% of the whole thing was story. It was like almost zero tactical stuff. It was all before and afters of his portfolio companies. Or I did this, and I learned this, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's like, running you through all of these stories and telling you about all the pain that he suffered and how he conquered it. And this that boom, boom, boom. So it was a very like theatrical thing, frankly, from my perspective, he also had Tom. Bill, you anybody know Tom? Bill, you hopefully? Yeah, Tom. Bill, you built Quest Nutrition and had, like, you know, the first, like, kind of, like, sugar free protein bar, I guess. But also, does anyone know Fight Club? What's the first rule of fight club? Don't talk about fight club. So he had an adage. They took that and they said the first rule of quest marketing is, we do not talk about quest and I was like, that's the most interesting thing, because they, obviously, they heavily used influencers, and you just see creators to talk about it. But that was like, all they did. They didn't really market themselves at all. They just doubled down with creators influencers, and let them just consistently share their story. A couple others, Nike. You know, Nike is not a shoe company or a clothing company, either. They're about athletes pushing limits human potential. If you don't want to win, you've already lost, just do it. Apple, you know, Apple, creative rebellion. World changing. People think different. I think it's kind of changed a little bit since Steve Jobs is gone. But you know that Harley Davidson, rebellion, brotherhood, the open road, freedom, okay? Tesla Elon Musk is the story, right? It's not just about cars. You're about saving humanity and colonizing Mars, right? Customers feel like they're a part of the revolution. Liquid death. It's not just Canned Water, but it's the brand. Story is rebellion, punk rock, killing plastic pollution. They literally sell merch, like a band. I put Patagonia on here too, which is pretty funny, because this ad is like, not Mars, because he's like, pro Mars. They're pro Earth, you know. So they're, they're kind of taking a stab at Tesla, I think there. But, you know, we're in the business to save the planet. Story shows up in recycled fabrics, activism and tribe identity. So here's what I actually ended up doing on our listing. So this is the, technically, the second slide of our A plus content on on self obsessed. And I had a really, like, interesting story of why I created self obsessed, and it basically when I was 17. I'll paraphrase. You can read that, but I'll tell my own version. But when I was 17 years old, I was on an ATV, and I was in Northern Illinois, and I was going 65 miles an hour, drove it off a cliff that I was not aware was there, into an embankment. The embankment like bucked the ATV. I did two and a half flips in the air, landed on my head, shattered my helmet into a million pieces. Ambulance took 20 minutes to get there. They got there. They're like, Yeah, bring a helicopter. He is messed up. Brought the helicopter, took me to a hospital, stabilized me there, put me back on a helicopter to a better hospital, and then I was in the hospital for nine days. I had three bleeds in my brain, in the post biosection of my brain. Luckily, it didn't have to drill into my skull or anything, but it was, it was, it was not good. And then I did, like three years of behavioral, cognitive physical therapy after that. So like 1718, 1920, I was pretty much a complete mess. And what I found out was traumatic brain injury also can result in extreme like hormone imbalances. So when I was 1718, year old, I had extremely low levels of testosterone, sub 200 basically, which they the traditional healthcare system wasn't going to put me on TRT. It was just not a thing. So I basically just had to, like, either deal with it, try to be patient. And, you know, I ended up on Google Reddit and found all these different ingredients that ended up creating that product. And people read that story on my A plus, and I think that they resonate with it, which is why there's so much success with that product. This is a whole nother story, and this is interesting because I mentioned all those stories, but this is like slightly a more fabricated story, which you can also do. So this is called the heart of steel. Is anyone? Everybody's seen the Wizard of Oz? How many people seen the Wizard of Oz? Yeah, a lot of you. Does anyone know what the Tin Man represented in the Wizard of Oz? It's a lot of analogy and like hidden meaning in the Wizard of Oz. But one of the things that he represented was the dehumanization of the industrial age. So it was like, Henry Ford was rolling out the assembly line, and like, all of these workers just became like cogs in the wheel. They were just numbers in a system, basically. And like, there was just huge dehumanization aspect happening. And our brand formulation factory is also like, kind of anti the system, anti the matrix, anti establishment trying to bring humanity back to what it is. So we ended up coming up with this kind of story that, you know, talks about the Wizard of Oz and brings all this, obviously, that's AI generated, but pretty cool and people, again, can, like kind of bond to something beyond just the product. So I sell boring products. I kind of told you guys, don't forget significant objects. There's a bunch of ways to, obviously, add content into your bullets, your title, your A plus content storefronts, mine your reviews, right for Q and A's. You guys all know this stuff. I think packaging and unboxing another thing. How can we add a sticker? How can we add something that. That reinforces our brand, our story, to that so lots of ways. Obviously, I gotta also caveat. There are compliance issues with Amazon, of course, and what you can say, you're gonna have to figure that out, you're gonna have to run some abs, and you're gonna have to see what gets through and what doesn't. But we've done very well. Your storefront is kind of wide open at this point. And you could do a lot of storytelling in your in your storefront, your partner doesn't need a better bullet. Needs a better story. You guys get that. So four steps to start this week. Lead with story on your first image or module or bullet. Pick one of those three types that I went over, founder, transformation or lifestyle. Audit your current listings, fix where you see weak things, and then expand beyond Amazon. So your ads, your website, your socials, anything you're running online, should have story intertwined in it.

Speaker 1  20:52
So again, AI will mass produce content faster than ever. We're seeing that, but originality and authenticity become the ultimate ad edge. So winning brands are going to use AI for scale, but we still need to bring back humanity. So I think Ian, you know, he had his, his, like, AI videos that he had created, but it was like, like, who watches those? And you're like, oh God, the AI voices are so bad. Like, you know, that's going to get better. But, like, even just dubbing those over with your own, you know, your own voice, or things like that, is like such a mover on conversion. So personalization will shape stories to each customer. I think this is going to continue happening as well. We see that a lot where, you know, somebody maybe fills out a form, you get some information, and then that pushes them to a certain drip after that, right? That will also happen with story. And I think you'll end up having even us. We're thinking about like multiple stories for single products that we when we see customers come in, we deliver a certain aspect of that story based on who they are, but the foundation never changes. A real story, told well, repeated often, will win. So make them feel something worth remembering. The closing challenge is start start storytelling. So it doesn't need Hollywood budgets. It can be told in graphics, photos, one liners or video. You saw those six word stories. There's a lot of impact in just six words, right? There's really no excuse. So AI tools can make it easier than ever to scale with authenticity. Again, pick one of those pages. Pick a pick at one of the stories start small, but in a noisy marketplace, the brands that make people feel something will certainly win. And there's the hero's journey there too. So takeaways. Story is your edge on Amazon, specs and features get lost in the noise. Story is the one thing that cuts through and makes people feel something. Story drives trust and conversion because our brains are wired to buy on emotion first, storytelling taps dopamine, oxytocin and cortisol, turning browsers into believers. Start small, but start now. Pick one of those stereotypes, tonder, transformation lifestyle, embed it into a single bullet. Image A Plus module this week, and expand from there. I made this little value add, which is you can scan that goes to a Google Doc. There's multiple like tabs in the Google Talk Google Doc, which are like, basically just chat GPT prompts that will help you to at least start talking towards building things with the dopamine, cortisol and oxytocin focus so you can, you can get there. We recently, actually, while I was preparing for this, I was like, we should redo our bullets, and we ran our old bullets through PickFu versus the new story focused bullets and it was the audience picked 87% the story focused bullets that chat GPT generated. So I was like, Okay, that's good. We're gonna do that with all the products. So we're still making a lot of changes, but this is super important. So I did not know of intellivis, so we're gonna be checking that out. We're helping you out. Yep, cool, that's it for me. Thank you. Yep, good job. Nice shirt for you. Cool. Thank you. Yes, we appreciate

Speaker 2  24:12
it. I take some questions here. That was an awesome presentation. We do some storytelling, but not as much as I think you are, which is, I mean, definitely something that can, I can work on, just wondering, just I'm curious. I know, like, from everything you said, it sounds like storytelling really is like the way to go. Have you tried, like, AB testing, like you have any idea of like, the potential lift going from like more like dimensions of product information to like, a more storytelling based approach for like that your image stack and your A plus content.

Speaker 1  24:40
I personally don't, because I launched the first product, like, with the story already there. But you know, when I was working with when I was running lead artists, my other company that was a big part of our business then too, I don't know if I'm just, like, more of an emotional person, and I just feel like it's, like, super valuable to do that, but I don't really have too. Much data on that, but, I mean, it definitely is a massive mover, like, I mean, you should a be it for sure, it obviously depends on how good your story is, how succinct it is. We're getting into copywriting, and a lot of you know granular detail of how good you are at striking those chords with people. But you know, I think, I think the proof is just like, you know, neurochemistry, like, don't, you know, just look at how somebody's brain works, and you know that that's important, so serve it to them that way.

Speaker 3  25:32
I have a question, do you think there are cultural differences? So, um, for example, Germany versus us? Do you think the storytelling would work in Germany as well as we're usually more focused on technical things.

Speaker 1  25:47
Yeah, it was, actually, it was something I thought of when I was in the in Tel Aviv presentation, because obviously the data that he showed showed that in Germany there are more tactile, more engineer focused. And that makes sense. So absolutely, I think there's certain preferences, but we, you know, we all have near the same neurotransmitters, and we all really have the same brain. So we all enjoy, as far as I know, most cultures like movies and like stories and like connecting, and we're all humans. So yes, there's probably some slight difference of how you might want to express your story to different markets, but it's still something you should definitely be doing towards split testing. It's an interesting one.

Speaker 4  26:29
Yeah, the stories you tell, do they all come back to one brand, common theme?

Speaker 1  26:35
Yes, that is the ideal. Probably not as good as they could, but they should. You always want to think about it from your brand down, right? So your every product that you have pushes into one narrative, right? And you bring somebody along for that roller coaster ride and that journey. So yes, like heart of steel, for example, the one I mentioned is more of like a brand story, whereas self obsessed is a founder story, which, like, kind of pushes into why the brand is the way it is. Because the healthcare system kind of failed me. And I was kind of like, this is bullshit, basically, you know, so, so they all kind of like tie in together, yeah. Why do you recommend to use six bullets, not five, not 10. I don't have any preference on that. To be honest. I have no idea. Six seems good. Five probably fine. A be that for sure. Why six words? I don't, I don't. That's a good question. Why not five? Yeah, you know, I'm not sure. Not seven. Why not seven? I don't know.

Speaker 5  27:38
Yeah. So really good presentation that you so I've, I came into my brand feeling like the story and like emotion behind it was super important. So I, like, initially built my brand around partnering with the non profit and having that there was some personal interest, but it was mainly like marketing, like, I'm gonna build this brand around helping a non profit. So something similar to Tom's. So that was, like, my idea of good marketing going into building this brand. And then as I've kind of, like talked to more sellers and, like, gotten into the E comm space, more specifically Amazon, I've heard a lot talking about, like, how story on Amazon is not that important, and you just want to like, sell the product like people come to Amazon like, I want to buy X product, shopping around to like, feel emotions and be drawn in. I just want to get product for best price as quick as possible, most conveniently so your viewpoint, you shared. Like, excites me. I love it. It's very different from what I've actually been hearing a lot of so I'm curious. Like, if you've also experienced people and viewpoints on, like, the no story, no brand, no emotions. Just like, get the product as clear as possible. Yep. If you Yeah, what your viewpoint is on those two different size. Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:01
So I This pushes me towards, like, when you're a young entrepreneur, you generally want to start a business selling stuff to rich people. And this is, like, I always say, the Elon Musk Tesla Model. When Tesla started, they had the Roadster, which was like 160 to $200,000 car. And by selling that really expensive car, he was then to rich people, he was then able to come back to the mid market. He had the factories then, so he could come back to $100,000 car, $80,000 car, whatever, and then use the profits from that to then come to the mass market, right? And then he had all the factories already set up. He's like, cool, I can sell a $30,000 car now. So we've taken the same approach in having self obsessed is a $90 testosterone booster. I think it's the most expensive. It's not the most expensive, it's close. So it's a very expensive product. And I think when you set your price that high, you're also only going to appeal to customers who a have the money to buy that. And. B are a little bit more like thoughtful themselves, and they're like more curious consumers, and they're willing to they're willing to pay a premium to feel a certain way. It's the same thing with like Gucci and Louis Vuitton and all these guys like their products don't actually cost that much to make, but they sell the experience and the feeling and like that. You're in the club then, right? So if you're in the other side of Amazon, which is like, yeah, competing on price, then we got a different discussion, right? And it's going to be harder to slow somebody down, but, but our listings are very text heavy, and our prices are a little higher, so people come a little more calm to our page style. I Ibo.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai