Speaker 1  00:04
Good morning. So how $0 product drove a 4.7k day? So this is an e book that costs nothing and it costs nothing to the customer, and it drove a day that was the best selling day of our new company. So I remember since 2021 I'm 39 Brazilian, living in Portugal. My main business is the it's called or blue. We do 5 million a year with five members. It's mainly on Amazon. My new business is crochet tree. I do it with my wife. This way to a million dollars a year with five members, and it's 100% on Shopify. I'm an electrical engineer, started selling on Amazon back in Brazil in 2013 and my wife and I combined my E commerce experience with her artistic skills to grow our new DTC crochet brand. So this is was born from a passion. So my wife started crochet in 2019 and in 2020 she was able to create some basically art with crochet, and she started selling the patterns. People asked to her to teach them how to make them. And then she created patterns and started selling on Etsy. And then we created a website, and that's how the business was born. The insight came when, recently this year, our daughter needed help sleeping, and we she found this device on Instagram, and it promised to help with her sleep, and she added the device to the cart, and automatically, an e book was added to the card for free, and she felt very good about because she saw that the business was committed. She felt that the business was committed with the with the outcome. So she said, Okay, I feel good buying it. I feel better buying it. So I wonder if this increases conversion rate. So let's try it. So two hours later, she created from web to wow WIP, work in progress, right? So the problem is that in this niche, many people struggle with lots of work in progress projects at the same time. So three, four projects running at the same time they are not able to finish for some reason. So she designed this ebook, which is, I mean, she made it in two hours, literally, two hours using designer and Canva. So basically she used designer AI to create the structure, to create the content, then deleted some things, added new things. So today, probably we would create a prompt on chat GPT to then send to the designer. We didn't do anything of it, so it was really quick. Then we downloaded from designer and then uploaded to Canva to make the design adjustments. So yes. So okay, so we had the ebook, so now we have to deliver it. So on Shopify, we had to. We created the listing, and we use the app, Skype. Pilot is $15 app per month, and you can upload the file, the ebook file, to the listing, and it will, once people buy the ebook, it will automatically deliver to the customer. And this is Sky pilot. Is really, really simple. There's an ebook there, you upload the file, you mark as fulfilled, so that the the email is sent to with the with the PDF link is sent automatically to the customer. Then how do we add to the cart automatically? So this is auto Add to Cart app called cartbot. It's a free app, and was anything is added to the cart, the cardboard as the free e book as well, and the book has to be at $0 but in order for people not to buy only the e book, you check the it's there's a toggle there. You check the bot works in reverse, which means that if people only add to the card the e book, the bot will remove it so they have to add any other product to the cart, so that the e book is going to be added to the cart as well. So this product was added to the cart automatically. Half a second later, this e book will be added to the cart by the box. So launch day, we sent email to our subscribers, we posted on social media, and we got 161% higher than normal days sales. So normal days is $1,800 launch day. We launch one product a month, many, sometimes more than that. So we do $3,300 a day. And. And this ebook, just because we knew the pain point of our customers, it drove the best sales day of our company. Till then, three weeks ago, we had our best sale day of the company, which was not this one, it was another product launch, but this was before that product launch. So the email sequence was, we sent four emails only. So the offer was live for eight days. An email was sent every, every two days, all four emails combined sold 6800 This is from Klaviyo data only. And during the eight day launch window, we sold 21,000 the average, the average was, the average day was 44% higher than normal days. We could have sent more emails to the customers in the last day, probably two, but we didn't. I just before, I mean, when I was making this presentation, I realized that we didn't we that one, that was a mistake. So we were supposed to do that. How to get ideas for your ebook. So find out where your customers desire so find out their pain point points. Be close to your customers. Read comments on social if you're not close to your customers, make sure your customer service people are and follow up with with your customer service rep for recurring requests, what people are requesting? What? What are they talking about? Mostly. Or if you have a scraper, maybe you can scrape all the comments on social media, all the reviews, all every all interactions to the with the customers, put on chat, GPT, and say, What's the common denominator, what's the issue that the customer is having, and then make an e book about it. And as it's helpful, if you are as specific as you can, so that people can see the value in it. And yeah, surveys and post purchase surveys are also important. So 10 days later, we made she made flawless stitches, which is a complete guide to perfect amigurumi dolls. So the first ebook was a workbook, so people would print it and that will help them structure their lives to finish projects. This one is, was another pain point, which is people wanted to make dolls that looked like the ones that my wife does, so they struggled with that. So this is an ebook that addressed that problem. So questions to ask yourself to generate ideas for an ebook. Why are customers main roadblocks that prevent them from reaching their desired outcome? Is there anything you can offer as a quick fix to the problems? If you know that could be good idea in charge. BT, can help you with with that as well. Can you minimize their doubt about reaching their desired outcome? What blueprints, frameworks or habits can the customer implement to reach or improve their desired outcome given the how? What other specific issues do your customers have that are related to what you sell? And takeaways from this is find out where, if, what information will help your customers reach the desired outcome. Create valuable ebook that your subscribers would pay for. This is important, an ebook valuable enough that your subscribers will pay for and give it for free. When any other product is purchased on the website, that's the main the main thing create an email campaign sequence. Deliver news. The more emails you send, more sales you're gonna get. It works better when the campaign has a beginning, a launch date and an end. Last Day, we tested the flawless stitches in a you know, without a campaign, we just let it there, and the conversion rate didn't improve. So we, we were expecting the conversion rate to go higher, but it didn't. With the launch, we learned something, right? We can create a brand new campaign. Maybe we can create these eight days every quarter, this campaign every quarter. Okay, so this is another topic. This would be a value add, and Eugene asked me to put in the main presentation. So here you go. So how? So I don't know if you saw but the patterns are cheap. They are $10 so how can we improve the AOV? So we struggle a lot with this in last five years. So we that's what I'm going to talk about, raising AOV without raising prices. So we had a AOV problem. As you can see, all are under, just under $10

Speaker 1  09:42
so we sell products that sell for three, five and $7 online, and they're sold on Etsy, they're sold on other websites and other design marketplaces, and they're sold very cheap, and we price it at least 50% higher than the competition. So people, you. Complain about it, but that's our price. So there, there were five things we did to increase AOV. I'm going to talk about these five things, automatic discounts, product sets, super bundle, pre sales, upsells and down sales landing page, offer testing, first one, automatic discounts, the more you buy, the more you save. So as you can see here. This is the Shopify discount page, so no app needed. You can do this on your own on Shopify. The most important thing is the discount title should incentivize adding more products to the cart. As you can see the title, the customer will see the title on the in the car. So there's, you'll see, for example, if they add two products the car, there will be 2% off, add more yarn, save more. And when they reach four, add more yarn, save more, until up to 20% off, which is the maximum discount we give. So it's congratulations. Basically, you got the highest discount. So people buy 3540 even 100 300 yarn per order because of this discount. Sometimes they get back to us and say, okay, sorry, I forgot to add these two other colors. Can you please give me 20% off? So this happens a lot. So Shopify will not stack the discounts. This is important. So can see here the amounts. It will be triggered by the amount, or it can be triggered by the number of units. You can choose. We I put this because of the yarn set. It's something I'm going to talk about in the next slice. So I put the amounts, and when it crosses that amount, the 4% when it reaches five, six units, the 4% off will disappear, and this, this one will prevail. It's not going to stack the discounts on top of the other so this is how it looks like. 4% off, add more yarn, save more 10. 10% off, add more yarn, save more and people will see it again. Automatic discount still make your bundle. So same thing. Discount title should incentivize adding more products to the cart. So this is a buy one, get one. So in this, in my situation, we do buy three, get one free. So whenever they add one pattern to the cart, they get 1% off. They just won't, we'll just see the strike through and it but the message will say, add three more patterns, get one free. Then they add one more, add two more patterns, get one free, up to buy three, get one free discount. Yeah, Shopify will always pick the cheapest product to get for free. So it's if all the prices are the same, then it's going to be a 25 25% off. Percent off. In this case, you can do whatever you like. So buy one, get one. Buy two, get one. So this is how it looks like. So this is the end of it. Buy three, get one free. Two. Product sets, make new products out of existing ones. So bundle apps didn't work well for us. We tried it. We tried many of them didn't work well, misconfigured, slow. We had trouble up selling. So we found a better way. So we create a regular product listing, and that would be a virtual listing. So example, bundle one then configure the warehouse management system to build a kit when bundle one is purchased. It may not work if using Amazon multi channel fulfillment, but we use ship hero. We use before ship station. We use SFC, sent from China. It's another warehouse. So I would say most warehouse management systems can do that. Amazon, multi channel fulfillment. Maybe you can chat with chat GPT and see if there's a solution for that. So with this, we average about 17 items per order. I don't have the data of how many units we sold before, but it was definitely not 17. And just so you know, we don't have none of our yarn sets, actually two. Only two of our yarn sets have more than 17 items per order, which means that people are buying more than one yarn set on average per order. So no apps needed, just connect, just do the right thing with your warehouse management system. So this is how it look like. Looks like. This is the virtual bundle, real product, real listing, right here. So we. Have 53 colors, and the virtual bundle will pick whatever colors you like, as many units you like of each color, and there you go, super bundle number three, so you'll be surprised with how many people will buy all your products in one order. You just have to give them the option. Okay, so these are 100% of our patterns, and people buy it. And we didn't believe it would work, but it does work. So the same idea of the product sets you if you have anyways, you create a virtual bundle, and it works like that. So include all your products of your brand and or create a master kit with all products in a category or collection. So if you have unrelated products that wouldn't go with one another, then just pick a category and make master kits for each category or collection, and make sure that in the collection page you put the master kids as the first product, so they can see it when they land there. So we sell this about two super bunch between two and three super bundles per week. Price is 328 it's a 35% off from almost $500 so no apps needed. You can do that yourself. Pre sales, upsells and up in down sells. There's no big deal here. We use whatever app you use, whatever app you like. I use one Click Upsell. We pre sell complimentary products. So if they buy one pattern, if they add to cart one pattern, this will pop up. This is a pre sell. So they will see a pattern in right next to it. They will see the yarn set, and they will see the price when they add the the pattern to the cart. This will pop up with a discount. You're able to say 10% here and the and this is a cool offer in 20 in between 20 and 30% take it and the upsell and down sell its it converts 10 to 20% landing page offer testing. We use intelligems. This is the it's $100 app, but it's really, really worth it for us. One thing that we learned from this is that and also using the heat map, heat map, we use heat map.com we learned that the video on top made the biggest impact. So I give this credit to Alex or Mozi. He said that one of the multi minute emails, he said that the video on top will make your listing, your page, convert five times. The page who doesn't have the video on top? We tested it multiple times, and the common denominator is a video on top is a video sales letter. This one takes two minutes. Is a quick video, and people, people watch it, and converts better. Then a headlight below. Then a product collection. You see, super bundle is here. Yarn side is here. When they add this one is the cheapest together with the yarn. But when they add this pattern to the card, they're gonna receive the pop this, the pop up will come out showing the discount of this product. They're already saving here, but there will be an additional saving in the pre sale. We found that giving people freedom to choose gave the highest revenue visit per visit. So this is particular to each business. In my business, that was the case, and the other techniques from one of four will work to increase the AOV if they choose to buy cheaper products. And this is a Shopify native landing page. Had an agency that created several landing pages for us, and our basic landing page that we created in in a day, maybe it's two days, is converting better than the others. So here we are. We don't use any any app, no app for landing pages, just basic Shopify landing page. So this is the progress of AOV from nine to 45 and this landing page offer testing may made the biggest impact in the last six months.

Speaker 1  19:35
So just to give you a perspective, in 2022 we sold the whole year 2022, we sold $16,000 2020, 300,020 24 300,000 now we are on our way to a million dollars this year, and this was just a 22% increase in AOV, so a small shift. Is that can give big results. So that's why it's worth it. Even a one 2% increase in only in AOV is significant. So takeaways, the main takeaway here is working on increasing AOV even by small amounts, is, is a powerful long term, long term strategy, and the rest are the things that I talk about.

Speaker 2  20:23
Thank you, awesome. Thank you. Anybody have a question? We have time for at least one

Speaker 3  20:32
awesome this is really cool presentation. So for the ebooks up, I had questioned about, just, do you have somebody in like, data on the how many people are reading it, and, like, how long they're spending reading it. Just like, I'm kind of curious by the amount of value that the your customers are getting from the E books.

Speaker 1  20:49
No, no, we don't know how many people are actually reading it. They just see it's valuable and they use it. We see that people, by looking at the reviews, how many people really read it and enjoyed it? And there were not many. I think we got two reviews so far so. But the thing is, it drives sales. It drives conversions.

Speaker 4  21:17
Have you considered and it's more of an idea, rather than a question of actually getting it to KDP library on Amazon. So have a value and have a book that's sold, let's say for 199 or 299 and then you could say, here's a link to get it from Amazon. First, it goes to the Kindle automatically, so it's easier to read for those who read. And many readers do that. And second is you may get additional income from Amazon, because some people will be buying it for that, whatever price you're going to be pricing at. And then a file is worth a lot less than the book on Amazon that it's worth some money. And then you'll Additionally, you'll know the statistics about how many people read it and so on. Yes, no idea.

Speaker 1  22:00
Yeah. Yeah. So we yeah, we know about KDP, and our next step is to print books, but we're going to print in China because it's much, much cheaper, and we're in a process of doing that. The thing about KDP is it's not the best way to print colorful and detailed ebooks like ours, there are many, many details, and the colorful ones are expensive. So there are other ways, like there's, I think it's Kindle, yeah, that's, that's, that's a good idea. Thank you,

Speaker 2  22:36
amazing. Well, if you have other questions for Leonardo, he's going to be here all week. Thank you so much. Great job do the music you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai