Speaker 1  00:00
Kat, first of all, thank you everybody for coming. Thank you guys so much. This is a luxury for me to be able to share my products and my question with you experts and get some feedback from everybody. So thank you. Can I break even and scale fast in a huge commoditized market? Should understand that. All right, that's me. Matt katsky member, since 21 is that true? Well, it's 22 but all right, I live in Scottsdale. I have three kids, three businesses, a minority partner and E comm director for racks well, and that it's, it's a minority partner. We have a Chinese partner, a couple of Chinese partners, and they are the majority stake owners, but we have an equity position in the US entity of the raxwell brand. It's a long, complicated story. One part that's important that I did not mention, that you guys should be aware of, is that I have 365, day terms, so that allows for some more flexibility. Also, that's a different story, long story that don't have time to go into. So revenue right now, we've been doing this part of the online business for a little over two years. We're three and a half million. But approaching four, we have this new launches. Team, size 2e, com in China, portion of a sourcing team, a much larger sourcing team in China. There's, I don't know, maybe 30 people on the sourcing team, but we share them with the with the China side, one remote person who's like my EA project manager, and support from the offline team. Our offline team, we have offices in Irvine and sort of an executive suite we do. 90% of our business is offline, and I'm the 10% online, closing in on 15% or so, probably at the end of the year. I was in psychology for 15 years now, econ for 14. What makes me cool? Great. Sounds of your own relationship, right? And that's, that's us in Bellagio a couple days ago. This is my product that we're talking about today. One of my products, disposable gloves, not very exciting. It's not the actual box, if you guys put that together, market size is about 2 million per month on this particular glove. I mean, all nitro gloves were, you know, 20, 30 million a month. But on Orange nitrile, eight mil, or around eight mil gloves, that's the thickness it's it's about 2 million per month. We have less than 1% of the sales of this market on Amazon, and the objective is to grow market share fast without losing too much money. Again, I have a cash flow business because I have 365 day terms. So what should I do here? Should I go through these or, I mean, this is just the market data, so that you guys, you guys really could have a better understanding of questions that I thought I would ask, and so feel free to ask questions anyways. Or I can go back, or do whatever I think I can go back. Figured I'd put in the creatives of the top sellers in there, the top two, at least, you

Unknown Speaker  03:46
can kind of see their revenue here. Sqpr data, how we're doing converting.

Speaker 1  03:57
We're 11% conversion variance, we are in the negative. So we're apparently converting about 11% lower at any given time compared to the market. Yeah, I mean, I guess you guys could just ask questions for comments. All right, here we are, so I can go back and see whatever. So, questions, comments, concerns, speeches.

Speaker 2  04:28
I mean, obviously the branding, like it doesn't stick out at all, and there's a lot you can do, I think, like you're up, like your customers, mostly guys, right? Or is it, a lot of them probably are. Yes. I mean, when we do the polls, we try to do 70% or more males, but we also have 30% of our business is business customers. So they may be male or female, but they're probably buying for a business. They're procurement officers or CIA like that. You saw, like, rubber gloves. So I would make probably, a bunch of jokes, like, our rubber doesn't break, and maybe put them on, like some eggplants, other Dick shaped objects. But you have to do something to like, stand out and like, you know, make people feel something when they see your listing. If that doesn't work. You could be like, Hey, you can get away with murder with these gloves. Make some OJ jokes, something like that, or but, yeah, you're trying to, like, evoke some emotion so that it's memorable. Because, like, people remember what they feel. And, yeah, so it's like, humor, you know, fear, confusion, trying to you're in psychology, so, yeah, probably think

Speaker 1  05:45
about that. Well, I do have some limitations because of partners. I don't know that the Chinese have the same sense of humor that that maybe we do. And they do have a very big brand in China. This racks Well, brand is a very big brand in China that the you know, is a fortune 500 supplier of manufacturing. So we do have some limitations about how many eggplants we can put in an image. Yeah.

Speaker 3  06:10
On that same token, I thought about it in a few different buckets. One is probably market level. One is distribution, and the other is just Amazon optimization. So on that note, I thought that your hero image, I see what you did in terms of, you know, using renders it. It doesn't say anything. It just yells a bunch of stuff. And there's no real visual hierarchy, right? So there's no one thing that sets you apart from everybody else. If you go back to the, can we go back to the the data of image Stack View. I actually threw this off a few people, and I asked them, uh, yeah, this one here. So I threw this off a few people. I just pulled up search results, and I said, which one would you buy? And they all look the same. Like every single one look the same. And so they did. Multiple people said I would just buy the one with the highest review count. So I think visually, and I'm sure you can dig into this a lot visually, I think you have to say something here that like, here is why we're different. Here's the one thing why we're different. There's all sorts of nefarious ways to do that. Apparently, screenshot stuff works these days, but that would be the that's the first thing that stood out, is you look just like everybody else. And so as a consumer, I'll default to reviews, right? Actually, if you did a pretty darn good job in the image stack, you do a good job of calling things out. It seems like you know who your audience is. I noticed you, you don't show a woman until, like, the very bottom of the EBC. Maybe something to test Men like women too. You know what I mean, even in a male different product. But, um, yeah, so that was one. Did you want to touch on

Unknown Speaker  07:40
you said screen, tap stuff. What was that mean?

Speaker 3  07:43
So there's some posts in the group where, you know, if you want to do a call out, right? You know, whatever your biggest you know, differentiator is, you can screenshot the image. I'm told, I haven't tried it, but you can screenshot the image and it can Amazon. Want to prove it. Oh, so, like a text call out, I guess is.

Speaker 4  07:59
Okay. Yeah. So, well, few things already said, but I think I'm gonna point out a bit different. So indeed, you know, you have, like, a bunch of orange gloves, gloves. It looks all the same. It's a sea of same. And by the way, everybody who's listening right now, I think this applies to so many categories in Amazon, you can copy the glove, but you cannot copy your brand. And as I look at your listing, and also is looking on Google, looking for Rexel, the first one that stood out to me is that it's saying Rexel USA. So one thing I'm thinking about is just on your title level, I would say rexwell USA, always consistent. Then when I look into your listing, I don't know if it's true, but in the listing details I saw, it's made in USA. It's not, well, it's mentioned on the listing itself. So, yeah, on top. So really, like the product details made in the USA, and I saw for other products that it was made in the USA and sourced also somewhere else. So I thought, like, if this is true, like, if it's made in USA, then I would definitely use something like a flag, but, but back to the topic, it's a sea of orange gloves and it's a sea of black boxes. It's all the same. And again, you can copy the glove, but you cannot copy the brand. And if I look at the listings, and you see it also on top here, and this is probably also the problem when you do split testing. I don't want to take a lot of time, by the way, but if you do split test, you so you do test with these three stacks on top, and we did that. What's going to happen is it's not going really to shift the needle. So you're going to learn a little bit like, what is doing one better than the other, but it's like in minor details, and you have to understand, like, who is your buyer, and there's no person in there. So what if your brand so it works well, is really recognized by mechanics. So when I'm entering the listing, then it's resonating with me as a mechanic. So you're shifting your variations a little bit more around avatars pointing towards the user, and if I scroll down, then your A plus content is completely in. Consistent. So all sudden it's turning blue and different colors. It's not consistent. So brand wise, in my opinion, it feels a little messy. Another thing that I want to mention is, I was calling on Amazon, and I saw your video, and your video is showing kitchen table, and then in the back you see like a light pink t shirt, and then someone is pushing a scissor through your glove. Well, definitely, if I'm a mechanic, I'm not interested in this. It's not resonating with me at all. So I really think that you have to explore the part of branding where you're going to speak to the consumer, who's your consumer? And this specific glove is an industrial glove. It's used by mechanics. We already discussed that you have to bring more oil in it make it messy, but make it more messy, but most likely they will copy that. So again, copying a glove is easy, but creating a brand is something different. So

Speaker 3  11:05
one more thing on the on the screenshots, if you go back to the data dove slide, we show the rankings. The last one, it seems like you have a lot of opportunities. So if you look in the bottom right, I think you're green. So that this, if I'm looking at it right, yeah. So that just calls out lot of opportunity there to draw organic rank. All right, so and again, I know your cost conscious, right? So multiple ways to do that, but that's one thing that did stand out, is there's, there's a lot of money going from green to red in that screen. But one question I would have here is, so, from a, from a distribution perspective, one big thing I was thinking about was Amazon, B to B, are you set up? Is it's like section 998, or 988, or whatever? Yeah, you are set up on there, yeah, okay, okay, that makes sense. So distribution beyond Amazon, what does that look like? So within the US, are you selling on Walmart, Home Depot, Tiktok shop, because all those things drive that number.

Speaker 1  12:02
Yeah, we were. I gave up on Walmart. Didn't make sense. Tried and it was just a pain in the ass. We are on Tiktok shop. We don't, we're not, we're not doing much on there, and we are not on any other channel. Those the only DTC. We have a we have a DC store, but that's it. And then we have, like I said, we do a lot of business offline, but that's not sure. That's not me.

Speaker 3  12:28
I would lean, I mean, I'm a Tiktok guy, right? But I would lean into Tiktok. I think the top seller right now is doing about $9,000 a month. Again, that is almost secondary to what it'll do to your Amazon lift. So I would start to lean into Tiktok. There are several guys that are doing it. So you can probably pull creators pretty quick and get them to remake some videos for your stuff. I will look into that quite a bit. I will look into range me as well. So range me is almost a it's like a portal for retail where you can, you know, put your brand up and, you know, different retailers can, you know, reach out to you get samples. And those are some things from a distribution perspective, that are pretty quick to implement, that will allow you to, you know, not just playing this one red ocean, but you can, you know, go into three different places and then they all spill over to Amazon.

Speaker 2  13:14
Yeah, just to add to that, it is like a theme. Everyone who's doing really well on Amazon has some sort of outside marketing effort. I mean, everyone talks about Tiktok shop, but there's lots of other ways to do it. I could see these clubs being used, like, with a lot of DIY home improvement and, like auto and there's probably like hundreds of 1000s of videos on YouTube of how to do this or that. I would have like, a team member reach out, sign them up as the Philippine whatever to get on those those links are permanent, and like, once you have 500 to 1000 let's say each video on average. I mean, it'll be 8020 but on average, let's say it's like three units a month per video, and you have 1000 so that's like 3000 units. That's gonna help anchor your sales rank a lot higher, and that's how you're gonna

Speaker 4  14:09
win. It's just a thought, bit brave, maybe to say, but what if you increase the price? So again, it's the sea of same, but let's say that the price is higher, so really higher. So it's all around $20 you see some 50 boxes, and they are, like, $9 $10 so it's half, but what if you just push it up? And the reason is, if I'm scrolling, then all of a sudden there's a higher price. To me as a consumer, I normally click on that Like, it's generating a click, it's paying it's getting my attention. So if that's and then again, if you bring it's more resonating with like, well, this glove is really for me, because the texture and all the things, the elements, yes, that has to be in there. But I really, and I agree on that, like, bring it in the DIY scene, bring it in the situations. Create those videos. Really make it like, like, a lifestyle. Like, these gloves are. Are for you, it's they are your your best assistant, always that's going to make a difference. I really believe that. And the fun part, I also like that part, really do and you should do testing way more testing. You know that I

Speaker 1  15:16
should spend a lot more money in intellivi doing a lot more testing, the testing specifically, I know, I know I'm teasing, but specifically the testing, I would love to hear more about that, because if I should do a lot more testing, what exactly is the testing that I should do?

Speaker 4  15:35
That has to go to me, of course. Yeah. So if it comes to testing, then again, I think you first need to frame it. So we always say, like, Hey, you can just do an A B test. I can just throw two items out here. Just say, like, hey, A versus B, but it starts with framing it. So in our platform, we always start with a situation. So for instance, what I would do is start with Hey, imagine that you are a car mechanic. And I'm sticking around with the car mechanic. It's not there's, of course, way more, but that's number one. So you have to start with that. And then we always ask, if you are buying disposable gloves in your situation for your product, well, what will be important to you? So that's the first insight. And you have to dig deep, like, like, understand, like, what is it really? What is really important to a potential bias. So that's number one, and those elements are important for scroll stopping. Now, if you know that these elements are important, then you need to test if these images are really resonating, if they so, test and validate it so. And you do that by message testing. You can do that by simply a B testing. You can do it in an impact poll. So we have a poll type for that. It's a very short attention span to see if the message is coming across to the respondent. So all the time, you're just testing. And in my opinion, I'm going to bring something different. Now in this story, I'm in sales for over 30 years, and I mentioned it many times, by the way, before sales is nothing more than a communication, it's like a dialog. So you just, Hey, someone has a question, I'm responding to that, and then it comes to the moment where you make the decision. So you're helping someone, you have to bring that moment of helping the buyer to make the decision in your listing, and we do that by minimal tests. So all the time you're just asking you the question, like, is this message coming across? Test it. Test it. Test it. And that brings the story together, and that's going to build a listing that's healthy, that's resonating with the consumer, and it's gonna work, and I've seen it many times. Thank you.

Speaker 3  17:31
Question, have you thought about, I know there's you guys have black gloves, orange gloves, blue gloves, right? All the stuff. Have you thought about a variety pack? Or are those different use

Speaker 1  17:39
cases typically different use cases because they're different thickness, and that sort of dictates what level of protection somebody needs for what kind of

Speaker 3  17:49
application. Okay, okay, cool. Something else I thought about so he mentioned, you know, making it fun, emotional, all those sorts of things. You might be limited in what you could do on the listing because of, you know, corporate reasons. But I think if you marry YouTube or Tiktok or write all these things, is that something you can do in the marketing, not so

Speaker 1  18:08
much the listing, yeah, as long as I can't be tracked back to me, yeah. So there's

Speaker 3  18:12
ways to do that. I mean, so on the Tiktok side of it, I mean, the shop is, you know, one part we spoke about, but I mean, lives is another way to attack it, but AI is another way. And that's really more than Amazon play. So if you're so if you're doing AI slide shows, there's all sorts of ways to do it. You could talk to Alex, he has some connections on that, but you can relatively cheaply start to do some AI stuff, and it blows up your Amazon sales. So that's a different strategy than pushing Tiktok

Speaker 1  18:38
shop. So do you think this type of product can gain dude,

Speaker 3  18:42
I've seen all kind of crazy products gain traction. Man, my wife buys a bunch of stuff off of tick that we don't need because of, you know, vacuum cleaners and all this crazy stuff. Blouse, yeah, dude is well, I mean, I even buy little trinkets because, you know, it's just impulse buying. So I think if you can nail the pain point in the avatar. I think, I think it could work. So one other question, and this might be irrelevant based on what you just mentioned, but I thought about that category of growth rates disposable gloves was about 9% but if you look at like medical surgical gloves, that's grown at about 14 to 15% per year. Do you guys carry that? Or is that another, just a different we do different product. Okay, yep. Have you thought about bundles?

Speaker 1  19:26
I don't know. I Yes, I've thought about bundles. What kind of bundles

Speaker 3  19:30
Do you Yeah, well, it's just, it's just a way to differentiate, right? You look different than everybody else if you add x to it, like safety goggles. Is one thing that I noticed was on there frequently bought together, again, supply chain, right? I don't know what that means, but that's that means, but that's just one more way to stand out and look different, okay, than everybody else. No, we do have safety glasses, actually cool. So that could be easy kit, right? That you guys could, that you guys could push out.

Speaker 2  19:55
Yeah, you can definitely hide a lot more, like controversial stuff on tick tock. And obviously just have accounts so it's not tracked back to you. I wouldn't overlook like the Tiktok carousels do really well for some products like this, just seeing a lot of that. Yeah, okay, thank you.

Speaker 5  20:14
I'll just see is, I don't know if you know this is big grabber. So, kids choice. Kids Choice, yeah, okay, it's this Chinese guy, and he reviews products and says it's gold or it's trash. And, like, a few days ago, he had this glove. And I know everything he does, it sells like 1000s. And I'm sure there are, there's other people who do these things, I would definitely give it

Unknown Speaker  20:42
a try. Okay, thanks.

Speaker 6  20:45
So I am a very heavy user on intellivie. I just want to offer a tactical tip. If you ever use it, it really helped me increase the conversion rate of one of my products, situation inside that Peter Paul talk about. So it's how you frame the situation, the user case, before customers see your images. I feel like that is way more useful than actually the comments they make comparing the two set of images, because situation inside, really, they are going to tell you what exact selling points they're looking at when they're looking to buy this product in that situation, versus after they see the image stacks, they just like, really focus on which one is better than the other. So I would say that if you ever used Intel, Ave like, I think situation inside really helped me way more than the actual votes on the two image stacks. Okay, so situation inside is, like, the user case, right? If I want to use the glove for a DIY project at home, like, what am I looking for? Like, maybe Peter Paul can add more to it. And, yeah, yeah. So No, no, no. Before you show the images, yes, just like your frame the situations. And then they're going to tell you, Okay, so these are the selling points that I'm looking at if I want to buy it. And then you show them your images if you want them to choose.

Speaker 4  22:15
And then, then still, thank you, Stacy, thank you. Then still, what applies that? For instance, if you do a ranking poll. So then you can show the images of your stack and just ask. So first it starts with the situation. So imagine you're being a mechanic and you're using these gloves, but then they see all the images of the stack and just ask them, like, just place them in the order that that would be your decision making process. Which image matters most to you in this scenario. So we saw friends that we just did a random test on Image class, and you had an image in there that was addressing versatility, right? So it was like, you can use it for kitchen, you can use it for this, you can you. And everybody was praising that image. We discussed that together. It makes sense, because that's kind of like maybe a flaw of pulling because if you just open ended ask something, well, then people like it because you can use it for everything. But let's be honest, if I'm buying for glove, I'm buying it because I'm in a specific situation. I want to buy it because I want to have a solution for my blog problem. And again, I think that the seller, so you the listing, should communicate with me that recognizes me, understands what I'm dealing with. That's what you want to do.

Speaker 5  23:23
So, so why is the competitors so much cheaper, like 999 so I, I searched eight and a half million millimeter neutral gloves, and the competitor overall pick is 999 your price is 1899

Speaker 1  23:41
Yeah, I'm not, I'm not sure what that it could I don't know what that is, but there's all sorts of, I mean, there's hundreds of sellers of different quality products. I don't know what that one is. It looked like a black glove that you were showing,

Speaker 5  23:52
yeah, but still has like as a consumer. I go there. It's 4.7 it has 2000 reviews. 999, versus 780 viewed at 4.6 Yeah, I'll put eight and a half. So it's

Speaker 1  24:10
actually eight mil. It's m, I L, they're not millimeters. It's, it's, oh, okay,

Speaker 5  24:19
yeah, that's what I searched because that I saw that in your title that, yeah, so, yeah. So, his is 1847, the other one is nine. I would buy that. I don't care how much branding you do, I'm gonna buy that.

Speaker 2  24:36
I would have to take a look. I'm not sure it looks like I can't read that the letter. It says in the pieces there, if it's 50 or 100 but

Unknown Speaker  24:49
it's a box of 50, so it's half as

Speaker 5  24:51
like that. Maybe, okay,

Unknown Speaker  24:55
you think we should sell half as much

Unknown Speaker  24:59
the. This guy selling two Kat

Speaker 1  25:03
Well, there's also the the, there's also the other guys that glove works here, but they're, I mean, they're a big brand, or even Titan flex, they sold 4000 of those, and they're $22

Unknown Speaker  25:16
and that's, that's a very comparable

Speaker 5  25:17
product. So I sell a lot of commoditized products, it always comes down and we we have a million dollar marketing budget outside of Amazon. We still have to cut prices. We sell more units. Our branded search is 20% more than last year. Our revenue is lower than last year.

Speaker 4  25:39
Again, if I repeat the branding story I was thinking about yesterday, WD 40. WD 40. Everybody knows what. I hope it's like the oil, right? Yeah, that's that's a brand you can try, but you cannot beat it. So again, I really believe that if you are focusing on branding and listening to consumers, and not just like listening consumers because of the pull mechanism, but listening to consumers as in a sales story, like connecting with your customer and make sure that you really understand, like, this is what you're looking for. And then also bring the jokes in there. Like, make it make it unique. Make it like fun, make short videos. Invest time in marketing, and we see it also in our brands. By the way, it's like such huge fun. Sometimes we have, like, a lot of fun also, like creating it, and somehow the heart, the heart is coming across, and you cannot copy that. It's impossible that I really believe that, yeah, I

Speaker 2  26:36
think, like, the branding is fun and all, but it's really, really important in these, like, hyper sensitive, price sensitive, hyper competitive categories to have the like, off Amazon traffic with affiliate or whatever, so you can keep and maintain your rank, because it is people will come in cut you for a little to jump ahead. Yeah, it's just something I think you really need to focus on.

Speaker 3  26:59
You doing much Spanish advertising or Spanish keywords optimized

Speaker 7  27:03
for a little bit. One bullet point for a manual, but

Speaker 3  27:08
other than that, on PPC, you want a much PPC? Okay, cool. That was something I saw that stood out. I noticed, for some of our stuff, certain products things much more of a Hispanic sort of buyer base. So I don't know how that looks for you, but maybe someone put on a nail that

Unknown Speaker  27:22
will have Justin will have a question right here.

Speaker 8  27:25
Yeah, I had a couple of thoughts, because you seem to be, you seem to be both sort of benefit but also be stifled by the brand. So you probably don't have pricing flexibility. Because if they're selling in all the retail outlets for DIY and what have you. No retail,

Speaker 1  27:42
all wholesale. So like, we sell the Cisco foods and stuff like that. And so it goes to

Speaker 8  27:46
businesses through Australia. So you don't sell through. There's no racks. Well, selling of through physical retail in the stakes, correct? Okay, so a couple of things occurred to me. One is that I don't know if you've got this in your listing, but if racks, well, is huge. Then you want to be saying something like, you know, trusted by more than 200 million customers worldwide, something like that. You really want to be leaning into the fact that this is just used by everyone, and it's, it's proven in the market. And you want to be saying, you know, something like, there are many cheaper competitors, but this is trusted by so even if I don't see why this one's 999, or 1799 you're putting something in my mind. You know that. I know this is, I mean, if you were in and I would want to get into retail, I would want to get into all the DIY and the industry sort of places. I know that. Again, I know the place in the UK, but not the US. So this place, like screw fix in the UK, where you just want to be on the shelf in these places, and you want to be so you really want to get that brand out there. But the other thing I thought is maybe you could launch as well, like a rex, well Pro, or a rex, well home, and then offer a different price point, attack the market at a different level, and you can do it in full cooperation with your partners. And then the other, the final thing I thought is maybe you ditch the brand and you do it yourself. You know you just because you're in a you're in a situation where you don't have full ownership of this, it's in a heavily commoditized system. Maybe you'd be better off setting up your own brand and having full control over what you do, how you take it, because it sounds to me like unless you can really lean into the brand and get a benefit from that, the only benefit you've got is 365 day turns. Who cares? I mean, if you're not making enough money, who cares about that? It's better to have your own thing, have slightly less attractive terms, but be able to grow it and really build it.

Speaker 9  29:43
Yeah, few things I think. One, you should really look at everyone does competitive product targeting for advertising. You should really look at complementary product targeting, like people who buy this product, what else do they buy? Right? And can you have like a good PA, teacher? Yeah, I could give you what we do today, but like, you know, we almost never do competitive product target. We always do complementary. And that's been the rise on that is, is really significant, I think, sort of what everyone else said, but I would just be hyper aggressive on the main product image. Like, you know, use the box to put what the key product features are. It doesn't matter if they're gonna get a different box. No consumer cares, right? Same product. It's definitely what we did. Yeah, you might just go, like, you want to have as little percent white space as possible, right? That just Mac, you know, it's the digital shelf you want to take up as much as you can. I would also consider, like, you know, might have to game it a little bit, but like, I would consider it on this type of product, like, off Amazon strategy that's heavily focused on, like, ranking for the llms, right? So when someone goes to chat GPT, like, what's the best nitric glove? Like, you want to be the first choice, and there's, like, some pretty sophisticated strategies around that. And then I think the last thing, like, I find a lot of Amazon sellers don't understand is, like, what are the promotions for this type of product that, like, move the needle? Like, do you know, if you wanted to drive more velocity of the day, and still, you know, make 5% contribution margin. Like, what promo would you run? Do you know, is it 15% coupon? Is it a 20% buy one, get one? Like, I would really do some AB testing to understand, like, what is the type of promo that drives the needle for your type of product? And it's different everywhere, right? Subscribe and Save coupon, or a promo or buy one, get one, and I would like AB test that to death. So thank you very much. Applause.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai