Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, we do here. Oh, that's me. All right. I think I told you I am yesterday, right? I've been selling on Amazon for a while, and then I started doing this and this, this is a lot of fun. Have more fun doing this. So I've been doing a lot more of this lately, but I help do things for MDS, and I help keep you guys in check, so trying to keep my voice on there, because, like, I came in here with a little bit of, like, a remaining issue with my vocals. So I respect when you guys listen to me very quickly and with me,

Speaker 2  00:40
I have my counterpart, Brian. Hey, it's interesting how, like, no one's in the front row. Everybody is afraid. I mean, I wanted people right next. We haven't bit anybody yet at a summit. But, you know, there's always the first time for everything. So I've been a member since 2021 selling since dinosaurs kind of roamed the earth back in 97 and I get to meet all the new members and be a leader in the membership department for MDS. This is I still I can't believe I get paid for doing this. Thank you so much for that. And I'm more of a chill, high energy, meditative host. Go for it. Oh yes. And it takes a ver, a veritable army, to put this together.

Speaker 1  01:24
So, you know, did you guys not want to be there?

Speaker 2  01:27
Back there, we have a couple of shy employees. Yeah, they're back there. They're waving. They're back there. Say hi. This is,

Speaker 1  01:36
this is our on site team yesterday, during the actually, later, I'll show you a whole team. This our on site team. Takes a lot of people to make this happen nice and smooth the way it is. And we really do. Thank them. Another round of applause for them. You

Speaker 2  01:52
have no there's like a 50 page, like document full, just to help

Unknown Speaker  01:56
us. Is it only 50 pages? Maybe it's, I

Unknown Speaker  01:58
don't know. Maybe I only read 50.

Speaker 1  02:02
We just show up. We don't do much, honestly, and it's great, because, you know, the beginning was, Oh, they got

Unknown Speaker  02:09
magic, magic.

Speaker 1  02:11
What is the summit? So, as I mentioned yesterday, this is just, it's an extension of the community, right? And it's an extension with of what's going on in E commerce, because you know that you guys talk about what is going on. Sometimes we had less exciting summits because there's been bad things going on. So it really ebbs and flows. This year is pretty awesome. What I've seen. This whole thing has been built by you guys, and it's for you guys. And we are you guys is an extension of the membership. The people presenting. They're not professionals. You won't really see these presentations anywhere else on YouTube or at other conferences. So like, please be respectful, because they're just people taking time out of their busy day to say, Hey, I'm showing up and I'm doing my thing for MDS so and they're also not some speakers on a pedestal. They're available here throughout the time. So, like, you might, you know, we might need to cut people to finish on time and all that stuff. But remember those people like, Hey, that was a cool, you know thing. I want to meet with that person, they're here, they're in the group. They're not going anywhere. And all we do here is really just curate. We don't create anything. So we just try to make you guys flow in the right direction, to provide value to one another. We're still talking all right. Complacency kills. I mentioned this yesterday. It's gonna be the theme of the summit. This came from Morris. It was his idea at the MDS day in New York. And essentially, you know, don't wait for external forces to tell you to do what you need to do. The tariffs was a big one, and everybody was like, Oh, what am I doing? What am I doing? A lot of people knew, you know, a lot of people already shifting, adjusting their business so they weren't like, you guys know what your crutch is. Don't let that crutch break. You know, you you change your business before that. Let this summit be that, that little push for you. And yes, only

Speaker 2  04:11
so just we just a quick reminder. We talked about this yesterday as you're listening to conversations in here, in the hallways after hours, if you're hanging out with Brandon Himmel. It's MDS only stuff. Okay, all the things that happen, all the things that are said. So keep it here. It's one of the things that helps make our group sacred and gives us that that competitive advantage. Next, all the members will have the recordings of all the videos available in your app. The presentation decks are going to be available like quickly in the in the documents, usually

Speaker 1  04:43
fairly quickly. The documents section of the app will have the presentation slides, I think, couple.

Speaker 2  04:47
So if you wanted to take snapshots of slides and stuff, you don't need to do that, they'll be in your documents like tomorrow or the next day, next.

Speaker 1  04:53
And it's also kind of distracting. Sometimes everybody's taking pictures, so just ask if she not do that.

Speaker 2  04:58
So. And then, just as a reminder, who has received any of these pins yet for finding the founder, raise your hand if you've gotten any pins yet. Anybody, nobody has received a pin yet. Okay. Do you not care about the new members? So who's a new member? Raise your hand if you're a new member. Okay, all these new members need to be found and talked about. And so after you do that, make sure you you redeem your pins, because they're really cool, and there's clues all over the place. So who hitchhiked? Australian desert kite surfs and runs a business. Find that new member, claim your pin.

Speaker 1  05:31
That one's easy. It says with his wife in Cyprus. And how many members are in Cyprus? Not that many, I don't know. Yeah. So just do it.

Speaker 2  05:38
And then again, after each presentation, you're going to have a QR code. Scan that QR code and rate the presentation, because at the end, at our dinner tomorrow, we're going to have Best Value Add presentation for the member that presents and Best in Show for the partner. So scan those QR codes for the partner presentations as well. It's a super, super valuable thing, and it's it also helps us plan events as well, to know what's what you guys like and what you guys would prefer to have us improve.

Speaker 1  06:08
And we're doing it differently this time. So after every single, every presentation, yeah, to every single session, there will be a QR code. We used to do it at the very end. And we're trying a different approach. After every sec, we really appreciate scan it, give us, you know, one to 10, and that way we if there's, you know, 15 people in the room, we can rate that versus 70 people in the room. Well. And also,

Speaker 2  06:27
just to remind you, speaking of complacency, don't get complacent and stop doing this, like towards the end of the day when you're tired, like you're doing it throughout the day, we will remind you, but all star status. So raise your hand if you have been ever an NBS all star, raise your hand high if you've ever been an MBS officer. There's more than that in this room. I know it so six, seven, yeah, yeah. So an MBS all star means you've either won, you've won a Best Value presentation at pretty much any of our events. So if you win here, you'll become an MBS all star, or re become an MBS all star for the next year. If you do this at a chapter event, at a mastermind there's lots of opportunities to win MVP positioning and get that all star status. You get access to special swag that you get gifted when you become an all star. You get special events and masterminds and different programming that you get to do just as all stars for that for that year, and it's super awesome. So that's why those, those QR codes are so important.

Speaker 1  07:30
And now the town hall, the town hall, famous, famous Town Hall, and we big team to run the ship. Ship is big. Makes a big crew again. One more round of applause for people that are here and not here, James, take a photo of all this energy. You know, send it. Send it in the slack. But they really are great, like and just in general, community is not an easy thing. Everybody thinks it's it's easy. It's not like, I mean, think about like, your HOA or something. There's always so much like, you know, you're running people that are passionate about something. I mean, community is easy when nobody cares about it, when people actually care about it, and care about longevity of it all and all that stuff. It takes a lot, and we take, we try to take care and purpose. And those core values that we came up with, like, six years ago still are very important, right to everything we do. So they may seem funny, but like, you know, it has made this thing very, you know, successful, I would say. So it's really cool. And these people that they live by these core values, just like you guys do, so a lot has happened.

Speaker 2  08:41
So yeah, this is like, we've done some amazing new stuff. Every year we keep adding, like, more stuff based on your feedback. So this year, who was at MDS day in New York, we had Neil Patel keynote. That's pretty awesome. It's funny, when I do the new member calls to welcome people in, I show like, Oh, yeah. And it's members that present the presentations, and they see Neil Patel in the video library. They got Neil Patel as a member. Okay, not Neil Patel, but we did 85 events last year in 39 cities around the world. 50 of you helped to host these events. So thank you for that, and over 1600 people attending these events. We've had Shark Tank people show up at our inspire event in Vegas. We did a real estate mastermind for the first year that Eugene hosted. A couple of weeks back, I hosted a pet mastermind just I think a week ago, some of you in the room were there. Thank you for being there. And then a Centurion mastermind. We did that in Scottsdale. I want to say so real, really recently. So just a lot, a lot of new things to look forward to and that we've done.

Speaker 1  09:38
And all this happened because of you guys the cameras telling us you want to do it or supporting it like we didn't get Neil to come, the members got Neils to come. So just keep that in mind. You guys pushing for things is what makes

Speaker 2  09:49
things happen. Come to Seattle next month with us for the DTC

Unknown Speaker  09:53
mastermind. I mean, it's awesome stuff. So yeah.

Speaker 2  09:57
So speaking of most valuable posts. Hosts and members of the month. That's a way to also enter into our All Star Program. And who's a MV, who's ever received MVP or member of the month in the room? I know there's, I know there's several of you, yep, yep. So a lot of you are here. A lot of them are presenting today. And here are the faces. I mean, these are the people that you've seen on in our Facebook group. A lot of them are here. And this is just a small example of the amount of value that you guys bring to this community. Speaking of our core values of give more get more new members, we have 21 new members here just at the summit this year alone. And here's an example of some of the reasons why it's so awesome to have these new members in the community, because several of them are stepping up in a big way. We have three of them here that are speaking at our summit. We have Tracy, who took on an advisory council role this year. We have winners of Chapter value ads, and Jacobo, I think I saw you here. He won our value add at the real estate mastermind. So thanks for being here, and thanks for bringing the heat new members. And look, there's 80 of you that help make all this happen every year. And at the you know, eight of you are at our on our advisory council. And the Advisory Council is, for those of you that aren't familiar yet, is we elect you each year, you basically apply, put together a little campaign video, and then the membership elects the advisory council to advise the leadership team and the staff all year long. So thanks for doing that. The members nominate, never, yeah. The members vote for you. Yeah. We don't get involved in that. You guys take care of that and and we handle a lot of really important, sometimes serious issues in there, and it helps this community grow.

Speaker 1  11:47
And I encourage, if you haven't done it, to, you know, next time around, do it. It's nice. I mean, I think, Mo, did you have fun? Yes. So trying to make it as fun as we can. Speaking of new programs, this was a new program. Now it's, you know, Kat traction and is doing well in general. You know, we try things when you tell us to try them. And if they work, they work this one, Etienne and Corey in this room somewhere. Etienne and Corey, Corey, I saw Corey somewhere. Anyway, you guys started the beta squad a few years back and told us it was very impactful. Squads. This is just like, for those that maybe weren't more familiar with, like EO or YPO. They have the forums, right? That's like, what is that the core of their community, right? You they pair you up with eight people, and you meet with these eight people, and these are your accountability group. We decided to add this benefit as part of our membership as well, just instead of being the most important thing of our membership, is just like another thing that you can do to connect with other people, because we know, like, you know, our group is growing, and there's a lot of value because of our group from from the top level, and people want to talk to each other in that big group, because we're very niched and focused that this can provide a different dimension, you know, if we have it, like my squad, you know, we just went to como, where's my squad at? Oh, we just went to como. We had a really good time. And, you know, we talk about things that I honestly wouldn't talk to anybody about, you know, if I would talk to myself, if I had a therapist, I would talk to them. But I don't need to get a therapist, because I have my squad mates to help me work through it. And, you know, but it's business, it's personal, it's pleasure, and I would encourage you to do to join. If you haven't joined one, we create new squads twice a year. So we just formed a few. I think we have one forming right now that a few of the larger sellers really want to form. So if you're like a big shot, let us know, because that squad is going to be kicking off soon. And again, you can always just put in your name. And there are active squads throughout the year that will try to place you, if it won't be in that December time next year. And there's 14 active squads now. We are nearly 20 chapters strong. Another program that started a few years ago because a member was bugging me, saying, we need to do this, Morris, we need to do this in New York, because he didn't want to travel. It's a Hall of Fame. I can't I gotta like, I can't I got so many kids now, I want to do this at home. So, like, made it happen now, you know, New York's a very strong chapter with the 82 members. They don't want to break up. You know, California was a strong chapter, and they're like, We don't want to drive up and down the coast. So they've broke up in New York is still really strong on the east coast there, and it's just really amazing to see, like how it's grown, and the fact there's so many members leading these things, and it's what helps us have 85 events a year that all follow the same format, because even you guys respect it when you lead these chapter leads, raise your hands. The amount of you. Thank you. So enjoying that list. I mean, the hard part now is finding enough members in your area, but we do have a solution for that, which I'll talk about a little bit. I just want to call out our women that are crushing it. I mean, we really love it when the women in our community. Step up and do these presentations and take these leadership, you know, positions. And we just want to encourage more of that. I know that it can be intimidating. You know, we have a big room here of, you know, a lot of like, Type A personalities and but it really is. It provides an amazing perspective. And, you know, we want this woman's chapter to keep growing strong and, you know, having their own events and stuff like that. I know there was that lunch that we did. This wasn't a picture from that lunch, but women's lunch, who, let's keep doing more of that. And like, if you have other women entrepreneurs that, you know, push each other to present, you know, it's always hard for me to push, because I try to be pushy, but it's a lot. Just do it and it's rewarding. And if you know anybody else that could be a fit for MDS that is really crushing it, please let them know. On our leadership team, we also have so many crazy, amazing women that are helping put this thing together, like Anita back there, Courtney and Debbie. Who else is he? Belen. Wouldn't be possible without you guys. So thank you. All right, this is that initiative I was talking about, if you don't have enough members in your area to do chapter events, and we've tried this new thing called ecompreneur, so it's a little bit of a lighter version of MDS. It's not to get away, not to take away from, like, what MDS is in, like, this whole special MDS events are about, you know, how you do things. They're very tactical, like econ preneur, and maybe even, like, inspire, that we do that's about, like, you know why you do things or not? Why? Like, you know what to do. You know, it's more it doesn't really get into the details. MDS gets into the details. This is, you know, soft and light waste Connect. More community connection types. Yeah, more community connection with with founders in your area. Meet cool people. And we've been helping promote these. And you know, a lot of you members have stepped up to do them. And I think, I think it was at least a dozen cities that had them so far this year, I know a few Sweden. I heard potentially India. I mean, I heard somebody Puerto Rico. So keep on telling us, if you wanted this in your city, we'll help you do it. And it's just amazing to see these events like, I mean, we had one on Bulgaria and Cyprus. And does

Speaker 2  17:16
anybody hear that medicine at an econ lunch? But just out of curiosity, anybody here that medicine, income, lunch, maybe not yet. Okay, we do have some we do have several new members that did meet us at econ lunches. And if you host these lunches, there's a reward back to you in as as as if members end up joining. So even if it wasn't your specific referral, if someone comes to a lunch that you host and joins, you get credit back for events and things.

Speaker 1  17:42
Matt, masterminds another new initiative that we've been trying since last year. You know, we're getting bigger and we're getting more focused on different things. As we do that, we've provided this outlet for talking about specific topics. Uh, who here has attended a mastermind and thank you guys, because I know it was kind of weird to sign up for an event that has six people going or eight people going, and what is this, and Mia and us asking you to present and like, I don't really know and all that, but it's like everybody here knows something. And these masterminds have been pretty amazing, because when those people get together and they realize that nobody here is trying to take from me or steal from me. Nobody here has an agenda. They really open up to one another and are able to get to that next level. So we hope to continue the happening of that in these different topics. The GDC mastermind, the sign ups have been really strong. I think we already have like, five or six people signed up, and it's, again, it's capped to eight people. So if you're, you know, active on building your own website. I mean, I'll be a great place to go. Supplements. We had this one last year. I did very well. We're doing again this year, and this is going to be around supply side west. So if you're going to that, this is a good one. And, you know, we did this tick tock mastermind around innovate last year. We're going to do that again, and I think that was a lot of fun. Most likely will be hosted in tick tock offices.

Speaker 2  18:59
The members won't steal your information, but Jonathan Jasper stole my cookie at the last I don't know if he's in this room, but wait, where is Jonathan? Follow him around somewhere. I saw him in Bellagio with his dad driving. Is Jonathan somewhere on the streets of Milan?

Speaker 1  19:13
Yeah. Also a really cool thing that we launched, because you guys wanted it was these channels, and so these are places to talk about specific things. And like, you know, don't think about them as more of the most important thing here is these. Most of these topics. Host calls on a monthly basis, very targeted. They're bringing on special guests on these topics. They're keen highlighting members that are really strong on these topics. And every month they keep on doing this and is going to that resource library and it's it's another way to really learn about something you're passionate about. A couple of these channels require additional verification to get in there, like the Tick Tock one, the Centurion one, real estate, um. Which other one, I think, large catalog, which is, you know, a great way of like, keeping those conversations high level. And we hope that none of you bother us for any more channels, because we already have a lot. But I think we're covering the bases here and allowing you guys to talk about these specific topics, events happening, or what is the future of events, or what's been the past? We've had again, 85 events so far. Still a lot happening. We have events. We have another event today in San Diego, around the Walmart conference that member, Julian, new member, is hosting there. So events are like happening two, three times a week, and our team is doing fantastic at keeping it going. In September, we have a little thing around accelerate, and then from accelerate, we're going to San Diego for the commerce roundtable, which is a great DTC event that we hope to see you at. We're gonna do a dinner there speak about private things. We have that private sushi dinner. You know, that's what might be for those all star members. Who knows, in October, we're meeting up at innovate, and then also we have the supplement mastermind supply side West. And then we have a ton of holiday parties happening in all the chapters. So it's gonna be a lot of fun for next year. We had the real estate mastermind. I did was like, amazing. I think you know, you had eight people who, you know, some of them were still in Amazon. Some of them weren't in Amazon anymore, so much, but they still love the group. So they showed up and they talked about what they're passionate about now, real estate. And they weren't these big shop professionals, but they knew a lot about real estate. And it was like, you know, it was really awesome to see all that. And I'm like, okay, there were a lot of people that told me after Oh, I wish I would have went, but I felt I didn't know much. So I'm thinking we're gonna try. We used to do this event in Miami every year where we had a boat day and we did like all this stuff. I'm from Miami. It makes it really easy. We're gonna bring that event back, but it's gonna be investment related. So real estate investing, taxes a day and a half, a small little takeover event. That'll be fun. We're gonna do one about DTC and Tiktok as well. In April, we're gonna have a Centurion mastermind inspire, and that's like q1 of next year, but more to come, for

Speaker 2  22:09
sure. So we have some amazing partners. I don't know if you've been in the partnership directory and the app recently, you should definitely go in there. Over 3000 partner claims, 1000 reviews on those partners from all of you members. It's a really, it's gotten really, really robust. Our partnership team has absolutely stepped it up over the last couple of years. We have some new things happening too, where I have some notes here, so I don't wanna make sure I forget anything. So we have a new thing where partners can make what's called a crazy offer, which is like a limited time, a limited quantity, like unbelievable deal for MDS members. So when you see those things pop up, check them out. You might get an incredible, incredible deal from one of our amazing partners. And let me see Anita sent me some amazing notes. I just wanna make sure I forget anything. You can see that our top 10 partners by clicks are on this slide. And look, we have, I've met all the partners that are here. Thank you for being here. You really, really help make our events and our whole community just that much better. And so check them out. Make sure you spend some time with the partners in our partner Hall today, and that wraps up our

Speaker 1  23:18
town hall. Refer a friend who's filled out one of my forms? Death by a million forms. I love those forms. I can read those answers. And this trend report is the culmination of all that we I put out what you put in, so make sure you put good answers in there. You know, I try to audit the data to make sure we're it's there's no craziness there that a lot of you put some crazy numbers. Take those out throughout the trend report, you'll see different numbers, and I'll explain a little bit there. We update this constantly with new questions, new answers, so if anything feels weird when you're filling it out, always let us know, and we'll be very appreciative of that. I'm not a data whiz, but chatgpt Five despite them saying it sucks, it really did do well at analyzing data compared to when I used it last year for for this thing. So that was fun. Some high level of things going on in this room. This has been the largest bump in MDS, whether you guys are gonna get these slides, this has been the largest bump in median revenue and aggregate revenue in MDS in the past four years. We are representing now 11 and a half billion in revenue, and 1.6 of that is Thank you. 1.6 billion of that is under manager by agencies. Most people here are owning, operating their own business. You know, some people are like number twos or key men doing the E commerce agency and wholesale models continue to bump up a little bit, about a 45% increase from last year. There's been more people right now into this year, seeking prepping for an exit. They think. They're they're ready. Median products sold has gone up. Top Sellers having introduced, introduced about 20 products, their catalogs and median orders have ticked up almost to the level of covid time. So things are really moving. Number of brands stayed the same. You know, if you had one or two brands, that's, that's about the same. Here's how revenue has been flowing over the years. So added another year here, and what I saw for 2025 this has been the biggest jump of revenue of the people, the larger sellers. And here's just one thing to point out. You see these like little numbers underneath. You'll see in a lot of the slides here, I have like number of members. So as I said, I remove aggregate, I remove outlier data when I do all these little data points like on the right. So you'll see some of these metrics are, like, smaller data sets of what, like, what was really clean and understandable, but yeah, overall, like, consolidations continue to happen. Brands are continuing to get larger. Smaller. Brands are dropping out, and MDS is still growing. And in other words, this was disputed. Raise your hand if you grew in revenue this year. I mean, I 60% was my stat. That looks pretty much like 60% to me, especially, some people don't even raise their hands when they're asked to. And we're growing at higher than the industry. So the orange line right there is the median industry growth. So I think it was about 11% this year. MDS members said 39% was the median growth of revenue. 44% beat projections. There was about 3% negative deviation of overall growth rate. So that means, like, you guys are pretty good at hitting your projections. It's almost spot on, just a little bit under, and about 43% said they're gonna grow next year. So it's, you know, in line with with it looks like it's gonna be in line of with what the growth was this year. Here's what's been happening in specific niches prior years. I've really hesitated to show niche specific data. This is the first time I'm showing it, but year over year data, I looked at a lot of you guys, because I've had multiple years of reports, 85% just stick in the same thing they've been doing. So I was like, members here are running a specific business. They're not hopping around. They might be broadening or be getting more specific, but really they're staying in their niche. Most people in MDS, they're either doing supplements, health, home beauty, that's about 70% and one in three are selling consumables. Those that are selling consumables are doing better so that, I mean, that's pretty obvious, though, but it's good to see that in the numbers, the biggest categories as far as upwards momentum were pet supplements and beauty, coupled with, you know, 25% rev growth, and then you see the smaller numbers that was, that was like the breakdown of it, there has been 72% growth across all of the supplement sellers. So that looks like, that was like the strongest, strongest revenue, strongest percent of people that moved up in revenue and about, you know, a nice one to see was about 51% grew in Home and Kitchen in revenue, but profit performance was the worst, 12% so, you know, Home and Kitchen is really being hit. It's a big category here in MDS, and it's continues to be hit by margins and other outside factors, specifically all this stuff with the tariffs, but I do think it'll come back. Here's a little breakdown of like the specific market conditions, growers versus decliners. So the 63% that grew, that grew at a median of 30% and the 32% sorry, the 62% that grew profit, they grew at a median of 20% on the launches, the brands that were growing revenue, they had about 4.5 launches and profit three launches, the people in this room grew up 36% greater than people not in this room. I don't know if it's the chicken or the egg situation, but people are showing up, really active, coming to events seem to be growing a little bit more than those that aren't. What we're seeing from the people that are growing is more new launches, more investing into product development, creating better ad efficiencies, testing creatives and an interesting correlation. Brands that were doing at least 1000 bucks a month on Tiktok did report higher median growth. So people have cracked that little code. Are getting a little bit of flywheel bump, and I think they're saving on their ad costs. The brands that are declining about 17% decline in revenue, and that was met with about a median of 12% in profit, 13% decline in profit, median of 20% at that. So they're still growing, but just much less. So the median is still growing. It's just. As profit is still going up. What we saw is less launches across the board, about half. And in general, like, you know, don't be worried if you are one of those people, because what I saw is about 60% of members across the five years had at least one year of growth. Of, you know, not growing. You know, you're not going to grow every single year. And that's not that's not that's okay, some conditions, I want to mention here is they face, whereas issues with Amazon, so the ranks listings, reviews and issues with the with the pricing and margin in general, the future growth, I feel like it's linked to launch cadence and better channel diversification spending patterns that I'm seeing in these brands. So this is kind of benchmark of where you want to be at. So if you're not in these like ranges of spending on cogs, ads, payroll, then you should try to get in those ranges. Number thing, number one thing is all these storage, return software promos try to keeping it very low single digits and on the ads. If you're those that are mixing in off Amazon are seeing a little bit of a bump. 29% spent nothing on off Amazon advertising, which I thought was a pretty small number. I see it's changing, and most that spent was still less than 5% that people are testing it returns are a big one. I know we had a conversation about this Deepak yesterday, and larger brands have a much lower percent of revenue in their returns. Median margins about 17% that's down from last year. Median EBITDA about 1.1 million. 72% increased their price and sold more units. About 38% reported a decline in their gross margins. In general, you know, higher revenue brands are winning. They're reporting that they're seeing they can invest better into advertising. They don't have to lever on Amazon so much. And they're seeing higher growth. So it pays off to be bigger. What we're seeing in the marketplaces. So Amazon, us specifically, is still the leader here, but there is now, for the first time, ever significant revenue being generated on own website across this room. Now, MDS has historically been Amazon first. I think I see by the data that's changing where there's actually traction being caught off Amazon. There's four people in this room. They're doing over a million a month on Tiktok, which is great. So last year, the aggregate of the room was 1 million a month. Now we're at 10 million. So think about a platform year over year. How fast that's growing?

Speaker 1  33:00
In general, right now, 20% and that's a really up, have managed to, you know, not rely on Amazon for at least 50% of their revenue. That's, you know, they've at least 50% is happening somewhere else, Amazon Canada was another one that was kind of moving, you know, pretty well, and you might see that, okay, tick tock is not on the list. That's, that's a that's, again, that was a data input issue. We didn't have tick tock as an option, but tick tock is represented in, like the other marketplaces and stuff. So next year, you'll see tick tock directly on the list. But, I mean, we have specific questions for tick tock, so we know that's like a channel people are moving on in general, big box reported about one and a half greater revenue brands that we're doing on there, which is obviously big box drives big revenue on the hiring stats. What continues to lead is Philippines us hires. But what I see is there's a large chunk of people that mix in, people from different areas, Europe, Latin America, India, China, and they have them working in specific roles. Typical people here are paying about 6% of revenue. So I mean, I wouldn't if you're paying more than 6% of your revenue on your team, you really got to think about, is it worth it? Are you growing too much. We have a typical team here has three full time, one part time and three vas, and it's heavily VA levered. About 83% have at least one VA. So power those vas, so people that have four or more VAs are seeing about double median revenue. So VAs are the power. And median revenue really bumped up almost two times from last year, about a million dollars per team member. Now you guys aren't paying much for these people on your teams, I would say, because mostly, again, it's international, overseas, but most people have their bookkeeper, graphic designer. Ads manager and director of ops in house, Director of Ops is on the rise. That was a thing. People started hiring more last year. The teams that had their ops, ads supply roles, they were able to get about two times more launches than the teams that didn't. So those are important. And then, like bookkeeping and supply chain were about like the most you know, the first roles that people would get in their back office, or somebody working on those things. EOS continues to be a big thing. You know, members come in like new. Members. Only 9% use EOS. So if you don't know what EOS is, I highly recommend you check out the book traction and try to implement in your business. 75% implement from reading that book, How to build a team. It's written on here. This is just an AI summary, but it's all the stuff that we already know. Hire for culture, character test, hard set, clear roles. KPIs, cut them fast when things aren't working, give a players more trust, communicate a lot, keep your SOPs nice, align incentives and make sure people are accountable. Breakdown of in house versus outsourced. So on the ops side, product Dev, launch, customer service, listing creation, that's almost no unanimously, in house, the things that we see being outsourced to photography, web design, bookkeeping and graphic design. On the marketing side of things, I saw a couple bumps in specific categories of outsourcing. So specifically, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, PR and Tiktok. So those all bumps. So it looks like people are starting to outsource in those things. And that pretty much lines up, because it looks like when brands are smaller, like sub 7 million, they outsource more until they start bringing it in house. So once brands hit about 12 million median revenue, they start bringing all that stuff in house. So keep that in mind. You know, if you're a larger brand, you're not bringing it in house. You should be thinking about that, because those numbers, you know, they're, they're almost single digits on all the things on there, still about half not really working on working on email, SMS, Facebook, Google, or anything that's, you know, related to driving additional traffic. So still an opportunity there from providers. This is what people are using. HR recruitment, really. You know, there's a lot here. People use a pretty simple mix of tools, PVC, most people do it in house, combination with scale insights. Scale insights in this room, we have a couple. So if you see here the MDS logo, that means the partners, we have an offer with them. And then the blue partners, they're actually have representation here, so you can talk to them on the reimbursements. The biggest bump was like on true ops, but seller investigators continues to read the pack, lead the pack, split testing. I still don't know how 50% don't do split testing, but you know you guys are saying that it takes too much time and budget. I don't know. I think that's the number one thing you should be doing. And Intel, AVI is a great tool for that. Tamar, Peter, you guys are here three PL. If you use a three PL, you use tactical. Almost nobody that, you know, there's a very few that don't use tactical for those three PL, but a WD has absorbed a lot of that, and providers making a lot of impact. You know, seller board, Data Dive nomads join brands and frost politics, some supply chain, stats, medium containers shipped are up. You know, China continues to hold most important thing, China continues to hold a lot of dominance. About 25% are mixing in a sourcing agent with their own supply chain, with their own like things that they're doing and that is correlating to the better profit trend. Orders shipped are up. The most interesting thing I saw is like shipping really went down, and more people are investing in their own manufacturer in process. 17% now are involved in their own manufacturing. And the biggest thing here is that that leads to 24 day median cycle time that's including production and shipping. So 45 and 30, that's 75 so it's almost three times less. And if you guys saw that, we had a presentation on cash conversion cycles last year at the summit, you can probably see it in the app. It's really important for your cash conversion to have less cycle time. So think about it. And those guys have been selling more, almost done here. Tiktok creators, AI, about 57% now, so double from last year. Have made up, made a push onto Tiktok. You're spending about $70,000 a month. Sorry, $7,000 a year. So that's about 5000 a month. So people are just reducing their ad spend a lot of times and just putting that money towards Tiktok. And it's working out, about $2,000 a month is the median. But there's a big distribution. There's the big guys. There's a lot of guys trying to figure it out. Most are paying creators directly. But then there's a lot using platforms like joint brands, you Kat reacher and levanta on the AI side, chatgpt is king. Most are using chatgpt. I was surprised to see 36 have actually. Deployed agents or automations or like custom GPT is in their business, and it's usually on the content listings, ops and customer service. And I think was really funny. There was an episode of all in podcast that just posted Friday, and that's literally what they said, like, that's that's where AI is working, and that's where you guys are doing it. So you guys know, know what they're talking about. There's still a lot of brands not spending money on Tiktok and AI. So if you haven't, you know, it's still your time. You can, you can still get in there, right? It's still very early, and just looking ahead, members are shifting from single channel. They're trying to build big moats in their business and to remain competitive most venture. You need to be diverse, diversifying. You need to be efficient. You need to have discipline with your EBITDA and your spending. And if you can, you start building your own audience, and you start getting your supply chain modes set up. So Dan, center, are you here? I'm gonna call you out for a second. You met Chamath across from our pre dinner, right? And you told them you're an Amazon seller. So I know we are all at heart Amazon sellers, but I think that is a belief system that you need to cut away. You are an E commerce professional. You know, you use Amazon as a platform, and there are many e commerce professionals now succeeding on other platforms. You know, prior years, many have tried, and it hasn't caught traction. It's catching traction. So like one thing for you guys in this room, if you're all in on Amazon, I know it pays the focus, but right now it might pay to try out other things, because it is a time of things changing. 79% are pursuing off Amazon growth this year, and that's DDC and Tiktok are the leaders. Then a lot of going into retail International. But remember, retail is pushing high revenue growth, things that just aren't working. Or, you know, like these long tail marketplaces, like Walmart, Etsy, eBay, some content formats, like these long form videos, product based ads, you know, Amazon posts and reposting stuff. So, you know, low, low weight content formats, review strategies like divine merging doesn't CT working, and stuff for like ranking, like doing all this PPC, deep link and keyword stuffing stuff is just seeming to have not as great results. I know I went over. So not going to go through the takeaways. But like, you know, this is it. Biggest takeaways, you know, MDS members grow faster than the market, diversify, build Moats. I think there was another one there, Tiktok, yeah, I think I said it all, oh, become a larger brand. That's it. Thank you guys. I went over a little bit, scan this, give me some feedback on the Trend Report. It's a lot of work. It's very difficult to do. I try my best. I'm not a refresher. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai