Speaker 1  00:05
Who here is selling on tick tock shop? Does anybody? Yes? Okay. Michael, no. Absar, no. Why were you at the Tick Tock mastermind? They keep shutting us down. Oh, you keep getting shut down. Okay? I thought you're I thought you're crushing. Okay, stop selling spammy stuff. Just kidding, just kidding. All right, so yeah, ever since 2023 we've been an eight figure brand. We crossed that threshold in like 2022 and continue to grow. My path, or our journey, is to try to try to get to $100 million now. So that's what we are actively working towards, and that's why I do the podcast. My podcast is just like, This is what I'm doing, is I try to build our brand to $100 million so I interview other guests. For me, it's I get smart people and get a pick their brain, and then how am I applying it into my business? Is kind of what the podcast is all about. And then from Dallas, Texas, raising four kids, as we mentioned before that. All right, so as we start things off, who here has given out samples on Tiktok shop, two affiliates. All right, okay, so one of the things that we have done and we've been tested, we've been doing a few different tests of this. But instead of just clicking that automatically approve seller or affiliates in Tiktok shop, regardless of GMV or any of that, what we're telling them to do is that they have to request samples by filling out a form. So because what happens with this form, and even if they message us? So there's two different pathways, right? Creators will request samples in Tiktok shop, or they'll like, message you and be like, hey, I'm interested in repping your brand, right? So either way, we send them this exact same message, we're like, hey, yeah, I would love I don't care about their GMV, I don't care about how many followers they have. It's like, great. I send everybody this message, and you'll see why. Why do we want them to complete a Google Form? Number one, many creators never post after getting a sample on Tiktok shop. Okay? Number two, creators are getting spammed, like 1000s of messages a day. Okay? Becca has a creator account as well, and it's just like a complete nightmare of just like spam bots messages come to these creators. Number three, Tiktok doesn't share their personal contact info with you, right? You don't have their email address, you don't have their cell phone number number four, you want to be able to communicate with these creators off of Tiktok for those reasons above, right? They're spammed on their DMS. You're not going to get through to them. Number five, you want to be able to double down with the creators that actually perform well, right? If somebody has a viral video, you want to say, hey, what can we do to incentivize you to create more videos like that? Then number six get their permission to reuse their videos. Okay, that's kind of the secret hack for this whole Shopify thing. And then number seven create an email newsletter with contests to keep them engaged, and our brand stays on the top of their mind. All right, you tracking with me? Does that make sense as to why we might be using a Google form? All right? Because it's extra work, but there's a reason behind the madness. All right, so what does this survey look like? This is what the survey looks like. Okay, so I'm asking, Hey, what's your name, last name, what's your shipping address, email address, what's your phone number, what's your Tiktok account handle? How many followers do you have? What are your primary platforms that you post content on? What products are you interested in? We have over 1600 different SKUs, so we have them select which ones they're actually interested in, so they can choose up to five different products. Is what we have. Oh, yeah, great question. We sell stationery, so anything from calendars, planners, educational posters, chore charts, birthday party invites. Back in my wife, she designs everything. She's designed every single one of our products. And then our team is sells it. There are calendar tiktokers. There are calendar tick tockers. There's there's a lot of talks, even Kat, even Kat. Why am I saying calendars, candles, calendars for Brian. So yes, we're in stationary. So again, we're not in the supplement space, the beauty space, which is, everybody's like, Oh, yeah, you can do well in that space. Like, this is a very different space that I'm saying, like, you can have success in almost any space on Tiktok. Okay, so here's the key. What I have highlighted in this red box. By requesting a sample, you agree to post your videos on social media platforms. Forms and as shoppable videos on Amazon. Please check all the platforms you're going to post and then last one do you give Hadley designs the permission to reuse your videos, to create content on our own website, social media or other marketplaces? Please send us a copy of your videos. So we're getting like 95% of people are just clicking Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. So we get people that are like, yeah, you can reuse my content. Okay? Because, as you know, in the Shopify game, where do you get your traffic, typically, meta ads, right? And content fatigue on meta is a real thing, right? You have to have a massive pipeline of new videos, new creative that you can test. And so for us, this is how we're doing it, on autopilot. Okay? So we ship the samples, and then we have a whole bot that, like, basically just like, follows up, because once they submit their email, it goes into that form that I talked about. And then from there, we continue to reach out, reach out, reach out, until it's confirmed that they actually posted content for us. So the stack that we're so this is like the example we're setting up the email sequence. Hey, your product samples are here. Let's get started. This is basically, like those types of emails that we're sending to people, and then we're asking them to just like, reply, let us know. And the stack, the tech stack that we're using to set all of this up, is just Gmail, and then streak is a Chrome extension that will basically automate these emails for you. And what's cool about streak is it will follow up with people until they reply to you. So, like, you can set it up for indefinite, like emails until somebody engages. Then when somebody engages, it will pause, okay? And then you could have like, a customer support person that comes back in and, like, re engages it when you're ready for the next step. Okay, so it, long story short, it turns your Gmail inbox into a CRM, that way you can see where all of your affiliates are at in the kind of like your sales funnel of getting them onboarded. All right, so let's go through some FAQs. So what are we doing on our Tiktok shop side of things. So nothing fancy. We're doing 12% for our open collabs. 15% okay for targeted collabs. Do I pay them per video? Like join brands? No, all of them do it for free. So different than the join brands method. This is just like these people ask for samples, and we're just like, you can do it, but just, you're getting it for free, but you're get you need to give us usage rights for these do they need a large following? No. Many of our creators, we are their first viral video. And I would argue this is part of, like, what I think is like, the little secret sauce that most people skip. I don't know, Brian, give me your thoughts on the Tiktok side, but like in general, I feel like most people in the Tiktok space right now are preaching, like, make sure you hit people that have a high GMV right at least 1000 some, some even push that 10,000 GMV over the last 30 days before you approve samples for us, we've gone the exact opposite approach. And we're like, even if you're brand new, we'll give you a shot, right? We have lower cogs, you know, that allow us to be able to do that and take these bets. But because of that, we get more engaged creators. Like, from the onset, like, if we're their first win, who do you think they're going to work with for a long, long period of time, gross market value. So like, how much they've sold. So this, like, basically, there's a filtering process that you can say, hey, I'm only going to approve creators that have generated at least $1,000 in sales for any brand over the last 30 days. So for us, we're not putting any like hard limits on that

Speaker 2  09:03
gross merchandise value. So how much the Creator has sold

Speaker 3  09:06
is a merchandise value. I think that works good as long as you well, as we do our skincare brand is we'll take anybody because it's the old cost of bids. It's not like the Craig brocky $90 you know, the bed that's for you and stuff like that. That's up, yeah, but what we do is we really try to train them up there and and we'll show them examples of, here's other tip, dots, here's frameworks, here's created brief, this kind of stuff. And that helps the newbies that are trying to learn trick dot. When you go above, then you're going to get people that are using the same tools that we're using to identify them, to identify us, to see if you're, you know, a slayer brand that they got to get on, yeah,

Speaker 1  09:50
yeah, no, I like that approach, and that's exactly right. Like, if you are, if you start giving samples away to people that are relatively new on Tiktok shop, right? You've got to, like. Provide them with the training. So that's our goal is. For like, for us, a lot of our creators are stay at home moms or teachers, and so for us, it's like, Hey, how can we help you make a full time income off of this? But now the training falls on us, right? Okay, audience size doesn't matter. So if you take a look at some of like, the views that have come from, million plus views. A lot of these people have 6000 followers. 31,000 followers. Like these aren't big like influencers, so to speak. What level of GMV? Up until now, we've not filtered by GMV. So we just talked about, Do I need to provide them with content brief? So we have, we've seen very little correlation. Thus far worse, we want to roll out a more comprehensive training program, as Brian mentioned, but we have seen no like. The people that we provide more information to don't seem to perform any better than the ones that like seem to just like get it right. I think there's there's people that get it even though they're brand new, and some that just they'll never get it, even you could preach as long as you want to them. So that's been our experience so far. So part two, this is where the real magic happens, and this is how it segues into our DTC strategy. So we add all of our creators to an email newsletter. Okay, so in that email newsletter, this is where we continue to send them reminders about upcoming contests, promotions, etc, okay, and every creator goes through a welcome flow of seven emails, as Brian talked about, this is where we'll say, Hey, this is, this is the information about our brand, and specifically, like, Becca is like, the face of the brand. So it's kind of like, get to know Becca. How does she design our products? And like, what's our what's our story, what's our family story behind the brand? Okay, so what we've done is, like, you take the DTC principles, and I think this is like just tried and true, like affiliate marketing, whether or not you're on Tiktok shop or not, like influencer, affiliate marketing is still a massive revenue driver, even off of Tiktok shop. So what we did is we thought, all right, what do we do for our customers to try that, to try to get them ingrained, to into our brand. Now I'm going to do the exact same thing, but specifically for our creators, and I see that as 10 times the leverage. Rather than getting one person that just bought our product to fall in love with our brand, I want to get 5000 creators to fall in love with our brand. Then those 5000 creators can then go out, keep spreading the word those, each of those 5000 might bring 100 customers, right? That's how we scale. So my focus is exclusively on, like, what are we doing to nurture our email sequences, our communication with all of our creators? Because that's, that's a bigger leverage point than even just our regular customer emails, which are still there. The main

Speaker 4  13:03
goal of the welcome flow is to like, introduce the Creator, to like your brand values and story so that they can create better content. And it's to build a relationship. You just build a really like, just side matches real fast we had they'll go to battle for you, like we had one mom and our group share this competitor that was copying us. I just found this, like they now go about for us, like

Speaker 1  13:29
it's 100% relationship. And like, one of the things, yeah, back. Well Becca is referring to, like we had a live training with our creators. Like it was just a hey, come meet Josh and Becca. Like a zoom call on like, there's a Wednesday night, 9pm at night, right? Most of them are teachers, so it's late at night, and so they'll come join and they're like, they're just, they love seeing like, Hey, this is what Beck is creating. They want to get to know us better. And like, that's the magic. So if, like, you can get this, like, do the things that, honestly, like most ecom entrepreneurs don't want to do they just want to do the stuff that's scalable, right? But like, if you can take the time to sit down and do like, one on one zoom calls, and do host, like, an actual, like, zoom session with your creators on a regular basis. And we have, like, a private Whatsapp group with our top VIPs, and we're, like, constantly, like, just in there sharing and trying to build a relationship. I mean, when, when Becca gave birth last year, it was like we were dropping this into like, I'm reaching out. We had cell phone numbers. It's like, Hey, just wanted to let you know we had we gave birth and like, that's the level of relationship that we have with these creators, and that's that relationship cannot be like goalie and all of their incentives and all that stuff. I believe that our relationship will win out over goalie all day long.

Speaker 5  14:51
How do you manage the time? Because when you work with the day each creator like talking to them, you have VAs to handle that, or you. USO.

Speaker 1  15:00
So we just hired a affiliate director that is going to be responsible for hosting a lot of those one on one calls with the creators. So yes, US based like it's a, you know, we're investing, we're going all in here, because I believe this is the future of Ecom for DTC scale, Amazon scale, and everything we're doing right now, right? Anything that you do on Tiktok, and especially on Shopify as well, for meta spend, the halo effect is massive onto Amazon, like, and that was the unlock for me, right? Like, what's interesting is, like, MDS. Like, there's this big group of MDS members. Like, look how small this room is. This is the secret sauce, if you scale and crush it on Shopify or Tiktok, because you have a good meta strategy, or you have a good influencer affiliate strategy, or you have good just kind of like AdWords strategy. Guess what happens? Amazon is 10 times easier for you because of all the external marketing going on for your brand, 10 times easier, like, I've been able to like less ad spend on Amazon, more ad spend off Amazon, and now we're having a better opportunity to rank and stay ranked on Amazon because of that. That's the shift that's happening, and the Amazon guys that don't pick up on that you're going to eat their lunch in three to five years, 100% so welcome flows train creators how to create good videos as well. So you know how to actually start making money on Tiktok shop. We talk about the hooks. Join a course about, like, boosting your sales. Okay? And then this is, like, just as an example, this is like the content calendar that we send out or that we share via our emails with our Creator. So you'll see, like, member new monthly contest goes out the beginning of each month. We have, like a viral sales script, so we'll break down one of the videos that's performed well. We'll break it down for the creators. We'll do a creator spotlight every week that's like, Hey, here's the best, most recent, best performing video. We have, like a contest leaderboard. Talk about upcoming flash sales, new product launches, and we wrap up with like, contest pushes. So every month we're doing a contest. Okay, all right, so what do these emails look like? As simple as this, they're not pretty, they're not great like this. They're just thrown together. But it's just like, it's just who we are as the brand, right? And we're just trying to like communicate in a fun way with our creators, trying to like we want them to know like this is just like a real husband and wife team that's like, we're trying to build that relationship with all right? So What software do we use to send the newsletters? Beehive is my personal recommendation there. We don't use Klaviyo is great for DTC stuff when you're communicating with customers and you want to be able to, like, track revenue and all that stuff, but like, go the cheap route, beehives, cheap and easy to build out when you're just focused on the creators. And then number two, what type of content do you share via the newsletters? Like I said before, the flash sales, spotlighting creators when they go viral sales scripts and hooks and announcing monthly contests, leaderboards, new product launches, and even allow creators like sample your brand new products before they come out, give you feedback.

Speaker 1  18:37
All right, and then, what do we do with our creators? So, like I said, personal text messages each month go a long way. So, like I said, when we gave birth, it's like, Hey, here's a here's the new baby boy, you know? And they then they love that, right? So what's been the best contest so far? When we doubled their commissions? So we're like, hey, during this month, if you want, will double your commission. Whoever hits in, for us, it was like in the top 10, the top 10 creators who generate the most GMV or sales during the month will get double their commission. And then again, you can take a page out of like goalie and no positives book, right? So even though they're giving out like crazy rewards. What we have found, what's really interesting is, like, $50 goes a real long way. Like, astonishingly, one of our contests was like, hey, post like 15 videos in the month get $50 post 30 videos in the month get $100 the number of people that we had, we had over, we had hundreds of people that participated. Like, that's content at scale, right? So they, a lot of these people will do a lot for very little. And then we've been beta testing yuka's new contest feature. It's actually working really, really well for us, because what it allows you to do is like, set like, it's only tracking the sale. Details that come from the posts that were generated during this month. Whereas a lot of the other softwares are just like trailing GMV, it will track individual like video performance during a set period of time, and then it updates regularly, and the creators have their own login so they can check their leaderboard status on the regular which, again, more gamifies. It sounds like this is a lot of work. Is it really necessary? Like, I would say yes, like, you do the work that, like most people won't do, and when you do that, that's when, like, the 10x rewards come. Okay, so now, are you ready for Shopify success? And I tell you this because I'm that type of guy. Like, I've been in E commerce for the last decade. However, like, I've wanted to have my own, like, D to C store. I've always wanted to own the customer, not have Amazon, you know, be like, the end all, be all. But like, I have failed numerous times on Shopify. Like, from 2020 set 2017 to 2020 we probably invested over 200 $300,000 trying to get a Shopify store up and running, and all these, like, I joined a bunch of masterminds to try to figure this stuff out. And maybe we made $10,000 like, maybe we just lost a lot of money. And so for us, this was kind of like, this is what broke everything wide open. Is this whole creator funnel broke everything wide open. Because for us, the challenge before was your ad creative. How do you have ad creative that can scale on meta. You've got to have a good hook, you've got to have a good script, and you've got to have a good landing page that can convert those people, right? So it's like, man, if I'm selling on Amazon full time, right? And that's what I know. Like, moving over to the D to C space, as you guys all know, like, it's another animal, like, it's a different, like, set of skills that allow you to, just like, succeed and kill it on Amazon. Amazon's already got the traffic. You just need to steal the traffic from your competitor, which is main image optimization, pricing, advertising strategies. All right, that's easy on the D to C side. You got to stop people while they're in the middle of scrolling Instagram Facebook, right? And you've got to get something good enough that's going to make them stop. And so the challenge was always like, so how do I do this if I'm not like, my full team is not a production agency, and Becca and I, we spent a ton of time trying to be creators. We're not creators, right? We can be, but like that leaves very little other time for the rest of the stuff. So this is what unlocked it for us. So take the viral videos that you've already got permission to use because they filled out the Google Form gave you usage rights. Then you light it up in meta, okay? You direct people to a Shopify landing page. Okay? And then right now, out of the gate, we were hitting five row as now as we're scaling, we're at 2.5 ROAs, but out of the gate during our first anytime we've launched a brand new funnel, when we're first testing, we've been hitting four to five row as out of the gate. Okay, all right, so create your ad in meta. So as you can see, we took one of our Creator videos, and then this is as simple as that ad is. So you're welcome to go to our you guys all know this. Go to our Facebook page. You can go see every single one of the ads that we're running, and you can see exactly like, how this is all working. We had one that was like, Hey, you're using this. And I was like, Okay, well, we can take it down. But he's the same guy that actually just reached out and was like, Hey, your competitors. Like, he posts all the time, so he's all in. So he said, like, hey, like, I didn't know this was going on. It's like, well, you click this bot button, and he was like, But, I mean, this is 1000s of creators, right? So to have one,

Speaker 4  24:13
he's is it is that using the Tick Tock format, like, I

Speaker 6  24:17
got meta didn't like you to use tick that's what was created in tick

Speaker 1  24:22
tock. We've removed the we've removed the Tick Tock logo. There's no tick tock logo on there. The on

Speaker 7  24:30
screen captions that were created in tick tock.

Speaker 1  24:34
It doesn't care about that, okay? And that's one of the other leverage points. Like, we're hiring an in house video editor to like, now that we've got 1000s and 1000s of pieces of content, we can go re spin those a million times over now and create new ads, but just mashing up all of this content like, that's the magic here. You know Alex hermosi talks about this right when he was trying to build up his five. Following on on social right, he went and paid over six figures to go get like, I think he was talking to what's his name? I can think of him out of Florida. I've lost him. No anyways, he'll come. Oh, Grant Cardone, okay, so he wanted to say, like, how would you grow your following? Like, why? Like, you've built a good social following. Why is that right? Pays him over six figures. And he says, like, I go in there. And he asked him, like, well, how many times are you posting a day? And Alex is like, Oh, I'm feeling good. Like, maybe two to three, right? And then the answer comes back, like, try 400 he's like, you don't need to say anymore. I got it. So it's a volume thing. So the exact same thing happens here. This is a volume game. So on meta, the content, like, the testing that you just got to dump, like, and what's interesting, Tiktok is already going this route with GMV Max, but meta is moving in the same direction, which is like, yeah, you basically will have one ad campaign, and our AI will, like, serve it to the right people, in the right spots, in the right funnel, right is it still Brian's thunder? But like, at the end of the day, though, what they want, and it's the same thing that Tiktok wants. I just want a lot of videos to choose from. Give me a lot of videos to choose from. Give me a lot of videos to choose from. So when all you have to do meta loves this, just give them new content every day, every day, every day, every day, 10 pieces of new content. Like, we're just like, always feeding the beast, and then they're gonna go spin it up. How many? I mean, you could, heck no, yeah. I mean, we're a very small brand compared to some of the there's some massive brands. Kat, quick question, yes, yeah, go ahead and

Speaker 8  26:58
ask away. So what are we talking about? Roughly, gross margins to be able to pay us out on your products.

Speaker 1  27:05
So gross products, profit margins after fulfillment, excluding ads and affiliate commissions, we're coming out 20% net margin.

Speaker 8  27:21
Like, okay, twice a net margin after paying them. Yep. And what was it for? Like, for instance, you buy it for five What do you sell for?

Speaker 1  27:29
So 90% is our like, call it cm one, right? And then cm two after fulfillment is going to be at 60% you're

Unknown Speaker  27:39
using fulfilled by Tiktok

Speaker 1  27:42
for sub very, very few products. A couple of our top ones will use FBT. Everything else is just MCF, because the MCF rates, they're about $1 difference right now between FBT. So it's easier. I have everything optimized for Amazon right now,

Unknown Speaker  28:01
what are you some of your best affiliates?

Speaker 1  28:05
Oh, I mean, like few 1000 bucks a month, two to five Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:10
a lot of them were into like, hundreds of dollars.

Speaker 1  28:13
Oh, yeah, they're very happy with few 100 bucks because they're all like, stay at home, moms again and teachers, right? Yeah, good questions. Okay, all right. So here's the other thing that I think has allowed us to succeed, especially because we have a very large SKU catalog, 1600 SKUs is no joke. What we've done is we take the best performing product, right? There's the one going viral on Tiktok. So what we'll do is we create one landing page for it. Notice how there is there's no other banner, there are no other links to go click and shop our store. You can do one thing on this page, and that is checkout. That's it. And it's kind of using the old, tried and true principles of just like a squeeze page, right? It's like, you come in here, there's only one thing to do so you don't get distracted. Yeah, this is it. What do you

Unknown Speaker  29:13
use? Is that a Shopify?

Speaker 1  29:15
Shopify page? Yep, built on gem pages. We just modify it on gem pages.

Speaker 2  29:25
Yep, you don't let people go to other pages, just, just in one day, right?

Speaker 1  29:29
One sales page. That's it. Yep. This, I mean, it's one, it's just a set. It's a sales page, right? So the thing's not working. But this was like a GIF that, like, scrolls down the whole page, but if you don't like so there's, like, reviews, testimonials, all of that, that sit below that, right? And then there's another Add to Cart button that if you click that goes back up to the top. Okay? But here's the thing, if you don't create a. Dedicated sales page. And this is what's interesting, is like, you'll fail, okay, especially if you have a large SKU catalog, like, they just scroll brain, like, Oh, this is interesting. This is interesting. 10 minutes later, they're still looking at crap, and then the phone rings and they're gone, right? That's the challenge that most brands fall into. And so that's the trap, like, especially, like, you're trying to just get people bought in, right? So get them to buy and then you can upsell them afterwards. That's our whole strategy that I think has made this a win this time, whereas it hasn't been a win in the past.

Speaker 3  30:35
So if you click, if you take that offer, that one, two or three opera do you have in car upsells and start upsell

Speaker 1  30:41
100% Yep, you'll see that. So let's talk about that next. All right. So how do you turn a $25 Amazon product into a AOV that's close to $100 on Shopify, right? Because what's your guys's Kat right now, what do you guys like? What do you what are you buying customers at? Right now?

Unknown Speaker  31:01
34 bucks. That's good. That's that's really good. That's impressive.

Speaker 1  31:09
40, yeah, we're at 40 as well. In general, yeah, you got, like, somebody that has like, a $25 product on Amazon. You're like, yeah, good luck, right? So that's us, our product, like our most expensive products, $25 so how do you stay? How do you have success with this, right? So this is how all right. So this product normally retails for on Amazon for 25 bucks. So we say, Hey, you can get this one kit for $49 through this funnel, right? Still, double the price of Amazon. Or you could get two kits for and then that comes out to be 3950 each. Or if you come down here and get the three kits, and we have, it's basically a bundle of a few different products, our top selling ones, obviously, we'll give them to you each for $35 each. And you're still wondering, like, Why in the world, somebody's still paying more than they're paying on Amazon. So now we're able to include multiple free PDF files to enhance the value. So with that, you get our most popular all about today, activity, printable kit that we sell on Etsy, most popular one, we're including it for free, right. Emotional mastery PDF tool sets, like one of those, like, what do they call them, the private label, like, printables and stuff that you can go buy and like those books. And then we have the Early Learning jumps digital workbook, which is just a bunch of printable worksheets, again, PLRs is what they're called that we added in here. Go ahead, Michael, almost like, less than 5% like, it's very, very rare, yeah. Like, everybody and like, there's a met. Like, almost everybody is buying the three kits. Like, it's 75% of our orders are three kits or more.

Speaker 4  33:01
But all the stuff, in the case there are digital, they're not visible products.

Speaker 1  33:06
Three of them are those are three posters that you could go, hypothetically, get on Amazon for $25 each. But the value stack so like, they're getting, like, six products, if you will, combine. Three are digital, three are physical products. Does that make sense? Okay? Then, as Brian was asking right, as soon as they they're checking out here, we're going to say, Hey, you want to complete your kit with even more. So we'll have additional upsells, okay? Current AOV is $85 for this funnel. So we're profitable on the front end, which, as you guys know, this is the most exciting part. If I can be profitable on the front end, we're gonna we're gonna just kill this thing. Because, in general, best DTC practices, especially if you have a consumable product, is like, lose money, as long as you can make that money up in 30 days, consider it a win, and then you have a bigger LTV, right? So this is us with just this front end offer. Is what I'm saying is, like the magic sauce. I don't have a great process yet that will be, hopefully my presentation next year, of like, how we've just crushed the LTV for this thing, but from the front end, this is what we're doing to basically continue to print money from all the Creator videos, just reusing what's already working on Tiktok. And obviously, here's the good news, anything that does really well on Tiktok, high correlation to performing as a really good video ad on meta, okay, but wait, there's more. So here's where it gets real exciting. We're doing a bunch of tests right now, so I don't have a lot of data to give this to you, but this is where the magic is happening for a brand like myself, where we don't have a consumable product that you need to have on repeat purchase. This is like 10. Typically you buy it once, and like, you're like, I'm good. But because we have 1600 different products, I'm trying to do what whoop has done in the past, right? And whoop has, yes, you have your monthly subscription to the whoop band. However, there's a separate subscription if you want to be their whoop pro subscriber, and you get access to their newest accessories and the colored bands, and you get a free one every quarter. So that's basically what we're rolling out here, right? Free $10 gift card. So it's $5 per month access additional printables. We have a whole printable website that we spent years making back in the 2017 era, when we were trying to do Shopify back then. So just re, re leveraging that again, up to 50% off future order. So they're going to get like, 30% off coupon codes on a regular like, every month, and then unlimited free shipping. They get first dibs on next big launches. So that's $5 of continuity. And imagine what happens when you continue to stack that month over month over month, and even if they just stay around for a couple months, like that's another 10, $15 that, again, allows me to go buy more customers, more customers. Brian, what's the mechanism that you're using to do that? How are we the app? So it's just a skew, yep.

Unknown Speaker  36:25
People are taking this.

Speaker 1  36:26
So the upsell was at 5% Yep. But we're we're testing a few different things out right now. There's also another program that we're looking at doing instead of like so they're buying the preschool Headstart kit we're looking at introducing, like, Hey, we've got 12 months of products to give you, but that one's going to be $100 per quarter that we want to get people into. And then they get, like, different sets of posters and learning kits every three months. So that's another one that we're testing out, but this is the first one that was just, like, easy, like, we don't have to fulfill anything. This is just handing out promo codes

Unknown Speaker  37:06
so you only run video ads.

Speaker 1  37:11
We are that's why I say, like, when I talk to that agency guy, he's like, Dude, you're on hard mode and doing this. Well, there's nothing else in our ad account other than creator videos, that's it. So what he had said, he's like, Dude, it's 70% videos, 30% static. And then he's like, then you have to have a bunch of, you know, you'll have your retargeting and stuff set up. Like, we're not even doing a lot of those basics, right? But, and then he's like, You need to have founder testimonials, just overall. And I would argue these, these are all, like, basically customer testimonials, in a way. He's like, you should have no true testimonials. I was like, okay, but those were some of, like, those are easy, like, obvious best practices. But like, like, I said, this is just our first year. We've hit over a million dollars in sales. And that's why, like, for us, this was just, like a test. Could this work? And if it does, now I'm gonna go hire the team to actually go build this out and scale it correctly.

Speaker 9  38:12
See people do this as a, like, a discount to, like, pay $5 a month to get 10% off.

Speaker 1  38:17
Yeah, 100% tons of T shirt brands have done that, yep.

Speaker 4  38:21
So you hadn't been, have you been running meta ads successfully before this

Speaker 1  38:29
zero experience with meta ads? Before that, prior going back to 2017 2018 Yes. But before that, we weren't doing anything with it.

Speaker 4  38:38
And how much like energy you guys been putting into Instagram? Like, do you have that really built out channel three,

Speaker 1  38:47
we post there zero times. No. I mean, our brand's 10 years old, so like back in the day, yes, and we gained 35,000 followers by 2017 I think we've maybe gained an additional 1000 followers over the last nine years. We've probably lost more.

Speaker 4  39:10
I do get weird like, I don't like, stand like, if you guys don't like, when I don't understand, how that your one page, what your your landing page, like, if you can't click off of it to a customer, can't click off of it to check the brand, you know, and there, and then your Instagram is kind of dead.

Speaker 1  39:31
It's not dead, like, it's just, there's just repost that. Like, it's just reposting

Speaker 4  39:36
your brand enough to, like, buy a bunch of stuff. Do you have, do you have a lot of testimonials or, like,

Speaker 1  39:42
on our website? I mean, if you go look at our website, there are a lot of, yeah, there's test, uh huh.

Speaker 3  39:48
It's also hard goods versus, like, skincare, like, we gotta have some trust with the stuff on their base. But if we're buying stuff for our kids, like, like, you know, the rest needed the kids, it looks pretty it's. Name it, colors. Give You Up. Great. Yeah. A few slides back, what is your up? Tail card, app that you're using,

Speaker 1  40:10
I would need to look at it. I'll look at it. I'll pull it up. I'll pull it up. Yep, this is not luck. We've actually replicated it with the same success with three different products. So we have the viral pre K posters. Then we're like, Hey, I wonder if the same process would work for Bible posters. Totally different. Audience, it's working for the Bible audience, then we're like, what about Spanish posters teaching kids Spanish? Same thing. So like, we've been able to replicate this funnel and different offers three different times successfully, all just using creator videos and take Brian's content, put some AI behind our videos have even more. So, yeah, we've been able to charge more for our products, even if your competitors have insanely low prices. Have an ethical way that people search, find and buy your products without without impacting your Amazon TOS right, because people are just naturally doing this. They see you on meta, they're going to search, find and buy you on Amazon. And same thing that happens on Tiktok, move 25% of your sales off of Amazon within six months. That's what we were able to do between Tiktok and Shopify, increase the number of people searching for your brand or product, and have a strategy that can 10x your business if you go all in. So that's kind of like I love like E commerce is getting harder, but I love it. I love that Amazon is coming out with, like, a whole bunch of compliance requests and variations are harder. Reviews are harder. I love it. I absolutely love it, because the people that are weak and don't want to, like, pay attention and do the hard things, they follow the wayside, the people that win three to five years from now are the people that are building true brands. And what I mean by a true brand is creating a brand of loyal people, whether it's your audience of customers that love you, or it's a creator army that absolutely love your brand and will fight tooth and nail for you. If you do that, you'll come out ahead the Chinese overseas brands, they will all fall to the wayside. We've watched them come in and come out to different markets over the years, and they will do the same thing, because Amazon ad costs are only going to increase, and fulfillment costs on Amazon, FBA fees are only going to increase. And I love it because I'm going to make more money by doing all of these strategies off of Amazon that will allow me to crush it. So that is it. Q and A,

Speaker 4  42:52
I question going back to earlier, when you were talking about the form to well, okay, this is my question. It's like, how much of your content on Tiktok is really shitty? Because, like, we

Speaker 7  43:09
have half of the stuff that our affiliates create is god awful.

Speaker 1  43:14
That's probably about the same. Probably 50% believe that they actually

Unknown Speaker  43:19
have, like, stoop so low as to post something that bad.

Unknown Speaker  43:23
I've had some Yeah, in like the contest, yeah, it's a numbers game.

Speaker 1  43:33
But who cares? And get your brand name out there. It's another post. It's another video.

Speaker 9  43:39
Sometimes the worst content goes viral. Sometimes those things that you don't think are good,

Speaker 1  43:44
the most polished ones, never go well. It's always the weird, like, like, we're

Speaker 9  43:47
just talking about this, like, you can't be critical of your own stuff. The customer has to decide, and have to test it right? Yeah.

Speaker 2  43:56
How many affiliates are you paying?

Speaker 1  43:59
How many affiliates are we paying per month? Zero people are on retainer.

Speaker 8  44:05
Oh, we have 4000 creators. What percent of joint missions?

Speaker 1  44:09
All of them are on commissions. Oh, like, oh, I don't even know that answer. I know that our top 30 VIPs generate over 90% of our GMB on a monthly basis. So it's a that's 4000 people, 30 are actually driving 90% of the revenue. So, but again, for me, I see this as a funnel. Really good person to go check out, by the way, is Josh snow with the snow cosmetics. He has a wicked smart like Tiktok strategy of in the way that they're scaling their Tiktok right now is basically they're going out they get people to sample their products, then they'll see what their first videos look like. Then they'll invite them into this VIP program, or what, where they will pay them on retainer for 30 days, 250 bucks or so. Okay? And then they say. Create 30 pieces of content, one per day for me. Okay, at the end, if you do that and you follow our brand scripts and guides, we'll give you that $250 what they're doing is like, they take the top third of those people, move them over, elevate them to the next level, and then they just regurgitate and over and over and over again. And so they'll kick people off retainers are like, sorry, you didn't do you didn't hit our GMB thresholds. So go back to the drawing board. Here's our here's our education. But he's doing this exact same thing with Shopify, and he's as part of that retainer. How he's doing this to leverage it on Shopify. Anybody that gets that $250 retainer, they have to opt in for usage rights. So he's like, adamantly being like, by the way, moving forward, any content you create for us is now we can reuse it. So that's how he's doing it.

Speaker 8  45:52
We had a program for our videos that we do through reversion, and what I found there were a couple that sold, okay, then less so now. But the big problem was having is that these little mum and pop that, hey, I got a commission last month. I think I'm $10 short. So can we look at like, no man, no other Rudolph and stuff like, it kind of fell onto me, and I didn't have anyone so. But what do you, I mean, a lot of these people, if you're putting time into managing a person getting $8 a month that, top of that, someone has to go in there, actually, over there, for

Speaker 1  46:23
sure. So a Tiktok does all of that for us. Like, Tiktok handles all of the payment and tracking, like, because it goes through Tiktok. So, like, that's, that's the advantage of Tiktok. But regardless, I have three people that are dedicated to my Tiktok account right now. Number one, two are offshore ones in the US, but I pay one of my offshore people near six figures to do this. Number one is customer support, so dealing with the 4000 creators that are constantly reaching out about this or that. Okay. Number two, somebody that's the face, at least interacting with our creators, because they want time, right? And I want an intimate relationship with each creator. And then the last one is, like, data analytics. So I talk, I took my top guy on Amazon that was, like, my SEO expert, my best ads guy, and I'm like, let's go do the same thing to Amazon. So he's building out like Power BI reports left and right. Did testing a few different things. I know ads are limited, but he's testing quite a quite a bit, and what we can do and have influence over testing out our optimization for SEO over there. So yeah, we're all in on Tiktok, but that's because I see that as number one leverage to 10x the business. Because if I can get Tiktok shopping, these creators right, Shopify just follow suit. Like that's an easy drop in the bucket, and then Amazon is 10 times easier if Tiktok is running well,

Speaker 8  47:55
I don't drive enough. But what percent of Tiktok buyers are women? Because I would imagine this is probably

Speaker 1  48:02
for our brand, Sure, definitely. But, I mean, I would argue there's just as many men and buying

Unknown Speaker  48:09
stuff. Wonder if, in jiu jitsu wise,

Speaker 3  48:13
oh, massive, it's a visual thing. So my kid does a scroll Tick, tock. So you done jiu jitsu stuff? Massive? Calling all over the place. It's, yeah, yeah, bossing them in any sport. I think it's just, you know, what's the vertical, right? Like the women, candle buyers, women jiu jitsu stuff, probably guys. All right, let's give it up. Yeah, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai