Speaker 1  00:05
I started my life as a professional PowerPoint trainer, and I got fired because every single person refunded. I'm just kidding, but I'm just I'm literally the worst person at PowerPoint that could ever chat. GPT didn't help me at all. So, all right, I'm going to talk a little bit about our company. BJ, fanatics, and now, BJ, super deal. So we are a we're the largest provider on earth of instructional videos for martial artists. I'm guessing your son will know. Yeah, cool. So one of my business partners was one of the best guys in the world. 10 years I do it recreationally, and I still compete in, like old guy tournaments. They actually got in Vegas around September Labor Day weekend, 12,500 competitors at the World Championships for masters, for people over 30. They have different belt and weight and age divisions and that kind of thing. And so it's just, it's become this enormous sport. The reason it's so popular is because older guys can do it. If you watch older guys, 4550 trying to play basketball, it's a pretty pathetic sight. But if you watch them do Jiu Jitsu, or something that doesn't have a whole lot of explosive movement, Jiu Jitsu, golf, they they're still pretty good, right? So that's sort of been the focus of it. So we started off in 2000 end of 2014 2015 think our first year, we actually sold goods, and we also made some videos, and we sold about 250 our first year. And the second year, we said we're gonna focus more on videos. We got it up to about a million. Then it went to one seven, and then we, we kind of timed it right around the same way Nike timed it with Michael Jordan, where there was one sort of transformational athlete that was developing, and we signed him right before he won on this historic run of winning matches. And so him and his coach have for about eight years been our number one sellers, and I have a very close relationship with them. And so it's worked out really well for us. The coach has actually sold over $30 million in instructional videos. So we run a lot of meta ads, where as I'll show you, we're really busy with our email marketing, and we have a really, we have a good standing in the community. So, alright, so I grew up playing sports. I got into Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and about 2003 started making, yeah, I made a couple videos before I went to business with my business partner, had did some graduate school with moderate success developing real estate, but it wasn't something that I want to do for a living. I find that when people are spending literally 10 times as much as they have, they're just very nervous. It's always an unpleasant situation. Every deal almost falls apart about 10 times. So I was looking to go into something with sort of a lower ticket value. Yeah. I mean, I've had, what makes me cool, I think I've had a lot of failure, but just kind of keep coming back to stuff. So as I alluded to, beauty fanatics is the instructional video platform. We have over 5500 titles, 1500 plus instructors. We made Mike Tyson's video. If you've heard any heard of UFC athletes, we make Kat video we made. So we're in with a lot of with a lot of the biggest ones. Those aren't always the best sellers. The best sellers are the jiu jitsu guys, because jiu jitsu a lot of things, being lucky and jiu jitsu is video. Information transfers very, very well over video. I've tried to make basketball videos. We hired the guy who led the NBA in three point shooting, and no one wanted it. Because the reason is, I mean, like you do Jiu Jitsu to do it yourself. And when you, when you're almost everybody's done playing basketball at 14, a lot of people down at 14. Most people are done at 18, and then almost everybody's done a 22 so you're buying it for your kid, if you're buying an instructional program and you're just thinking, Oh, my kid's not going to watch it. So whereas when you're buying a jiu jitsu video, it's better. Now I would relate it to golf. The problem with golf is that some of these guys make some serious money. And even if they sold what we what we sold here, and I don't know, it wouldn't put a dent in the type of man. No, you guys have heard of the golfer, Phil Mickelson. He lost $50 million gambling, and there was a commenter on Twitter who was making fun of him for losing $50 million and he actually replied to the post. He said, You're 100% right. I really regret losing the $50 million but. It. I'm just trying to figure out what you can't buy for 750 million that you can buy for 800 so if you're talking about the amount to get involved with the best golfers in the world is cost prohibitive. So this seems to be as far as I've seen, the best video niche, at least as far as sports. We've now built it. So our Facebook, our meta rep, has told us that we have about 90% of the instructional video market. So it's there becomes some switching costs. So once people have all their content in their BJJ fanatics video library, it's there. It's there in one place. So do they want to go around to somebody's membership site and try to remember? So there are now we do have a little bit of a moat around us. As far as videos, we have, 80% of our customers, according the Shopify, are returning. So I think the person I told that to said that's extraordinarily high. So we've started a new site, BJJ super deals. We decided to go with the one day sort of deal platform model, almost like a Groupon type situation. One of the reasons was that's actually the site that we launched before we launched BJ fanatics, we brought it back, and what it does for us with that scarcity that happens, because it's only on there for one day, you do get higher conversions. And we start to learn what people want and what they don't. And you get vastly different conversion rates depending on the products that you put up there. So this is what we're putting on merchandise. We already up to about a 25% returning customer rate. We're at about $55 AOV. I think it's costing us now about 20, $25 to get a to get a new customer on there, somewhere in there, on meta. But we also get a lot of direct traffic and that sort of thing. We So, as I was saying, we were doing horrible until the beginning, early part of this year, and then we started making rash guards. I don't know if you know what those are. Rash guards are the it's like a tight fitting t shirt that people wear when they do NoGi Jiu Jitsu. There's a lot of design freedom in there. So what we found was that when we started to put up our we made one. We made one brand called impassable, meaning it's sort of like a jiu jitsu term, meaning you're you get super powers when you put this ski on. And it had very it was very unexciting, very mediocre. And what we found was when we started making rash guards for specific communities within Jiu Jitsu, there is a disproportionate amount of firefighters that do Jiu Jitsu. So when we put a firefighter rash guard on there, it's going to do so we're now selling to firefighters in in Jiu Jitsu, the conversion rate really soared. And so, for instance, some of our best selling ones would be a Mexico a Mexico themed rash guard for Mexican Americans. One from Texas, absolutely killed one from Hawaii, even though it's not a lot of people in Hawaii. So we're finding these little niches, and we're getting better at what we're selling. Today, we're going to set the record. We're doing one for a charity called Tap cancer out, which is the whole jiu jitsu tournaments. And I think we're selling the rash guard for $34 we're buying it for delivered for about 10 and we're just giving them a $5 commission. And so they're sort of our influencers, even the firemen. So that's what we're sort of fighting out now, as far as ramping up now, we've gone from call it selling $5,000 a month to selling over 100,000 getting up towards 200 there's some factory and just where our guys are now saying, what are you what are you doing to us? These are all made in Pakistan. And so we're sort of getting everything figured out. We don't want to explode too fast and not have the product to put out there, so, but we are reinvesting everything we're making, put it as far as the merchandise, putting it back into the business. So we're gonna, I'm gonna use the influencer stuff. The problem is, is that right now, we wouldn't be able to deliver the products. So we need to, we need to get them here. There's a sales cycle. It's very, very new that this stuff started selling so, so high. But it's, it's really consistent about catering to these little groups. So on BJJ, fanatics, we have a conversion rate site wide of about three and a half percent. Lifetime value is up around 750 bucks. I mean, BJ, super deals. Conversion Rate. It's even higher, but it's a lower ALV. I want to start thinking about doing bundles again, though. The problem is the constraints of we don't have the products yet. This is all going to happen, but we we're now using we don't even have a real warehouse. We had two filming studios, and now we have one, because now there's merchandise all over the second studio. And so I. We're getting things figured out, but it's happening quick.

Speaker 1  10:04
Emails are strong. Our strongest channel by far, cart abandons our best flow. Over 70% of our people use coupons. We have them all floating out there. We've just put in a coupon, saving tool, a tool. When someone puts in a coupon, it doesn't work. It'll, it'll suggest one that's been, that's been very, very helpful. I think it's, it's brought in extra five figures per month. And yeah, the highest ROI engagement and conversion.

Speaker 1  10:41
Wind back flows have worked to some degree, but the Kat abandon one has been the really big one. Yeah, I was told about the coupon code helper. So one thing we've done so there was just a very big tournament in Vegas. And what we did is we were able to it was for free, because this guy makes videos with us. We said, Can we make a free video and we'll put it on there for BJ fanatics, free. And we found that there's an we got just in that one tournament that was happened. It was on, it was free on YouTube that over a million viewers on it, it had, we find that we get an average LTV of over $25 each for each free person out there. Now a lot, most people, don't buy anything, but there's no cost. I mean, they go there for free. And so that's that's a really big one for us. And we get strong, good, well or goodwill, and we got a lot of lead gen. And

Speaker 2  11:41
so how's that working? So what's the strategy there?

Speaker 1  11:45
So basically, BJ fanatics.com backslash free. And you go there, for instance, you would download a Craig Jones video, right? And so you go there, you would buy it like you normally would be, get 100% off free coupon, but then you're just going into our flows after that. Now, most people that do it don't buy but some do, how did you get the 10,000 videos? So what we did is we, we ran an ad, or he did it for us for free during his event on YouTube, and as people went there, just to direct and we BJ, fan, edx.com/free,

Unknown Speaker  12:19
okay, so you like partnered with a bigger kind of

Speaker 1  12:22
but he's here. I mean, he's someone who we pay seven figures to a year for making videos. He's a suit. He's a hyper seller for us. He's a big star in this little niche. Yeah, he's got the audience you want, yeah. So we say, Hey, can you do us a favor? Can we put this out on there? Sure, you'll make more money. Done. And basically, like, the Commission's the athletes get on their own videos, it comes out to about half. So, so, I mean, so we have multiple guys making seven figures in a year, and, like, it's probably even more than you when you say, like, this 30 hyper something. For us, there's 10 really huge ones. And then the other small little people in the store, they sell, they sell little so in a way, it does happen where they're always out there pumping their own video, but we just haven't figured out a way to do it for merch. But what we figured is that about 5% of people who do Jiu Jitsu will buy a supplementary video to help them get better at technique. By definition, 100% of the people will buy merch. So it's a much bigger, it's a much more competitive market. So, yeah, we do meta, we do Google, we do YouTube ads, we have, we have positive ROI. I think it was about 2x on traffic going across. It depends, obviously, it depends a lot on the product. Depends a lot on the creative that we're advertising. We get high engagement open rates on an email talk about that. So this is Mike Tyson's video that we did. We have John and Gordon or Craig, who are big they're a big sellers. These two guys are having probably a war that would be rival big ID and Tupac, which actually drives a lot of traffic to the and so we're able to work with both of them, and there's just a lot of social proof that we have the best athletes on there. So repeat purchase rates, they obviously they vary by site, talking about 80% on BJ fanatics, which is 10 years old, and BJ super deals, which is, in a fact, really only a few months old. It was very, very small up until that so we're encouraged. Early merch data is very promising. Some of our best customers for videos. So we don't charge continuity. We decided to go against it. Some of our best customer will spend $20,000 on videos a year, which means they're buying over 100 instructional videos in a year. A 100th best. Customer will spend over 4000 in a year. So we have these absolute devoted addicts that, and it's so good that we never went into a continuity model, where you could get and now. And we also have a very clear pathway which to pay the athletes. They're very, very happy with us, and we've been able to navigate that process pretty well, so I'm really glad that we kept a simple model for that with a merchandise it gets more complex. Bundling has worked, but again, this supplier issues, I talk about one thing we've talked about, so there's a jiu jitsu charity called I'm up here. I'm freezing on it. But we defy and what they do is they pay for the service members with PTSD that they can pay their membership pay for their equipment. We sold over a few 100 of them in a day when we when we put it up there. So we're finding is that people want to feel connected to a certain message or cause they don't. Most of the gear that's out there is geared towards guys like who can have the toughest looking logo and that sort of thing. Our angle at it, which it seems to be working, is catering to these individual groups. So we have one coming up with the Navy SEALs that I think will probably do pretty well. We have just so we have, we're constantly able to generate pretty good deals. Here. We actually do this one guy who was a huge MMA star in Japan and has, like, a cult following. We got to deal with him so, and we're typically paying out five to $7 on a $34 rash guard as the commission when we do when we deal with them. So there's still decent margins, but not like the 90% like you have, yeah, obviously there's rising ad costs trying to figure out. I mean, we've almost given up on on attribution to some degree. I mean, it's Shopify and Google, they all in the Google Analytics tell us very different stories, and we're really new with the inventory stuff. We're paying it's we're figuring it's costing us by the time we get something, put it in the warehouse, find it, ship it. We're at about $4 I don't know if that's, yeah. I mean, people say it's not too bad, yeah. Okay, so, so that's about where we are. So if you look at this is from, this is a three month cycle that we attributed $3 million to email for us, it's um, these are the different campaigns. We had a huge sale here. We what we did on Prime Day was we just had our own Prime Day on Shopify. We don't sell anything on Amazon right now, just because of our videos, they're much better on Shopify, where there's no real way to do it on Amazon. At some point we are going to have our our products on Amazon. Yeah. See, we email a lot. My email guy sent me this, but how big is your list? About 500,000 Yeah. I mean, if you see like so over this period right here, we had 40 million recipients to the different emails. But the open rate is still up around 50% obviously the click rate is a lot lower, yeah, the bounce rate. But we do have a pretty good standing in the community, because we send from some of our athletes, sometimes they've given us permission, permission to do that. So in a way, we're doing a lot of things that you've talked about, Josh, but it's just in a different format. With the videos, we just haven't been able to build it out in terms of, yeah, we want to grow our merch line aggressively. We're expanding it to knee brace is a big one at some point, supplements, I think, will be pretty good apparel, like lifestyle type apparel, there's none of that right now. Redefined retention and LTV told wasn't good at PowerPoint.

Speaker 3  19:06
You said two emails on one of those slides. Said two to three emails per day. Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  19:10
just from campaigns. Yeah. And we get very low on subscribes. So I mean, all of our Klaviyo people are saying to us, we tell people not to do this, but in your one case, you might want to keep it up, but, but, yeah, this doesn't make any sense. But we find the more we email, the more I mean. Our Klaviyo bills are big. It's like 20 grand or something like that. We're doing SMS too, yeah, they just put something in Texas where, yeah, we're now dealing with that as a pain in the neck, and then we just got, uh, we're now getting sued because our video, our site, wasn't compliant in California to to people, to people, Ada. It's our site was not ADA compliant, like, you know that thing where you click okay on it wasn't worried. I mean, that's that. That's really frustrating. But, um. I mean, that's probably going to be 50, but, yeah, it's annoying.

Unknown Speaker  20:08
What? How long have you been doing this?

Speaker 1  20:11
So we've had probably a little over 10 years.

Speaker 3  20:15
So, and then, how are you like, I think, like, your magic definitely is, like, all these relationships that you have, right? That's the Tyson Gallow that. How, like, how did you begin building those relationships? Because that's like, that, honestly, is like, the sequel sauce that

Speaker 1  20:31
you have. So, yeah, so it's a ladder. And so what? There was a guy when I first started out, and he kept doing instructional videos, and every guy that he would do a video with. First of all, he would have a very predatory type deal where it was like, 80 him 20 then, and then they would have a falling out. He was saying, Yeah, but this guy's a jerk. And this happened, like, why are you doing this? Why don't we just try to think, like, even if you got 100% of the money, right, he's paid the guy up front. Wouldn't it be better off to give 50% just do it with two guys instead of one? I mean, life's gonna be a lot. Easier, and we're just up front on the phone and just making sure, like we really haven't had a bad falling out with basically anyone. And so the managing those relationships, and so the best team in the world, in 2020 21 had a massive fallout. And all the guys on that team were doing videos with us, and we're talking like a biggie, two pack type situation, and where one went here, one went here, and we were able to manage it. We were able to say, explain to them, Listen, I understand. You don't want to be on the same platform as this person, but realize that if there are two platforms, it's worse for you, and long term, and we were just by being straight up. And I'm pretty close friends with the ones that are the two biggest seller. I'm in touch with the top five sellers all the time. One thing is, I do the sport. I mean, there's these guys are generally my heroes. I mean, they're the ones I wanted from. And I love doing it, but it's they see that I'm not a marketer like I'm just a marketer. I'm there trying, and my business partner has a huge standing in the community too. So I'm kind of the one in charge of the relationships. But that's been the because when you said that about the relationships with the influencers, I agree that that's that's really everything, because they can go somewhere else pretty easily.

Speaker 1  22:32
Honestly, mostly purchases, yeah, and it's like, once in a while, we'll give away free videos one of our guys who's considered the best trainer in the world during covid, he decided to give away a free a free video for how to work out at home when you don't have I think we got 230,000 downloads on it. So I want to say, is that, out of 500,000 customers, I think maybe 120 have bought because a lot of the free ones. I mean, we have a ton of them, and again, most of them don't buy, but some of them do. Why we wants money, but, yeah, but I mean, if you do enough of it, I know you said you don't want to

Speaker 3  23:16
do like, continuity model, right? Like wherever, subscription, but in general, like, as a business that can be

Speaker 1  23:22
a much higher valuation. Have you thought about it from a different perspective? I don't, so, and I know this, we're going into it, I don't think that this business is really very exitable. I don't, I don't know. I mean, I think if we were exited, it would be at a it would be at a discount, it would be at a price that would make sense, like, say, for instance, it was 5x and you're going to get 60% of that upfront, and then it's going to be an earning like, what am I doing? I'd rather just have the business. Like, it just doesn't make any sense. So I hear you on that, but the problem is, is that there's an enormous key man problem with myself and my business partner, and so I have all the relationships. He's the face of the company where, I mean, where do we go after that? So to

Unknown Speaker  24:11
the most electronics, from paid or from email.

Speaker 1  24:15
Lot of we have a lot direct at this point. So you're driving maybe with partnerships, but not necessarily the business. Yeah. But the problem is, is that, what if I know, what if the biggest producers decided to go off and start their own site, so you'd be selling all their own content, and they then they'd now be competing with the new stuff? And so again, I've listen. I I like money too. I would if someone want to pay some crazy multiple we've basically, we know, I mean, what I mean, we've, we went that route, like, kind of, fundamentally, this is this just doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Plus, we really enjoy doing it. My question was, why did you create two sites? You. So that's a good point. So couple reasons. One is that, remember, I said 70% of our our videos are there's discounts there. There's all these codes out there that we don't know what they do, right? And we said we our ability to manage this, we don't love So instead, what we do is we have a link on there. So for instance, even though the merchandise is selling well, it still doesn't touch the merch doesn't touch the videos, and the margins don't touch the videos. So we have an apparel navigable link on the main site, and you click that, you go to BJ, super deals, and then it's just so much easier keeping stuff we thought with our we reserved the right to put merchandise on the page in the future, but we don't want to mess with what's been working so well, and then we find it's easier to run traffic to the main page right now, it's basically just a deal daily deal page. Yeah. So I mean, a lot could change in the future, but so far, we're doing a good job of figuring out what actually sells, which is hard. I mean, I mean, we real. We're horrible at guessing, like you guys talked about, you don't. You never know what videos are going to go viral. We have one video that has more views on it than the Shakira Africa song. I think we have, it has over 300 million and it's just a stupid little thing. I mean, you just, you just never know. All right, sorry. So short, hope you guys. All right. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai