Speaker 1  00:04
Kat, okay, so let me just start off by saying that I consider myself the newbie in the room. Okay, I consider myself an Amazon expert. I am a business coach. I've done a lot of things. People paid me money to help scale their businesses, all that kind of stuff. In my journey as a seller, we we have two Amazon brands, my wife and I, when I was trying to answer some of these questions, I'm like, All right, well, what do they want to know? So we're about $12 million across all the different platforms. To give you an idea of our scope, we have some retail business with boutiques. We really cracked into Tiktok last year. That was a pretty big unlock for our brands. We hit $450,000 of sales in a month, which was kind of a big deal on our camel brand. And we started to see some things happen from Tiktok. As Josh said, I'm kind of, I'm gonna, kind of use some of the things you're talking about here. We started to see spillover, right? And I've heard people talk about it, especially in MDS, when you see some of these DTC guys talk about spillover, some amazing things started happening. There little tidbits about me. I'm a chess player. I'm a scuba diver. I've got 8000 or so dives in the Pacific Northwest because I spent 25 years here, that was my big thing. I am not a jiu jitsu guy. My son keeps trying to get me to go to Jiu Jitsu, but I see that kid come home and his ghee is freaking soaked like he jumped out of a pool, and I'm thinking I'd get my ass rocked if I did that. So I've held off on that, as I was saying about my Tiktok experiences. My goal is we really we have a small team. We have about eight of us in our group, and the conversation went like this, we're crushing it on Tiktok. Amazon is an old game. We have to move to DTC. What's it going to take to do that? And to be honest with you, I was the reluctant one, because I too, Josh, have done some DTC stuff and got a big fail, fail, fail. I too, have done meta ads and gotten, you know, crushed because I felt like I need, you know, three different hobbies to try to keep up with stuff. And to me, the big unlock here for us in DTC, and I don't see why I can't work for everybody in this room has been generating ads at scale, and we are living in a time now where we totally can do this. All right, so I have this thing down on the bottom. I said I'd lead a double life here, because I'm here at Amazon's request to help them, and I will meet with four different teams, or three different teams. While I'm here, I will shoot a commercial with them early tomorrow morning. I'm pretty tied into the Amazon network, and let's, let's talk about something that I think so important. All right, you know, Leslie, this is for you in MDS. When you come into MDs, the mindset is everything, all right, so when you're around people that are succeeding, some of that magic dust will rub off on you. And I see that. I see that big time in the DTC communities, like, I'm going to do a big write up on a guy named David Stark. He's an MDS. He's a guy that I talk to daily. We trade our ROAs back and forth every, every day. It's really cool. On WhatsApp, he's doing $55 million on DTC. His brand is called the coldest and they just did a Tiktok mega live. I was actually gonna fly out there just to, like, watch him do it. It's pretty insane the things he's doing. But my point here is, is that you can benefit from other people's stories if you open your mind to do that. And in the past, my mind wasn't opened. It was it was pretty closed in terms of how I projected my growth or the right way I thought about going to do something. So I can't under, you know, you know, overstate enough how important your mindset is. And so my questions I put on there, like coming into this, is, is the Kat gonna be too expensive? It was pretty cool for me to hear people talking about what their Kat was, all right? And if we're going to get that Kat from meta, Tiktok or organic, or where, like, these are all big, like, Fuck, it's, you know, hard to understand. But as you kind of read through these things, I'm not going to read them for you. The big takeaway that I got, it's a derivative of Josh said, is that. This is kind of hard mode, but if we can do hard mode, we will be the people that are standing here one year, two, year, five years, and all the Amazon people will not be and I can assure you, speaking to you as an Amazon expert, I have my DMs flooding me with people asking me to help them with their Amazon business. And there's a lot of sad stories there, and we're living in this space where China can come in, like, let me be a case study for you guys. So I sell candles. I'm not a candle buyer. My wife is, but I'm a marketer, and on Amazon, we sold a candle for $19 the China came in and decided to sell it for $8.99 and like, how do we compete with that? Well, how we competed with that? As we moved our manufacturing out of the US, from Portland, Oregon to El Salvador, we went from a $5.50 cent cogs to $1.98 landed in Houston, and we sold it for 1199, sometimes 999, to get that small and light sale. Okay, but there's not a future in that. It's the Race to Zero. Okay, so this kind of goes back to this. How are we going to go do DTC? Can we do DTC? Can we charge enough? And I'm telling you guys, we're selling a camel for 24 bucks that we sold on Amazon for 11 bucks, and we can't keep them in stock. So it works. So if you take the plunge to own your customers, it will work. All right, so mindset was a big thing for me. All right, so you went kind of strategical in your presentation, showed us the whole jujitsu world. I'm going to relay that to my son. He will be stoked. He was going to go to Las Vegas to to watch. He couldn't compete because he's a white belt and he's 17. I think they did. They don't do that class there. Oh, to be super cool. So I'm going to go tactical. All right, guys. I am new at this, but I want to give you some learnings that are working for me. Okay, so, so this is how I think, I think in frameworks. Okay, so, Leslie, I was where you were at where it's like, oh, man, do I got to just work harder, harder, harder, harder. At some point you have the two hand syndrome, and it's like you can do no work, so you have to hire people. Do you hire the right people? Or do they conk out in a few months? All right? So this is what I came up with. And this is really working. Well. I call this pre click, post click retention. That is my world. This is how I think I don't deviate from this. So if I have a conversation on my DTC business is these three things. I meet with my team every day at one o'clock. It would actually be fun to, like, get them on and do a live call, but each person has a different role. So I'm the pre click guy. Why am I the pre click guy? Because I'm terrified of, like, spending $2,000 a day on meta, and, like, we get no sales. I got to be the guy that manages the money. Okay? I have somebody that is in charge of our on page, and I have two people that are in charge of our retention. That is, that is our framework, okay? So if we go into tactically, what's working and what's not. This is the first thing that I want to share with you. Huge fucking unlock here, guys. Everybody read this? Okay, so what's working is advantage plus flex. Does everybody know what that means? Do I need to be advantage plus flex? Okay, so old school one. I dug in this into those Josh days with you, right alongside you. I had a creative that was hella hard to make, and we put it up, and we tested it. Got mediocre resorts, then we duplicated it, then we made look like audience. We did all this fuck around stuff to try to figure out how to make metal work. Now they've made it easy for us. I believe that they're taking cues from Tiktok in, you know, their GMV Max, like, if we want to talk Tiktok advertising, I'm telling you, mate, keep it simple. Don't do spark ads. Don't do all this stuff. Could Talk Tiktok ads all day long. Stick it in GMV Max and feed as many creative velocities in there as you can from join brands or whatever creator you can get, and you'll have better results. The only hack there is, I would tell you to switch out every couple of weeks, back to spark, back to GMV Max, kind of shock, the algorithm that has worked pretty good. So on Tiktok. Here's what I like about this, is we can supply these creatives here, which we're doing in AI, which anybody can do in min journey or vo or nano banana, all any of these different apps can give you AI generated content. Okay, you take 10 of these and.

Speaker 1  10:01
And that's your flex campaign. So what is flex? All right, it is, I did all the math here for you. What it is is, it's your 10 creatives, five headlines, five description, five primaries, up to 24 placements, plus 10 AI enhancements. So you guys, if you do the math, it's 250,000 possible combinations that you could have for one flex campaign. Think about let that sink in for a second. So instead of all this fool around stuff, what it's doing is it's changing. This picture with this headline, this headline with this call to action. This picture with this and switching, switching, switching, switching, switching. You can do that with statics. You can do that with videos where, Josh, you said, videos are working good for you. Statics are working good for me. We're playing around. We're playing around with more videos, right? But I find that the videos for us, we had to make them even more outlandish, right? To get people to squirrel stop. So huge thing for me, we don't do anything else other than flex. Another thing, if we want to get even more tactical. Here, I had a fantastic call with the coldest Facebook rep. They let me come on their call, and what they're telling me is that you want to combine a static with with carousel, with video with nine by 16 and one by ones, all in one ad group to even get more a higher percentage of favorability to Meta. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about creatives. All right, we're launching creatives four to five times a week. It's a fuck ton of creatives. It really is a lot of creatives, but it's not that hard, guys. So I just to be candid with you, I made this presentation Sunday afternoon, and I went into our Slack channel, and just went grab, grab, grab, grab, to kind of show you what we're doing. So what's happening here? All right. First thing is, we've got lifestyle, right? We we sell candles primarily to women. All right. We're getting a little dei out here where we're trying Red Hand women, blonde women, dark haired women, everybody lifestyle. All right, we're doing one by ones. We're doing nine by sixteens, and we're doing 10 each time. All right, so what I'm finding that's working is it's constant creative iterations. So while I was on the plane here, I was looking at something, and we're getting ready to come out with cinnamon bun candles. I like, Hey, man, I want a whole theme of cinnamon based cinnamon rolls in mom's kitchen in front of the fireplace. And took like, she'll have it in 20 minutes. So she's just going in, taking a theme idea, replicating it, and she's giving me nine by sixteens. She's giving me squares and up it goes to meta. All right, so I don't know well. So what I'm trying to show here is on the videos. What we're doing with AI is we will use an idea. So let's talk about AI for a second. Everybody says AI is easy. It is easy. The tools are super easy. But what's your idea? What's your angle, what's your script, what's going to sell? That's not so easy, all right, so what we do on meta is we will come up with this, wait,

Speaker 2  13:44
Greek pumpkin spice candle. Don't mind if I do

Unknown Speaker  13:56
all right, and then we will iterate it, Greek pumpkin spice

Speaker 1  14:03
and we'll do it with different call to actions, different words, different hooks. Let's go to the next one, and it's the same video.

Speaker 2  14:13
Did you say free candle? Give it to me who said no to free pumpkin spice?

Speaker 1  14:21
Not me. Awesome. So we don't have to watch every one of these things. But what I'm trying to share here is that we will take an idea, and this literally was sometimes I'm the ideas guy. So I got on the call and I said, Hey, I just saw a really kick ass Verizon commercial where they were picking out stuff out out of the phone. Could we do that with the candles. Two hours later, we had 10 of these videos. I looked at them and I went, I don't like this call to action. I think this could be proved. This could be better. We had 10 more an hour later, it's that fast, like you don't have to hire an agency to do all this stuff. You can do it yourselves. I swear to you, it's not that hard. So I. So we take all 10 of these and guess what, we did, flex. We put a flex campaign up, and we let Facebook see which one that it likes. And you know what, I don't think anybody in this room could really pick which one, or if we watched every one of these videos, we'd all have some different ideas. And guess what, our opinions are useless. It really is like meta will tell you. And I think that what's happening is, is that when it runs these, one of them that will get an early signal and just start to run away, all right, which kind of brings me to the next thing that I want to talk about tactically. The way we test these are very important. Is everybody know what CBO is, campaign budget optimization. If you don't, I like to explain it like this. It's Hunger Games. So we're going to put all these into a bucket, into a folder, and say, spend $500 and we're not going to do anything else. So it goes contrary to what we all thought like if you know, if we're thinking Amazon advertising, it's like, okay, tight control, exact match, freeze, match this that, don't forget all that. It's stick it into a bucket. Let them figure it out. They will tell you. And this is the one that that took 80% of that budget. And then when that wins, I move that into a scaled bucket, and we'll stick $500 or $1,000 or whatever it is on that and let it zing. We will actually overlap them for a few days so we don't just cut it off. So that's what we're seeing is working really well. And to me, like, what I'm so excited about is that, like, the sky's the limit, man. Like, if you got the idea, you can do it all right, let's keep moving along. Last thing we do is like, you can, you know, I'm a big proponent of CTR. We're going to look at what see, what gets the click through rates. We've also taken these, and then these will go up on Amazon as a video, right? And we'll do sponsored, sponsored brand, videos with your skincare brand, yep, so, so. So, here's the number one thing, all right, let me like the elephant in the room is AI. Is really cool, but it's like AI. Well, my counter to that is what gets the most clicks. It's aI every single time. So on skincare stuff I'll show you later on my computer, because it's too big to to, like, download into this thing. But we've done some stuff with AI, and I've showed it to people, and they're like, you can't tell that that's not a woman's face, like we did a retinol serum. And it's like, it looks real. So with this type of stuff, like, I always go back to, like, what's the mode that we're in? We're probably on our phone, sitting on a car or a bus somewhere, and we're looking at stuff, it's just got to grab your attention. All right, that's why you see exploding pumpkins and all kinds of random stuff coming out of here, because it's just got to get your attention. And then when you get to the you get to the website, you can tell the story any way you want, all right? And I've seen it pretty much in all verticals, even skincare, where people are, like, really worried, like, I want to have real people be my influencers. Okay, so I think the big takeaway here is, is, you can, you can do anything with AI at this point. Another thing that we're doing is we're combining UGC from join brands. So a long time ago, I was one of Ian's early customers, and we were paying girls to to, you know, hold a candle. And, you know, we cheated a little bit, because we're doing search fine buys with them, and then use the UGC later. Well, now what we're doing is we're going back and we're taking all those join brand stills, and we're making videos from them. And like these videos are all from that.

Speaker 2  18:55
Stop buying handled. They can't even smell. This one had my pole house smelling like fall. And five minutes last, well, good or fall is packed with cider, nutmeg, feminine and clove, basically a tossy in a jar space too. Trust me, your home deserves them. A bites. Grab yours before they fell out, because I already bought two.

Unknown Speaker  19:20
What do you think good or bad? It's good

Speaker 2  19:24
if your whole house doesn't smell like fall in five minutes, you're burning the wrong candle, cider, nutmeg, cinnamon and clove. This candle filled every corner, strong, cozy, perfect, one light, and your whole home smells like a welcome to fall itself. Check me. You need it.

Speaker 1  19:46
So everybody asked me the questions like, Man, how do you make those things? So there you are. So this video over here was created with join brands. It's a still shot. It's we paid, I can't remember, 15 bucks for the girl to take the picture of it. From there, we did vo three frame reference. We use Gemini to create the script. I don't know if you guys have ever done any of this stuff, but it's not that hard. Like, Hey, have a conversation with Gemini, right? Like, if you guys are all on my creative team with me, and like, we got to do stuff for a candle video. Like, what do we got to talk about? We got to talk about, we got to talk about fragrance. We got to talk about time of the year. We got to talk about filling your house up. We got to connect you with fragrance. We have to connect the lifestyle to get you to be interested. Gemini does it and refines it. Can you take that script, you lay it in a vo three, you take your joint brands, static image, and we animate. The rest is that that's, you don't even be joint brands because you make that same image, you can we're doing both like, it depends, like, we're have that asset already. We've got a lot of those assets. Like, we use joint brands to originally use those in some of our lifestyle deck images on Amazon. But so now we're like, hey, like, just go grab download them all. Like, take them Dropbox, and let's see. You know, which girl do we want to work with, type of thing. So this one was done a little bit differently. This one was done with mid journey to VO for three with Gemini, right? So the point that I want to make here is that the tools are easy, all right. It goes to what Eugene said in MDS the other day. Like, I don't know if everybody caught this, so here's, here's a senior guy in MDs that says hiring a very good video editor for overall videos, primarily meta ads and social media. Where would you begin? I didn't post anything on there. I probably should take a screenshot of this, but I know that he edited this before we got here, so he's probably looking at this going, okay, I can do this. This is how I do this. I start playing with it, and I can come up with these creative assets. But don't just come up with one. I'm just showing you two examples. Come up with 10 versions of this 110, versions of this one, and put it into a flexible campaign and let it rip. So here's the other little piece of advice that I give everybody, meet often, make it part of a framework. One of the ways that I got screwed up is I've got my hands in so many different things in our business that it just things slip right? It goes back to what you were talking about. So we have a standing meeting every day at one o'clock. We talk about three things, which is at the top of the screen, pre clinic. How are we looking on meta ads? What's the spend? What's the row? S all right. On page, what are we doing to take some of these assets that we have. You can see how Julian here has created all these all right, how are we using them? Our on page guy? How are we going to implement them? How can we create upsells, bundles, all the world of this stuff. And then the last thing, I don't have them on this meeting, but retention marketing, which is through email. So I do not have a 500,000 email list. I have a 4000 email list, but it's growing by 100 people a day, and that's super exciting to me. So let's talk a little bit about on page. So as I just said, we repurposed our join brand stuff. Well, we're repurposing our meta ads too. So everything that we do goes on our website. So Wednesday Adams just came out, right? That was a big show that just launched, all right? So we got a Wednesday Adams video that goes to a landing page that was a Facebook ad. Boom. We put her on here. This is a joining brands girl. She was actually shocked and freaked out when she saw this video. We we do not have the rights to it, but to preemptively, we said, hey, we made this video. Is it cool? If we use this, we'll send you a free candle. And she's like, Oh yeah, I love you guys. So to Josh's point, reach out to people. Get to know your people, and you won't have any of these problems, all right, but everything goes right onto the website. So if you come on to my wax and wit candle.com you're going to see these videos right here. What's really neat about this is we installed this real up.io app. It goes right into the website. You drop these in, and each one of these videos, you can see the product that it's linked to down here. So if you click the video, guess what? You're on the PDP, and now you've got lifestyle that's on the PDP and reel up. I think I have a slide for this. So here's an example of the reel up. All right. Now I want you guys to keep this in context. I'm like, 45 days into my DTC adventure, but we're moving super fast, so my numbers are not huge, but the lift is there. That's a great thing. This is a $50 add on to your Shopify ad. You know, your costs overhead, and if you have this creative stuff that I'm saying that you got to build, you just dump it all in there.

Speaker 3  24:59
You. Those. Makes those pdbs on the left there, like so.

Speaker 1  25:05
So if you click this one, you get to this page. So it makes its own Kat anyway. Yeah, right, yeah. And then you can add it to cart, right from there. So it's wild. And I did not put this into my presentation. But are you guys all using Microsoft clarity? Do you know what that is? You couple people do some don't this is a fucking this is a, I should win a fucking merchandise for this. It's free, guys, it's free, and it records sessions on your website. So when you're asking the question like, Well, what happens when they click it. So you go watch some clarity recordings, and you're like, oh, look, man, they're picking that video number two from the home page, and they look in it, and you can see the mouse scrolls. You can see where it's going. You want to install Microsoft clarity, and there's a value add to you guys. If you DM me later, I'll connect it to my fiber guy that will install it for you for 25 bucks. Don't fuck around with trying to figure out how to do Microsoft clarity. Just pay the guy 25 bucks. He's He's a certified whatever guy for Shopify. It's super cheap. He's on Fiverr. I'll just give you his fiber link, and you can pay him and install it. So my team, every day we're reviewing the clarity sessions and looking and learning and watching and seeing. All right, so this has been a really big deal for us. So this, this video right here, has had 868 views. It's associated with $2,000 worth of revenue in the last 30 days. All right, so let's talk a little bit more. I asked Josh about the cart. All right, we've been obsessed on how do we increase our AOV and a couple of other things, but what we have found that works really good is rebuy engine. This is another, I think it's $68 or something like that. And what it does is it overlays your cart, and you can create really cool offers, all right? And you have this really cool bar here. So if we're all like pretending that we're going to be candle buyers, here we come in because you see one of these AI ads, probably about, hello fall, because we're in that time. And you see this, you come in, you put stuff in your cart, and it's saying, Hey, you're this far to get a free pumpkin spice candle. You're this far for getting free shipping, and you're this far from getting a free mystery gift. So you add all these things in, and then you get all that, another little kind of hack, if you will. You see these little splashes of color. So if we go to the website and you pull up the candle page, you're going to see one that says this product is free with $50 by the way, since we're all Amazon sellers, I got 3800 of them in Amazon FBA getting long term storage fees because AWD screwed my frickin shipments up last year. So you bet I want to give it away for free. All right, so everything that you start to see down here in this cart, this is a 40% off deal. We have to be like math experts here, so we've spent a lot of time as the team getting Google sheets out and looking and going, Okay, well, if we discount this from 2495 to 1497 How much does it cost us to ship that? Well, if it's MCF, it's 850 but it's a if it's an item two, three or four, it's more like 350 so if you got 350 for a fulfillment cost, and you got a $2 cogs at 1497 we're good. And I got 5000 of those sitting at Amazon too, getting long term storage fees. So you see the theme here. What I'm saying is start making unbeatable deals in your cart as upsells on stuff that you want to get rid of. You're not going to find my premium stuff in there. You're going to find the stuff that I want to get rid of. And I think we've had 200 uptakes now doing this, so it's working fantastic. So yeah, so here we go, 8.5% sales lift in the last 30 days. Target the SKUs that are slow movers, the shipping is incrementally less as you add them on. I think this is kind of basic stuff, but I think it's super overlooked, and so we're really, really obsessing on, how do we create additional value? We just paid these guys $750 to design us a custom pop up that will be done next week. So we're going to have, once you click Checkout here, guess what? You're going to get another pop up, another opportunity, and we're going to sell pre orders for stuff that's coming. All right. Okay, this is something that I think has a lot of promise, and we just started this. It's called Live. Recover. So I really started to get analytical on looking at, like, what's our abandoned rate, right? Like, I don't know if you guys are watching this stuff, but we watch it every single day, and I'm going to show you my spreadsheet that tracks all this stuff. So what live recover is, is they say that this is real people. I think it's aI personally, but what they do is, if you abandon your checkout, instead of getting that email flow that we were talking about before, you're going to get a SMS text that's going to come to you and it's going to say, Hi, I'm Jessica from wax and wit and we saw that you abandon your checkout. Is there anything wrong? Or is there any questions that I can answer for you? Now, for this to work, you have to plug in about a dozen scripts, which took me, like, 20 minutes to do, like, what's your free freight? What's your return policy? Where is this candle made? What does it smell? What's the size? Like, just blah, blah, blah stuff. And then what they do is they're going to talk to these people, and they're going to offer them a discount that beats the discounts that they can get on the website. So what you see down here is an example. It's kind of, kind of hard for me to read it, but basically she's saying, you know, Hi, I'm Jenna. You know, you didn't check out. Are you interested in a special code? Yes. Awesome. Here's your code. Boom. Converted the sale. So if you go by the numbers up here, it's recovering AOV of $63 its recovery rate is 17% so we're now recovering 17% of our abandoned carts by SMS. And then when I say SMS, this has nothing to do with our Omni send Klaviyo SMS that we're sending every day. This is just for abandoned carts. So if you look at this, it's sent, sent 70. It delivered, 7028, replies, 13 converted. We just started this. What does it cost? Cost 10% it's not that big a deal. Okay? So this is the slide that I sent to Lori and MDs, when she's crying about screwing up her CPA and not understanding that she, you know, she's cranking along at $100,000 a month and she's not making any money because she didn't understand her cost of goods, right, like, or her acquisitions from from Facebook. So I'm not going to say that. I'm an expert here at all. This is what we put together to track. So I want you to think about this with me. Be in the candle company here. We're just getting started. We literally started in July after we see all this traffic coming from meta, and we're landing on the website, and it's converting, and this website's terrible, etc. So we started, basically, I think July 15 is when we started, all right, but I wanted to show you a couple of clips of where we've been, what we're tracking, and to me, what it means. So if you take a look at this, you first column here, you can see our daily spend. We started with 174 bucks. We're up to about $1,500 actually, I think today is about $2,200 of spend that that will do. And you can see the row as here. We're down here at 0.7 and we're steadily increasing. So we left this month at 0.9

Speaker 1  33:17
1.2 and we probably will cross 2.0 for the entire month. Now, here's my whole preface for DTC is I want to be able to spend unlimited money on meta to drive people to my site and convert above a 1.6 break even, critical. That's our break even. All right, what I the real reason why I want to do that is for this information over here, because I want to grow this list. So we started with 2300 people, 4300 people. We're 4800 people. 10 days into the month, the more we spend on meta guys, the more signups that we get. So if you look down here, when we really started to juice the spend, we had 103 people sign up for our email list. So to me, all that matters is, how fast can we acquire customers, and then what do we need to do to keep them? Now I'll show you on another slide, about 9% of those people are ordering, reordering monthly. So if I can get to a 500,000 email list like we're going to be doing big bucks from SMS. So in this infantile stages here, you can see this column here on the right, we're now starting to email once a day and SMS once a day, and our revenues associated with the retention band here is starting to get to be 15 to 20% of our daily sales. That's super freaking exciting. So all I care about is, can I get above a 1.6 break even? And so we look at these stats every day. At one o'clock, and we checked yesterday's results. What's happening? How many more creatives are going into the funnel? What's happening on the website? And it's those three buckets, right? It's pre click on Page retention. That's it. That's all we do. All right? So here's other thing. So I want to I want to share this. I want to be transparent. I'm brand new at this. We've really only been doing this for two months, so if you look at the P and L, all right, so guys, in July, I had $1,200 worth of website sales. Not a whole lot. Okay, in August, we did 25,000 in September, for the on the first six days. We are 16, five. Okay, we are just ramping and ramping and ramping. I think that we're probably September. We're probably going to do 80, and I want to be doing 200 by end of October. It's just how I see this is we just have to continually iterate, iterate, iterate and feed and feed and feed, we've done all the heavy lifting. So some of the tools that I've given you, on the apps that are working, the rebuy engine that's working, like all these things that help the website. Once you put all those into the website, then we just want to spend. So these are some of the takeaways, right? So takeaways. In July, we lost money. August, we lost money. September, profits already replaced those prior losses. We want to spend like crazy at 1.6 and above returning customers is seven to 9% so what I really like is this information here. Okay, so we're tracking all this stuff by month. So when we weren't doing any business, our Shopify apps were 22% of our revenue. That sucks, all right, but now it's 2% All right. Our returning customers was 987, but if you look at our orders, we went from 22 to 438, to 233 in six days. So we're just scaling like crazy, and our retention is holding strong. If you look at the sessions, right? 30 913,004 1000 in the first six days. So again, it's up, up, up and away. We were talking about AOV, 4447 53 I could show 20 slides on how we're bundling stuff and doing all this stuff, but you guys would be probably candle burned out if we went through all that. And then the last thing is the email growth and the SMS growths, right? So we did 570 our first month, and 825 we increased it by 250 and so we're pushing like crazy because I want, like, I want a $20,000 Kat IO bill, like, that's what I want to see happen. But we have to kind of earn our way to do that. Okay, a couple little value adds, and then I'll be done. This is a big mistake that I think people don't pay attention to. So we're all interested in, you know, AI and creation and meta ads and ROAs and all this other stuff. But how about, what are people saying on your ads? So we have around the clock coverage in our meta count, where my team is looking at it in the western hours, our Filipino girl is looking at it in the off hours. Anything that comes up, you know this. I don't know if you can read this. This candle caught my eye. I was going to order it, and then I saw it says as seen on ABCs, the view, so I'm not interested. Well, okay, so she's a conservative person. That's okay. Guess what? That gives us a great opportunity to go and comment on that. And guess what? Great engagement. So because we are wax and wit, we gave her a sassy response, which is like, well, the view didn't want our trump candles. So you'll have to go to our website to see those. We're focused on building good product. Blah, blah, blah, and all of a sudden, comments are like, right? It comes down. So we take care of customer services here, issues here, we're looking to engage. We're looking to add, expand. And here's the thing about flex. If you want to know which creative went well in that flex campaign, guess what? It's this combination right here that's got 617 likes in four days. So that's the other thing. Like, whether we're talking about Tiktok or we're talking about meta, the virality is so easy, like, just put the stuff out there and it will find its own home, all right, so that's 600 some likes, and about a week is that. So

Speaker 3  39:39
we're just on the back end. If you open July or 1200 bucks to October, 200 grand, that's a very different operation. And how quickly can you get the products here?

Speaker 1  39:50
We're very good at that. Yeah, we're very good at that. So much so that we're de emphasizing our Amazon. Presence and emphasizing our DTC presence. So we just came out with 40 new SKUs, and for our first time, we're going to only make them available on DTC, and we're not even going to Amazon with it. You know why? So I don't want to pay the freight, I don't want to go into AWD, and I don't want AWD to lose my shit like they did last year, and then we're stuck with the problem over there. And that is the actual conversation I'm going to have with Amazon today when they're as an advisor on AWD. Like, it's broke, it's a dumpster fire. We're not doing it, so not a certain collection, right? Like, if you want to go to my website later. You can see all these new arrivals and stuff. All that is going to stay in Houston. It's just going to be in the warehouse. It's going to be ready to go. And guess what? By fulfilling out of Houston, we're shaving about 35% off our fulfillment cost than MCF, you do air shoot candles. No, no. There's a different story there. So we used to build all of our products. We pour about 2000 candles a day in Portland, Oregon. My wife started this business 18 years ago and her skincare brand and transitioned into candles during covid. And we started ramping that up. And we left Portland. We close it down. We had a guy that wanted to buy our business. Thank you. MDS, it was Frankie that introduced me to that guy in El Salvador. He wanted to buy the business. My wife didn't want to sell the business, so now he makes our product in El Salvador's our cost of goods went from about 550 Portland, Oregon, to $1.98 landed in Houston.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
Else it was not bad.

Speaker 1  41:42
About a six day transit with a 10% tariff. So that's really the inside track. So we have infinite supply. It's just a matter of IDEA iteration for SKUs. And then on the Amazon side, we're like, abandoned. Let's do this. They had an Amazon first. So these transitions, yes, yeah, one good question. If you want to send Dan's on, can you get El Salvador to send it right to Amazon? Or that you first you have to import into the US, so it's whatever port you're going to come into. In our case, it's Houston. So we'll come in Houston to go right to Amazon, AWD. A different version of that question is, we will still do El Salvador to Vancouver, BC for Canada, and go into FBA there, right? We do about $2 million a year in Canada. So that's, I mean, that's where we're at. But in terms of like, I say, I feel like I'm the double life guy because I'm an Amazon guy. I got all the Amazon answers, but I'm learning these as fast as I can, right? So I'm going to encourage everybody, like, monitor your ads. This has been a big this has been a big deal. It's also allowed us to unlock those relationships that Josh was talking about. I can't tell you how many times I've looked at some of the things that these guys are talking about and they're like, here's the first one. Amazon delivered my candles in a bag, and half of them are broke. What the fuck Amazon? Like? Really? It's candles. Okay. Well, guess what? We're just gonna refund your order and we're gonna replace, replace all the candles. My God, you would do that for me. I want to go buy more stuff right now. It's just, just be a good company to deal with. Be the small company, and they will reward you. And now we see them commenting on the ads like, this company's got the best customer service. I'm like, wow, I guess we did something, right? Okay, it's that simple. Here's other one, another, value add. Big mistake that we made is we started designing landing pages for desktop. That's a big no no. It's really easy to get wrapped up in zoom meetings when we're sharing screens and all this other stuff. Just download a free mobile app. It's right here. This is what it looks like on desktop. This is what it looks like after you click a button in your right hand corner. Done. So every time that we're testing landing pages and we're looking at it, I don't care what the desktop says, about 84% of our sessions are coming from mobile. So why aren't we looking at it like this? Like what's above the fold here is entirely different than and here's the last one, if, like, this is my part in the business, because I'm a data and analytics guy. If you don't understand what your breakeven ROAs are, you got no business playing in the metagame. Is kind of my perspective. So the real question is, is, what's your break even? So the easiest way I I'm going to tell you the hard way and the easy way, the hard way, is how I did it the first time, where I sat down with my CPA, and it cost me about $700 to have that conversation with him. And we pulled in all this stuff, and we did all this maneuvering, and he gave me a number. The easy way is plug all that same shit in. To chat GPT and have a conversation. And guess what? It was within like, 1/10 of 1% what the CPA told me. So what is that recipe? Here's here's your chat GPT, all right, here's my actual information. Now, to be fair, I did this when we were just getting started for I'm like, I don't even know what our refunds are. Well, I'm learning about fucking chargebacks and stuff like that. So this is not a true this is not a true number, but you can just plug these things in and you're going to get your ROAs, and then that is our guiding light, like our meeting every day starts with, how much did we spend? What was our return on and spend That's That's it. That's all you got. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai