Speaker 1  00:05
Yeah, so as most of the people here, I know I'm also new to D, to C, but I'm a last eight years I'm selling an Amazon eight figure seller, so I'm in home and car accessories niche. So Is everything going good? As everybody say that we need to diversify. So I'm focusing more on DTC and and then a Tiktok So, and then, about me. I'm a software engineer. I worked in 10 years in all the software companies, UPS, wind, amp, anti aircraft, a lot of companies in New York area. And then I started my Amazon business. Then, you know, last 10 years, I'm become full time until this, you know, that's about me. And then Amazon, we are selling in USA, Canada, marketplace, UK and Europe. Right now we are more focusing on UK and Europe and UAE. This year we are launching skincare products. You know, they have a lot of requirement, legal requirement. I just last month, I opened that entity in UAE, because you need an entity in UAE in order to sell that skincare product. So a lot of requirement. So that's a new one I'm trying in Amazon space, and then we are already selling in Walmart, eBay, and Shopify is bit new, but I tried for a while, but it didn't work. So now I'm giving a shot again, and Tiktok, it's going well, but we are not expert, you know, focusing on that. So this is our all the all the traffic. We put it into the Shopify mainly, or most of the revenue come from Tiktok and then, and then, and then from Google ads. And then some we are doing that organic SEO, and then then we repeat customer. We are talking at it. So that's about our whole channel. How we are bringing that traffic to Shopify website and then fulfillment. We are using MCF. You know, we are trying our own fulfillment from third party warehouse, but the shipping cost is so expensive and maintaining the inventory is bit difficult, so we are sticking with the MCF, but we would like to use that Tiktok fulfillment, but I heard that a mixed review, so I'm just thinking considering whether to opt to Tiktok fulfillment or not. So this is our dashboard, just 90 days. We had just started three months back. I know we made 43k in Shopify, and then our conversion is 4.9 percentage. I don't know Is this good or not. It's good. It's good, and then it's good. So we are trying to focus more on it, but it start with a good number out of 43k sales. It's lot of come from Tiktok and and some of them, I have a few more slides so it give that more breakdown so and then we are running Google ads as well. Last 190 days, we ran that around 10k ads. We got 7.3 conversion in Google ads. It's good. I just right that conversion come down. I don't have the data, but overall that that, I think the previous slide, you know, the 43k it includes everything, you know, all the sales. But I do not have a breakdown, but the upper funnel is that conversion. It is a 4.9 in the session, we are good. And add to cart is bit low. And then the checkout also pretty good. And conversion is 4.9 but I need to fork more on this, and then, and then Google ads. Right now we are doing only shopping ads, so that also going good, but we need to scale it, because for me, I have offshore team, around 20 people in India, so they are running most of the things. So I am pretty busy on Amazon thing. So now, after this discussion, I want to more focus on DTC and Tiktok and other things. So this is that our whole acquisition overview, 77 percentage come from direct and then paid 14 percentage organic search, its five percentage, and then the cross network, because we do lot of SEO, backlink and everything. So we get some percentage from the referral and organic shopping, and then all the things. I think if you are interested, I can give more detail, but this is the breakdown where we get traffic. So this is our domain authority. We have. Have 36 and then and on page, SEO score is 62 and then organic monthly traffic. It's okay. Mainly thing is organic keyword which we focus more, and then backlink also. We have one full time VA, fully focus on backlinks that also working good. And then, yeah, this is the high level total backlinks, 382, quality backlink, 373, so do follow backlinks, which is means a higher value on it. That is 67 percentage. Lesser value important is 33 percentage. Spam is one percentage. So we are building that organic SEO side and the traditional one, this is that maybe this will be helpful for most of the people. These are the 24 apps we use for Shopify. You know that ship for Amazon FBA, MCF, that is seller board for profit analyst. We use the seller board integration and then Amazon MCF with the prime we have that in our web page buy with the prime. So for that, we need app for that, and then smart SEO. I think a lot of thing you guys know that, but the main thing is the Amazon importer that bring that all the Amazon review into our website. And then bundles, we create a lot of bundles that we use that app review with Amazon. That's for review. Joe Lister is mainly integrating with the all when an order comes, it flows to that MCF. So we use that Joe Lister, and then HubSpot for customer support, and then for the Google customer review. We use that and then affiliate marketing. We are using some percentage on in that we are getting some sales from that as well. And then for tracking purpose, we use the track 123, we use a lot of apps, but these are the main apps we are using for our Shopify page. So these are the challenges we find, you know, but I got a lot of answers from that from everyone after the conversation. The main thing is that the profit bottom line is hitting so much because our product is average selling price is around $20 the shipping cost and everything after that. You know, we are hitting very low, even though conversion is good, but the profit margin is very low because the Kat value is very low, you know, maybe I need to focus on average order value with a bundle and everything and then. So after that, maybe I create some video where it get viral, I get some answer. But if you have something more, you can provide, but that is mostly the basic foundation. Work is done, but now I need to focus on more, on on inside, you know, more detail. Yeah, that's it. From I made a very small presentation. I had long flights, so I just had two hours. I tried to put, you know, whatever we are doing it

Speaker 2  07:56
saying there your margins are pretty low because your average order value is low. Like, do you have a free shipping threshold?

Speaker 1  08:05
No, no, we don't have anything right now. So we made free shipping for everyone. That's why maybe we need to make, like, a $49 something like that.

Speaker 2  08:14
That was really helpful. That really helped to place our average order. Our free shipping threshold is $40 but actually, people have like, there's no combination of like. They really have to spend $50 but we can just say it's $40 was that helped to bring up because people don't like to pay by shipping. I don't like no bigger, you know? I think it that helped a lot for

Speaker 1  08:40
us. You could at least experiment with it, yeah. Oh, well, so far, we give it to the team. They take care of everything. My 99 percentage focus on Amazon. So just today, I focused more reviewing everything. So I think after this meeting, I got a lot of good ideas. So I want to focus more and then and do that.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
Your conversion rate is really high.

Speaker 1  09:06
But actually all the screenshot I took it from that Google and Shopify all the pages today morning, so, but maybe, but usually, the five percentage I thought, compared to Amazon, it's bit low. Seven point, yeah, in Google ads, yeah, 7.3

Unknown Speaker  09:24
on Google ads. Why didn't

Speaker 1  09:26
you spend? Why didn't you maybe the conversion is good, but that order, value is low, is it right? The conversion is good, but cost per acquisition is high, not really, because if

Speaker 3  09:40
you spend 10 grand to sell for the 4045 Yeah, that's like 23%

Unknown Speaker  09:48
Yeah. You mean

Speaker 1  09:58
Exactly. So. But you guys are saying that the conversion is soundness and phi, and it will be, is good, yeah, maybe, as she mentioned, that I need to increase that the shipping, free shipping cost to 49 is around 15 to $20 average value, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:21
And what's the cost? You don't know what

Speaker 1  10:23
it costs. The cost the cog is, it's a, I think profit margin is 20 percentage, 2025 percentage. $15 means a $3 broadcast, then this. The most of the cost goes to the shipping, MCF, the shipping cost, your Kat? Though the Kat. I have that data. I had another slide, but I I don't have here. I have a few other slide. Maybe I can give it you. I can check my laptop to

Speaker 2  11:02
me, it just looks kind of process like, I think you like, would drop to a good if you can get up the average order value you could, like, scale that up. Okay, sure. Our conversion rate is like, 2.4 2.5% nuts.

Speaker 3  11:22
Can you do upsells on your products or your products in a way that you

Speaker 1  11:25
can no, we can do that because it's like car accessories. They have bunch of lot of products, so we can do that. I think most of the products are seasonal product, so it sells during holiday and Summer and Winter products, you know. So maybe during that time I can push you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai