Unknown Speaker  0:05  
Yeah. So that picture, that's the only picture I directed at my wedding, and my wife and the photographer thought it was really stupid, but it's a great, great picture. Yeah, yeah, she loves it now, so I won. Looks like you have two three hands? Yeah? Well, that's, that's Carrie. She got cropped out. So,

Unknown Speaker  0:26  
yeah, it's not her presentation, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
So I'm Matt. I live in Huntington Beach, like the surfing, golf, but don't much anymore, because I have a nine month old son. I'm not a professional speaker are very good at it, but I'll try to speak up so Pru doesn't yell at me. And we're probably just over 25 million revenue now, 17 team members, some more contractors, and we're basically building like personal care conglomerate. Starting with ball care was their first brand happy nuts. It's on my shirt. So yeah. So we have our own R and D lab in our office in Newport Beach. My business partner is a cosmetic chemist, has like, almost 20 years experience in the industry. So he can formulate a lot of stuff. If not, we have two additional cosmetic chemists in the lab. And so we can develop our own formulas, own them, and then we transfer them to contract manufacturers. So I just want to take you through like, how we set up for developing those products in the lab. So made this process that is like, because we can make new stuff. We have these big ideation, brainstorming sessions with our company. We do them like, and we basically do them twice a year. And from that, we populate our validation scorecard to like, validate and rank the best ideas for the brands. And then from that, we go on and make these project briefs, which, like, basically spell out how they're gonna develop and make these products. So yeah, like I said, we brainstorm and put them on a sheet. There's our brands. We're coming out with two more, but you guys didn't see that. So here's a sheet i This is like, what it looks like. You get a total score. We'll go into all the categories. They all fit on here. So Okay, first thing is, like, for the idea, we look at all the price points and like, just ballpark, like, what it's selling for. If it's like, a really low margin item, like, we're just instantly going to pass, and then as it fails, it's done. So that's a pass fail thing. Then we look at market saturation, which is a really important one. I still do that one, because it's like, basically you have to look at it and there's like, two different bad situations where one bad situation is there's a ton of highly entrenched competitors that are all competing against each other with tons of reviews that obviously sucks, or there's just one competitor that has the whole market in personal care. A good example of that would be like the like, sold a janeiro bum bum cream. They're like, the only one you could come out with one, but you're not going to do well. So we rank that on a scale of one to five, then speed to market. I've heard James will do that, which is basically, like, how fast we can develop this product. Like, if it's something, like, just a new cent for something we have, like, that's really quick. If it's a whole new concept and idea we have to come up with, yeah, that's going to take some time and be really hard. Then go into sales and search data, Amazon sales data, this is kind of just what, what we go off. We kind of look at the average sales of the top 10. I think we moved this around, but we did a ranking system based on that. Then retail sales data. We buy retail sales data because we sell in like 8000 retail stores, and we can look at if that product does exist or has, like a category, like how what the sales volume per store per week is in that category, and then we rank it based on that. And then, just like the Google, Amazon and now like Tiktok, search volume for keywords that are going to result in that product being purchased, we give a score based on that next brand fit just how well the product fits with with the brand you're going to come out with it under, because that's going to be a large part of like, how well it does, because people buy products that are from a brand that looks like they make that product. It's just like a thing, I guess. And we total it up. And we just kind of decide, like, the score is kind of, you know, we've had products rank as high as, like 12 or 13 that we kill, and we've like, greenlit products with scores as low as, like an eight, just because, like the brand fit or something's good. So you kind of look at the whole scorecard when you're evaluating it. Here's like, an example of one we're coming out with, like a jock itch cream, which is kind of like athlete's foot, but like, for a lot of athletes get it in their groin. So like, we just, you know, rank it. See that one scored a 15, and, like, we decided to move it to the next stage. So it's kind of what that looks like next. The project be brief, that's just the top of it. But basically it starts with a whole competitive analysis of all, like, the current products out there, if there are them, we do pricing, and then it has all the Project Info and, like, the packaging, basically everything needed to develop it. So the competitive analysis basically includes, I think the next sheet, I'll have a more of an image of one, but like, if we're gonna do it for jock itch, like, these are all the current products, and the renting sucks. So excited about that. But there's basically, like, sales, revenue, selling price, size. We pull in, like, all their reviews from Amazon and do the whole like, basically, like, analyze them, facts. We buy all the products and actually, like, test them, test their viscosity, what the ingredients are, everything. So we, like, we can actually make our own better version and find out ways to improve the product. This is, like our spreadsheet. I was trying to, like, embed it so I could scroll, but it didn't work. But you can see, like, the price ratings and everything there positioning. But if you go down further, all the other stuff is there, being sure our pricing is different. We have, like, a pricing calculator we made that just like has, like our target selling price. We think we can sell it for, but it'll from that take, like, all the Amazon fees and everything, and like marketing costs, any other costs we want to add, and we'll come up with, like, a total R D budget, which would be like the formula, raw cost, the that we need to hit to be able to, like, move it to a contract manufacturer and have the amount of profit that we want, or contribution margin. Do you have

Unknown Speaker  7:35  
different packaging

Unknown Speaker  7:39  
for different marketplace, like retail and everyone just one.

Unknown Speaker  7:43  
It depends on the product. But yeah, like we'll between retail and Amazon. We'll do different sizes, a lot of time for most stuff, sometimes not though. What's your target gross margin when we're launching a product? It's usually 30% gross margin. Oh, gross. We like to it to be above 80, but like a lot of times on, like cosmetic products, if you add it with all the fees, it's usually like 90 plus. And beauty and cosmetics, yeah, but there's a lot of other

Unknown Speaker  8:33  
so in jock itch, it's interesting like to test the category we're coming out with, there's Like, OTC, FDA approved levels of active ingredients that you can use in your formula. So we do that to test, like, the brand's gonna work with that first, which here, like, I really think of, well, and then we're also developing our own but then we have to do this OTC FDA testing that takes, like, I think it takes, like nine to, like 15 months, and we have, like, a formula in that. But that's not going to be out to, like, middle of next year at the earliest. So there's like, two routes. If you want to make new claims about actives, you have to go through that, like OTC process and everything. But if you, if you want to, there are like, pre approved ones that you can already make those active ingredient claims. And that's all on, like, the FDA Orange Book. Data Lake is pretty

Unknown Speaker  9:23  
simple. It's only some certain that are approved. Yeah, it's just what percentage is effective. But then you send it out to a lab, an outside lab, who has to validate your formula, Yep, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  9:39  
yeah. So yeah, like project information. This is a lot of this is like formula stuff and features and benefits of what we're creating in the lab. And we're basically telling our chemists, this is what we want if you guys wanted to get into beauty and personal care. This is the type of information you need to give, like a contract manufacturer. Sure if you want to have them make you your, like, own formula or something like that for a product, and have it be, like, really custom packaging is, most of the time, like, this product is going to be in a tube, which is, like, you know, one of those crimped tubes. A lot of times it's just in a bottle or a tube, or, you know, with it'll say, like, if it has a pump or a cap, things like that, that's pretty, pretty basic. And then just current information enters anything else about the product. And then after that's all ready, we, like, review it and we'll approve it and send it into R and D. Oh, yeah. Well, when it's in R and D, basically they make, like we have R and D make these score cards because they're different for each product, and just to give them feedback, because we send samples out to our whole team, and everyone ranks it and sends in feedback, and then we come back and make it better. And it's like this ongoing process that it's lots of fun. So some takeaways. Guess, if you're you know it's important to have a structured process for this make sure, really, to make sure, like our D lab knows exactly what we want them to develop. Because, like, you could say, hey, come up with, like, this type of product, and they could go any direction with it. But like, we have to go do the research. Tell them, like, this is exactly what we need. You know, doing IT company wide, involving the whole company, always gets you the best products. That's, you know, more heads are better than one. We do a detailed competitor analysis, determining your costs prior to developing the products really important so you come with something you can be competitive on pricing with, and don't be afraid to kill products when they are meeting, like, a certain metric, because, like, when you try and force it, you just, like, get in a bad spot with a product that doesn't work, and you know, there's plenty of others to make, so, yeah, how many

Unknown Speaker  12:07  
you kill versus, like half out of 10? You'd say

Unknown Speaker  12:14  
probably half, half

Unknown Speaker  12:17  
before we even develop them. I mean, Anthony keeps trying

Unknown Speaker  12:26  
to get us to

Unknown Speaker  12:29  
make anal bleach, but, yeah, girls, but I think it's for darker skinned people, men or women, Latinas or something. You know how to get, like, dark armpits and

Unknown Speaker  12:41  
like, so, yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  12:48  
bonus value add is, like, I see a lot of people right now with tariffs that like, cut their ad budget and are, like, not doing r, d and everything. I don't know if you guys are in that crowd or not, but there's always a lot like, when people make a knee jerk reaction. Doing the opposite of that, I'll always get you a lot further. So, like, right now, you know, our ads are performing a lot better. We're increasing spend, and we're kind of going that route, negotiating better prices, working with our factories. You know, even suppliers in the US getting better terms, they seem to be open to it, because they're like, Oh, it's a little rocky right now in the Lord or more. So, yeah, it's just trying to go that route, yeah. So that's it. Questions

Unknown Speaker  13:38  
I have, I guess I have a question, like, we tried, like I do all of our R and D right now. And I'm not a chemist, I would say I've made myself into a product formulator, right? Which is often what labs have to do. What you're doing here, I have found that when I involve the team, there's way too many fucking cooks in the kitchen, and I'm like, get the fuck out like someone suggested, like, well, let's make it a group effort, and then we'll have a better chance of success. It slowed our process so badly and ultimately, like, and I understand, because your R and B guy is not the Amazon guy or not the outward facing guy, and I am so I have both perspectives of, like, what would work on Amazon? And then, you know, I go through much of the same that you do. So,

Unknown Speaker  14:38  
yeah, I think, like, what this doesn't show is it is very siloed that, like, our marketing team is really doing that, like, validation, scorecard and everything, and handing the ideas off, and then RS making the formulas and stuff on their own with all the information. So I think that helps it, because, like, you can't, yeah, we shouldn't. I shouldn't be, like, telling them to, like, throw stuff in it, like, when they're making. It, or, I don't know, like, just like, in that part of the process. So we have like, dumb samples. They send them out to get feedback. So it is, like, more like, step by step, like certain people own that stuff, and like, no one's involved, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  15:14  
And then I guess just being like, devil's advocate, just because I'm in the same space as you, like, I have $0 invested in any sort of R and D person, any sort of equipment, any sort of anything. And I believe I have some, like, world class formulas, because I I spend the time, and then I just work with the chemist in the lab, and I feel like I cut out so much cost because of that, I can develop a product in an hour and a half with it, with an almost good formula that I send to the lab, and the chemist can, what does that mean? Formula like retail, put 10% of right,

Unknown Speaker  15:59  
nitrous and citrus or whatever,

Unknown Speaker  16:02  
correct. Yeah. And I have really, like, I have a whole folder in my chat, GPT for each product I'm developing after I validated it, so after I know I want to bring it to market. Can you give an example, yeah, and I'm happy to even show it, but like, I Okay, so let's look at an example. Um, I, let's see. Okay, so let's do a net new let's do a net new product. So I told chat GBT, I'm formulating a Hydrating Lip peptide treatment. They're very trendy right now. It comes in a tube to be squeezed onto the lips. It needs to look like the lip gloss one on the lips, but be hydrating and great for the lips too. This product will be a thicker lip treatment product with peptides. And I call out with peptides, ceramide, hyaluronic acid, squalane, and I put a bunch of ingredients and sitting in a base of a petroleum jelly alternative such as Vega lean. We want the formula to be thick and lasting on the lips, staying power, provide shine, but not be sticky. All ingredients need to be a zero to two on EWT skin database. Can you please propose a formula to me? Okay? And often, before I do this, I tell it like I'm formulating a blob. My competitors are blah, blah, blah. Can you analyze the pros and cons of each of my competitors and and find a gap? Then I tell it give you this formula. So it's like, Hey, here's a proposed look peptide, blah, blah, and it gives me the icky name, the common name, and the percentage to be used in the formula. And then sometimes I'll see an ingredient I don't like that. I don't want in there. So I'll be like, hey, actually, this is my preservative of choice. Please swap your preservative out and then. And then it basically is like, do you want it in a Google document? And then I create something that I sent to the lab like you, like, what's the scent going to be, or is it going to be fragrance free? What kind of packaging it's going to go in? What's my target price for cogs? Because I'm not telling the lab how much I'm selling it for, yeah, and how many ounces, and all this stuff, but I have zero internal people working on this, and this takes me an hour and a half, maybe two hours per product.

Unknown Speaker  18:46  
Well, you know a lot about it, so, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:51  
But so does if you took all of your marketing info and plugged that in, right? Yeah, because you know what active you want to use, or what your main ingredients need to be, based on your competitive research, you know, how, what the viscosity needs to be, you know, if it needs to be scented or unscented? You know, like, there's a lot

Unknown Speaker  19:13  
of things. So do you have a lab you pay and, like, you actually pay zero RND fees, okay, but do they own that formula then?

Unknown Speaker  19:24  
So we have in our manufacturing agreements that we own the formula with some of them, it's like after we spend X amount, but ultimately we have the formulas with all the percentages from the get go. We don't have at like, the technical formula of like, put this ingredient in at this temperature, like that part. But by the way, I spoke to one of the biggest labs in the country that does Burt's peas and all the big brands, nobody owns their formulas. And it doesn't matter in an acquisition that you have that technical formula, because any lab. Nowadays has the equipment to reverse engineer and create it. Yeah, totally. So I'm just we

Unknown Speaker  20:06  
do it for pricing, because we can, like, price it out or over a couple different labs, and it will be vastly different based on, like, what materials they're buying for, like, making other products that they make a lot of. And it's been pretty large difference. So I don't know, our costs are really low, our cogs are low, but our R D is pretty high.

Unknown Speaker  20:29  
Like, your cogs in there did not appear low to

Unknown Speaker  20:31  
me. Oh, there. That was, like, the maximum. Okay, yeah, you give it to the lab and they developed it for you, okay? And how much that needs to be called Zero,

Unknown Speaker  20:43  
yeah. But I have relationships with these labs, right? And I'm an existing red when I first started, it was like, $25,000 they make my money place the order,

Unknown Speaker  20:53  
yeah, yeah, of course, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:57  
yeah. The lab is the manufacturer you

Unknown Speaker  21:00  
still have, we have formulas that our manufacturers did make, and like we started moving to this model, which we're cranking out a lot product a lot quicker, like three stability and everything. So that's like a big advantage of it. But yeah, we have done work with contract manufacturers like that. The cost is a lot higher, usually, like the actual cogs, because they like bake it in.

Unknown Speaker  21:26  
I mean, yeah, I really love cogs. I believe.

Unknown Speaker  21:31  
A tip I just got on text that I think is cool from Kareem is, if you haven't already, I strongly recommend emailing all agencies, vendors, softwares, etc, that that you're using and requesting a 20, 30% cost reduction due to tariffs. He said he emailed he's done so far, and five have already

Unknown Speaker  21:52  
responded. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:56  
Wow, that's good. Can't hurt any software. Is this an excuse you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
