Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Ibo pretty fast. I specifically spoke to my team, and had to make some SOPs that you can share with your teams that'll actually give you all the all this stuff, step by step here. So just to make it really usable, name is Mikhail Niger. I've been in the group for a few years, had an exit in 2020, I thought I was out of this Amazon thing, but, but I'm still here.

Unknown Speaker  0:56  
I did about about 70 million already. Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:05  
just not fair. Wow,

Unknown Speaker  1:08  
I had 100 million plus business in 2020, per year because, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:28  
It's the the biz now we started in 21 so it's our fourth year background as a trader for for a long time in the options markets, for 15 years in San Francisco, and I got into

Unknown Speaker  1:54  
speak up a little bit. Oh, sorry, no, your voice, your actual voice, not to the mic so we can hear you better. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:06  
I was a trainer for 15 plus years before E commerce started. What type of brother I'm in the kitchen,

Unknown Speaker  2:22  
and he was before.

Unknown Speaker  2:24  
I'm not a fan of but either, really, but I'm stuck there.

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
Yeah, I've had the team push for content now, where we're actually starting some new food products now, where we're starting a protein bar brand. We have some special formulas there that they're working on, and so I'm having them all kind of work more on a DTC strategy, which is actually new for us. But had Josh Martin, my main guy, kind of put this together, having a link here for the SOP there, that'll actually spell it out for your team. I'll go through it

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
fast

Unknown Speaker  3:38  
so it's just why build a content growth engine? I think we all know how to do that. So I'm going to just go through there, competitive analysis. You know, four step approach, blah, blah, blah, you know, I haven't even, yeah, we'll go growth metrics navigator, tracking the pulse of your competitors. Blah, blah, wait, go back socialblade.com, Yep, yeah, that's software that we use. Find the growth data here, identify patterns, document growth events.

Unknown Speaker  4:54  
I think he looks for abnormal growth in. And in followers and looks at those spikes and and documents them further, like what the content is that caused those yep, yep, yep, yeah, it'll, you know, it's explained here, okay, so, so, yep, yep. Reverse Engineering, viral content formulas to cover the hidden patterns.

Unknown Speaker  5:36  
You use, viral finder.com, I just pay for these softwares so I know they're they do something, sorts of Data, content analysis, established insights, the growth amplifier framework step seven, audience, research, spartoro.com Yeah, well, I mean, I think Pru has probably seen me do many, many presentations of that. You know, I didn't really do the work, but, but, but, you know, it's, it's, it's valuable stuff for you anyways, and my team swears by it. I just don't get me who comes

Unknown Speaker  6:40  
up with this idea are the masterminds of, like, what needs to happen in our business? Like, okay, I connected. I got this whole idea, like, do it right,

Unknown Speaker  6:55  
yeah, but if you're removing yourself in that part of the well, no, what I just have, Josh find stuff, you know, that's working, and he's the one who actually does that creative stuff. But did you ideate the whole strategy, this strategy? No, okay, I didn't. I don't have experience in this stuff, but, but, you know, I do see the finished product and make those decisions that point we were seeing, you know, he'll have some working stuff that he looked at, and he says, From this, we are doing This. And, you know, look at it, and I can, I can usually have a decent idea, you know,

Unknown Speaker  7:49  
it'll work. But, yeah, I mean, there's a million ways of doing this, but, you know, this

Unknown Speaker  7:56  
is his way. I Yeah, and then he looks in the Kat, yeah, pretty detailed how he builds his strategies.

Unknown Speaker  8:19  
Anyways, you guys will have the slides so I can save time here. Okay, if you have some questions, you know, send me an email, send me an email, or else, or else. Josh m@smashcommerce.net you can, you can always takeaways. Data, competitor analysis eliminates guesswork, blah, blah, blah. I growth spikes reveal critical insights. So there's takeaways. Here's another bonus value add. Saw this. Ai powered content creation. We use whisper API, and he's for creating AI images. We have our prompts that we included here, and most importantly, we have an eight and N, 8n automation workflow that's like 40 slides long on that one too. It's pretty good if any guys do automation. In using Nan. It's, I went

Unknown Speaker  10:10  
through it. It was created by ARS, yes, totally, like all the pictures I'm writing,

Unknown Speaker  10:21  
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the whole thing.

Unknown Speaker  10:31  
Alright, guys, any questions? I'm here today, and I'm here today. I'm here to answer it all, guys, anything you want some details on it's no problem. If I have to stay here for an hour, it's okay. Yes, smashcommerce.net,

Unknown Speaker  11:02  
I Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
