Unknown Speaker  0:05  
Music. Okay, it's good to be the presenter just before the actual lunch. And if you everybody can see the food already. So I'll try to be quick and precise.

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
So yeah, if

Unknown Speaker  0:25  
I joined MDS like five years ago,

Unknown Speaker  0:30  
our main brand is in a in a beauty category, skincare in we are, like a USA made brand, and us is our main market. We've been we just turned 10 years with that brand in November. And, yeah, we're living in Estonia. It's like a family business we're running. Yeah, when I was preparing that presentation on Sunday on a train from Zurich to Geneva. Yeah, I got that message, and I thought, like, should I do any more slides on top of that? And we can, you know, move to the that part as well, but then, yeah, on that moment, yeah, we didn't know exactly how it plays out, but we knew already with the messaging that was put there in a customer site that, okay, this some kind of show is up. Show is happening there. But anyway, that's because of that. I don't do some screenshots of, you know, some sales and that craft, so I use some other stuff. But yeah, we started with our Tiktok shop back in May. But then, you know, the summer holidays came along, and our team were like, just preparing some of the basic stuff. But when we got back in office in September, we thought, okay, we need to get someone to kind of help us, to kind of scale our and to kind of we wanted to reach like 100k GMB, like in tick tock shop, the revenue, or whatever. Actually, I don't exactly know what the GMB is, but it's kind of like a revenue. There is something like minus plus. So it's like a bit hard to understand, because they have some other metric, which is, like total sales, but then you already, you have a discount from that. And I think after discount, it's GMB. But anyway, we wanted to get like 100k level in like three to six months and and we wanted that agency to kind of bring their expertise and do all the affiliate outreach and whatever is needed, and also cut us through. And we also gave, like a special kind of freedom for them that, you know, feel free to, you know, go wild with ads as well. We just with other platforms as well. What we did is, like, we want to scale to about 100k level, like quick, and we can spend even like 100k on ads to get this 100k level, and then start optimizing the stuff so not to be stuck at like 5k or 8k for like six months, and then we actually don't learn much. So we actually were pretty great and lucky. We got to like 280k level in November, so two, two months later, and yeah, that boosting those videos that were made for us, kind of it started rolling further that that when we boosted some video, it kind of some of them became like a semi viral. So we got like organic sales as well through that later on and meanwhile, yeah, we gave away around like 30 to 50 units a day to kind of get these new videos into the system that we could boost, and, yeah, with some pro where we had some contact with the affiliates and stuff who made, like a full purchase, like, if we did, like, join brands or some other platforms, we kind of followed up with them that, Okay, we'll tip you like five bucks or 10 bucks if you kind of left the review as well. So that's was a good pace to get this initial 10 in 1020 reviews. And yeah, with one of our main products, we kind of have had a tailwind, in a way, that it was already trendy product in Tiktok, and that's why we wanted to get our Tiktok shop as well live, to even boost some of the trends that were happening. But there was some other competitor who was actually pretty well, like doing, doing, like, pretty good numbers in Tiktok shop, and we saw as a threat to our Amazon business that maybe that. The competitor will become much bigger in Amazon because of that. So during that time, we kind of matched the levels what they were doing as well. So some tailwind was there, but yeah, those numbers are really sound like really good to be true. But the actual thing on the

Unknown Speaker  5:20  
kind of background

Unknown Speaker  5:24  
was that we were selling, that was the main product. We were selling, was like magnesium oil, and we have, like a travel size, like a smaller product, and then it's and then 12 ounce, which is like 3350 milliliter bottle, which is our main product. But somehow, like in Tiktok shop, the reporting and stuff is, like, a bit weird, and you can't really understand what sells what to some extent, and we didn't notice in the beginning that like half of the sales was, like, this two ounce product, which was so like, you know, in a like, really, like, below $10

Unknown Speaker  6:04  
I'll come to that point where, where,

Unknown Speaker  6:08  
why that made a bad effect on our financials. And also because of the, you know, the Black Friday, Cyber Monday, the Christmas deal, or all that kind of stuff, there was, like, we were and we started off like, September, October. So we started with some, some of the like, Flash deals and stuff, but that kind of locked the minimum price and all the other deals. Later on in let's say, q4 we were like, so if we cancel that campaign, we need to wait 30 days to kind of reset the pricing, or will still go on with the deal, and need to do, like, a lower, like a kind of, like a pretty good deal for the customers. So yeah, increasing price was like, we didn't do that during that period. And also, kind of, we didn't look into that one aspect closely was that the MCF fees, like, we knew that MCF fees are higher, but we kind of had a feeling it's like two $2 more, like, if your MCF fee, like, if your FBA fee is like $5 we thought, okay, we had Shopify stuff As well before, but we didn't pay that attention. But we had a feeling that back in the days it was like $2 more. So if you have a product MCF fee with like five bucks, like the FBA fee, five bucks then used to be like $7 the MCF fee. But now, when we started doing some analysis with some products, it was like FBA fee was five. But the MCF, which is like MCF is like, if you fulfill the same inventory, which is in FBA warehouse, you feel to like a manual fulfillment to customer. So with some products, it was like nine bucks, or even 10 bucks. So it was like four bucks more than the FBA stuff, and also when we were running those videos, then actually, they still, if it was an affiliate video, then that affiliate got this 20% commission, or whatever we agreed to, so kind of played A good so what we ended up in November, we actually made like a 50% minus 50% loss on those So luckily, it was only 280k sales, and we got like 130k loss, which is still in a way okay, because we were like, okay, we can invest like 100k a month into the system to kind of get to some level, to start optimizing. But yeah, on the front end, like really nice stuff on the back end, because everything happened quite quickly. And, you know, some data came in, like, one two day one or two day weeks later. And then we started, okay, we need to adjust something here. Oh, we can't adjust that. We can't digest that. You can't, right away go to some three PL because they don't have stock there. And we've sent most of the stuff in Amazon in advance because, you know, we didn't want to send much in a q4 like to be ready not run out of stock. So

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
launch in q4

Unknown Speaker  9:23  
it's still like So anyway, we started fixing the profitability. Luckily, we couldn't increase the price of the product, but we were able to add, like, a shipping fee if the order was below 30. So that's like Tiktok shop with their own even with the if you were Tiktok fulfilled what some of the products are, then they actually have that. If the order is below 30 bucks, then the customer needs to be some shipping. So we kind of added like, like, almost five bucks per order to kind of. Of get some kind of, you know, added, added cash there. We also, in some point of time, we when it, like, when the product was within this Black Friday campaign, we couldn't take it off because Tiktok had a reserve, like 2000 units or some amount has reserved that product for that deal. So we couldn't kind of disable, like this small stuff as well. But when it was from one came campaign ended and the other started. So we were able to disable the kind of the small bottle out of that because that product was like we were selling 999, but the fulfillment fee, or MCF fee for that product ended up being like seven bucks and and the product is also like two bucks to produce. So it was already product, plus MCF was already got that, and then it was like affiliate fees, all this stuff. So yeah, now in January, what we are doing is we are not doing, running any campaigns in January to kind of get this lowest price of the table. So from February, like maybe Valentine's Day or when those stuff come in, we can do, you know, do like that, that the price we want to sell is the deal price type of stuff. So kind of optimizing a bit there. Then for the new affiliates, we kind of changed the fee, like, from like 20% instead of 20, we had like 15. Of course, there are some targeted or like one to one collaborations where we still pay more, but just is on a regular level, with like random affiliates, we are kind of lowering that part. And also in end of November, or something like that, Tiktok enabled to set the lower affiliate fee for if you are actually, actually advertising or, like, pushing that video yourself. So on those advertised sales, we were able to cut the bit the commission. Of course, some of the competitor, some of the affiliates or the creators weren't really happy. They were, like, long kind of sending messages of like, your fucking corporate pigs. You're like, I only care about money and stuff. And yeah, but we were with some of them, we were able to kind of clear and show the whole picture that actually they're not making any money at all at the moment, like with this stuff, and we are boosting it. And that, again, brings organic sales to them, so they actually get more sales still, with the organic stuff, their creators, whose video like, because some used to get, you know, I don't know, 500 bucks a week or something like that. And suddenly, boom, it turned to like $50 a week, because most, like, some of the videos we did, we were boosting that. It was mostly like our advertised kind of video. And they were like, Oh yeah, my, like, they just got my, you know, my earning on the creator's video, and they get, yeah, yeah. They used to have get the full fee. There wasn't even option to lower it. So if you had a deal that you know, they get 20% okay. If they do organic video, it goes whatever. It's like decent. But if you do, like, a aggressive ad spend, then you pay like you do, like, I don't know, 80% ACOs, 60% ACOs, then it's like, already advertisement, plus that fee is covering all the, like, the sale costs, and then you need to do another 100% which is the, you know, MCF and the product stuff,

Unknown Speaker  13:56  
some of the creators, they don't give our codes out anymore, because, do you promise you won't reduce this

Unknown Speaker  14:03  
percentage on that and then they give

Unknown Speaker  14:07  
Yeah. So anyway, there is room to negotiate stuff. But anyway, yeah, so this is what we are doing now in like, started doing some stuff like November, some things in December, some things in January, so kind of trying to get the profitability into the game and in the same time, yeah, we wanted to, because previous two years, or like any, any jump we had in our business was somehow related to Tiktok videos, and why We started doing Tiktok shop as well. It was like a good way to get even more videos, and even more videos that kind of brings awareness to our products, and then they end up, like half people and end up buying in Amazon. So we've seen other Tiktok shop people as well. Saying that, you know, every time you sell one unit in Tiktok shop, there is one extra unit sold in Amazon. But during that period, we didn't see, of course, it's really hard to track that stuff, but we didn't have, like, sometimes we had some peaks in videos, and then the Amazon sales for that product didn't have, like, any major jump, at least what we were noticing, but it might have been, because during that time, the Tiktok shop price was actually lower than the Amazon one. So maybe that was so hard to explain. But yeah, the

Unknown Speaker  15:36  
one context is, like, with your products,

Unknown Speaker  15:39  
so good on Amazon. So if you're selling 30 units a day in Amazon, but you are selling 3000 units a day in Amazon. So like in your volumes, the impacts,

Unknown Speaker  15:52  
you can see, yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  15:55  
Wow. I'm doubling, I'm doubling

Unknown Speaker  15:56  
this, right? So that just your level was so high,

Unknown Speaker  16:02  
yeah? But yeah. Some days, if you have some kind of viral video before you saw some kind of jump, sometimes now we look like, okay, damn, there is no jump. Yeah. We ended up like, if you saw some video, which was like, you know if our sales went up for some product, like, if you were using selling, let's say, 500 units a day, suddenly it's selling like, 3000 previous days. Like, what happened then, usually in like, half a day, one day or something, we get to the kind of with customers, or whoever points us out some video, and then we see, okay, there was a Tiktok video which had like 2 million views or something like that. But now during that video period, we also did have some videos which had like 2 million views and stuff, okay, not in one day, but in one week time. But didn't find that direct correlation that we hope for. But anyway, we'll see. But again, as I mentioned with one of the competitors, we were at least getting to the same levels. So we mitigating the Amazon risk having lower President Bucha didn't affect

Unknown Speaker  17:18  
you. You mean as a Buy Box stuff or

Unknown Speaker  17:22  
i No, I mean, those who shop in Amazon, they have no clue about Tiktok shop. They don't compare it, like people do compare, you know, in different platforms, in a way that, okay, in my website, the price is like that. Let me check Amazon. Oh, it's cheaper. Now. These are, that's one of the channels which is not yet kind of you're not losing by we lose Buy Box if something happens in iHerb or or or the Wal Mart or online or something like that. But Tiktok shop is not in that list yet. But I think they stopped.

Unknown Speaker  18:00  
Actually, we had, we have also walmart.com, the case where prices were cheaper on Walmart, Amazon moved the buy box. But now, let's say, in the past six months, we had multiple occasions where the buy box on Walmart was cheaper and Amazon didn't do anything anymore.

Unknown Speaker  18:18  
Yeah, and I wanted to actually look actually. I wanted to Yeah, actually, yeah. With walmart.com we tried with one product. We wanted to within variation. We wanted to lose a Buy Box of like again, with another product, but this two ounce stuff, because for one, one other reason, but we wanted to lose a Buy Box, but because it was overtaking with some major keywords, it started overtaking our main this 12 ounce list. So we were like, Fuck, how can we disable this travel size from the, you know, search ranking so that our big stuff will come but in a way that if they go to the listing, it will still be there, in a that they could still buy, you know, this cheaper, smaller bottle as well, but that it won't hurt the rank. And then we okay, we put some ugly image, or like a lifestyle image, as a front image. Now it's four months already, it's still like running with that image which is non compliant the image, we try, like, a really small image, then it disappeared. But also disappear from the from the this selection or variations. We're like, damn it. And then we try, like this Walmart, like putting like lower price there didn't lose the buy box. So when you want to lose the buy box, you can't do it. But if you want to keep the buy box, then it's disappearing. So anyway, to wrap up our stuff, to get into the lunch is, yeah, in a way that this kind of. Go aggressively in Tiktok shop. That decision in September kind of worked out. We were able to scale more than we wanted in a revenue perspective. And yeah, we didn't have enough, because our team is really lean. They were able to do some basic stuff over the summer and stuff, but not really to then, like next level growth. So hiring and competent agency worked pretty well for us. But then, yeah, that was the first channel where we kind of didn't know all the costs, what were related to kind of coming in, and we are not every day checking all the financials and stuff. So it was like,

Unknown Speaker  20:48  
No, they were doing but they weren't,

Unknown Speaker  20:52  
like, they weren't responsible on that part. And we were like, I mean, we were discussing about, like, what should be the some those fees and those fees and those and like all those aspects, aspects, but yeah, and then yeah, be ready that some channel can get banned, or something that nowadays, so and Yeah, I hope I managed to lower your former Tiktok shop who hasn't run it in the US yet. So,

Unknown Speaker  21:27  
Dean, how do you look for creators in affiliates?

Unknown Speaker  21:32  
There is, like, bots and stuff that they kind of there are so many ways of reaching out in Tiktok shop. Actually, the agency do does most of that part for us, so we are not even like, I know they do like, lots of reach out and some bots and lots of background work inside of Tiktok

Unknown Speaker  21:56  
shop, there is by keywords like, in your niche,

Unknown Speaker  22:02  
person, they percentage rate of number of creators that get the product and the one that effectively do the campaign?

Unknown Speaker  22:08  
I think the videos, like most of them, will do a videos, because that sampling is what we are doing, is going through the Tiktok shop. So Tiktok shop also knows that it was a sample sent by us, and they penalize those who actually don't post the stuff. So there needs to be like, but I don't know the ratio of that part, but yeah, mostly do. But yeah, the quality is always as it is. So you need 10 bit better.

Unknown Speaker  22:41  
I think maybe like 10% of the but

Unknown Speaker  22:42  
some part what we are now, the other thing we are now going to focus in Tiktok, or Tiktok shop, is more of, like, creating more of our own content with, like, very based on some scripts and stuff, and then see if some video becomes like a like with school metrics. Then we start posting those, those videos more and be more careful. Yeah, before

Unknown Speaker  23:15  
you started reaching out to influencers, I was hearing some stuff that you need to do some kind of launch process on Tiktok, certain number of units sold, perhaps a certain number of reviews. Did you have to do that before you started getting decent influencers that would be responsive to your outreach? And if so, what was that number of units

Unknown Speaker  23:37  
sold and reviews? Yeah, we did those basic stuff over the summer. But I know there are some levels of revenue and something where in Tiktok own, like a shop, where you are also in different level that you can't even do some steps before you reach another level. I don't, and they keep changing as well a bit. So I noticed

Unknown Speaker  24:03  
it was like, over 1000 units sold. And when you have the stars and badge and those review review content,

Unknown Speaker  24:15  
but they still like, I mean, the bigger influencers you are kind of getting like it starts with that you are reaching out, usually. And then those who see some popular products or popular videos and want to copy, you know, the script and stuff, then they reach out. Some of them reach out without you being reached out first so and then it's like a open collab. Is that kind of where we put that you can promote our products. You can get samples. They go there. They get basically automatically, from Tiktok shop or sample we need to still approve. Yeah, there is, like two programs. One is this, Tiktok. Automated, but

Unknown Speaker  25:03  
you have to some metrics. You have to put their sales they should do, but it's working.

Unknown Speaker  25:11  
Did you guys use teleco or anything like that for the initial giveaways?

Unknown Speaker  25:16  
We use join brands, because we were using them anyway before anyway, doing like with some products, we did, like, 2030 videos just for Amazon stuff, or like, just for Tiktok and that we could advertise and send it towards Amazon. And now Tiktok shop was like one layer on top of that that we were able to our strategy was that kind of to have this commission based, you know, motivation for for the creators to kind of do more and more videos. Would you recommend this agency? Yeah, this amazing at home is has done a good work with us and competent people. There's like Amy Weis, who is like US based, but they have a team in Pakistan who are actually running the all this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  26:10  
Do you have some numbers on the ad spend? Meaning, how much did you spend? What was the ROS and what part of the overall review you had was from organic cafes.

Unknown Speaker  26:24  
Yeah, in the beginning when we started, but this end of September, October, when we were kind of growing, then it was like that, that our ad spend on those videos, on the on this video, like the advertising console, and we were

Unknown Speaker  26:47  
it was showing like ROS of 1.5

Unknown Speaker  26:50  
or something like that. But then we looked on our workshop, and we knew that we didn't do much with those videos, like anything else with those videos. Or like we saw where the where them, kind of most of sales came, and then we saw that like, it was like the organic sales in a shop, and the search was also growing according to the ad spend we did or so. It was like Ross of three on if we kind of three or four. But then we switched to some period into their automatic ways, and then they kind of captured the whole total sales. And then it was, like a bit messy, all this reporting. And yeah, this reporting part is, can be a bit tricky. Took a lot of time to figure it out. Okay, this is this, this is that. What is this like? A bit like a mess. Okay, thank you. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
