Speaker 1  00:00
Mary. So I'm Mary. I have been selling in the baby category Since 2018 and I live in Manhattan, New York. So today I want to share a new SOP that I recently developed. So we started selling on Tiktok, like last week of December, and I saw in the baby category. And Tiktok, if you guys don't know, they don't allow minors in your video. So it's been really challenging to get video content, and we are working with the affiliates, and that's going well. In February, our sales reached 5k so pretty happy with the progress that we're making, but it's been challenging to get our own video content, so I'm going to share a new SOP to get high quality user generated content. So I think when it comes to getting content, a lot of people think about join brands or discord. There's also a Tiktok creator marketplace, which a lot of people don't know about. The problem we had with join brands, which we first went to, I think it's a great platform for products that has, like, a wider audience, fashion, Home Goods, beauty. It works really well. But for products like mine, which are baby products, it was really hard to find qualified creators like a lot of them would apply even when they didn't have a baby. And I was like, What's the point? So it was taking a lot of time to go through all the creators and screening through them to make sure they had a baby. And I think a lot of people that sell in specific products, like, let's say you know, somebody that owns a car, or somebody that's selling like golf accessories, or somebody that's targeting a travel, traveler, when you're targeting, trying to target a specific type of creator, join brands is a little it's not as easy. They have this like must filter, but it doesn't work as well. The other thing is, you can't really the the platform doesn't really allow you to communicate with the creators before they apply and get the sample. So it's, it's very time consuming. And then the blast video quality, like, it's great to get quantity, but when it comes to quality, it hasn't been as great. So this is what we're doing. So with Tiktok, as a lot of you guys know, there's the affiliate collaboration program where they request a sample, they get the sample, and they make a video. So we're doing that, and we're pretty picky. We go in every profile and make sure that they have a baby before we approve the sample. If they do a good job after they get the sample and create a video, and if we like the video, and this is usually like one in 100 then we message them and we take the conversation to Instagram Tiktok messaging feature is not great. So we found that even if we are communicating on Tiktok a lot of times, a lot of times, we'll just lose them and they they won't respond. So we decided to take it to Instagram instead, and then on Instagram, we offer $50 to create a second video, and it doesn't even have to be like a different hook or anything. It can be the exact same hook, as long as it's not the exact same identical video, then we get to post it on our own page. So that's what we're doing. And the other benefit with this is that we don't have to send another sample because they already have the sample, and we know that they've done a good job with the original video. If you want to give specific requests or instructions on how to create the video, you can do that, but we typically don't, and we have them delivered a video on Instagram, and after that, I go ahead on Tiktok and post it on my own page. That's it.

Unknown Speaker  04:29
Questions. Tracy,

Speaker 2  04:31
right? From Tiktok to Instagram, I assume it's like further collaboration, right? What

Speaker 1  04:36
do you mean by further collaboration? Influence

Speaker 2  04:39
the words well on Tiktok, then you bring the conversation to Instagram, you offer, like, 50 bucks degree another week. Like, is that like for their staff of collaboration? Like, what is the reasoning to offer 50 bucks degree at saca? Video,

Speaker 1  04:53
they won't do it without any compensation, okay, yeah. But

Unknown Speaker  04:56
the initial one on Tiktok, it was free.

Speaker 1  04:59
That. One, they get a commission on that one, okay,

Speaker 2  05:02
yeah, okay, but that's the Instagram one, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:05
So this is a video that we get to post on our own page. The videos that they first create, it gets posted on their page, and they earn a commission if somebody sees their video and buys a product. So the second video is for your Instagram, correct, right? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  05:24
Are you seeing that much success on your social media that you're spending $50 per video?

Speaker 1  05:30
Um, we're still not break even for several reasons. Um, number one, I think, is our pricing. So we're selling around like 26 $27 and the shipping is actually pretty expensive. We're using MCF, but it's like $8 between eight and $9 so we need to figure out a way where we're really limiting the PPC spend and we're getting more sales to our direct page content. Yeah, so still working on.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai