Speaker 1  00:00
All right. So mine's gonna be short and sweet. I'm gonna start with the problem. So the problem that I had is that I was trying to a lot of my listings had a very low click through rate, and I was trying to understand, like, how to make them better and test them. So I did, like, I used intellivia, use telemetrics, and I was winning all those surveys, like, hands down. And I was like, How is it possible? Like, I'm not winning against same competitor, not winning the market is CTR is higher than mine, and I put the same people. So how is it possible? So I tried to figure out, like, a better way of doing testing, and ISIL supplements. So in my specific category, a lot of like, people are searching for a specific ingredient so they know they already kind of funneled. They know already what they want. And the people that are taking service on intellivi and telemetrics had have no idea of those ingredients, right? So it's a very, very different customer. So I try to find, like, obviously, I could, you know, change the main image, change the price, change the title on Amazon itself, and see if my click through rate gets better. For that, I usually look at the brand analytics, so I would need to wait, you know, a couple of weeks. So it takes time. And also, like, I cannot change the image, especially drastically on Amazon, because they're going to suspend me in second. So I was like, maybe I could use Google Shopping to actually test click through rate, and use Google Shopping ads to test click through rate. So I tried to do that. And turns out it was a great, very, very good, because I could, first of all test, you know, 567, different variations very quickly. Like, every variation takes a couple days to test, and I'm only looking at click through rate, so I don't care at all the traffic goes on my Shopify sometimes make sales. I really care. But like, what I'm looking at is just click through rate, and there I can test, basically, title, I can test price, I can test image, and it's a very similar customer, because a customer that is searching for, like a specific ingredient for supplement, right? So it's a bit it's a funnel customer already, and the label that I have, the price I have, the title that I have, needs to actually care for that specific person. So that's it, short and sweet. But questions, yeah, just talk about setting up the campaign team, yeah. So I basically, yeah, that's like, kind of, it's fairly easy. So with Google Merchant, you have, have you ever done? Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, Google ads to Google ads for, for shop, for shopping, you basically, I personally create, like, I have a base version, which is the current label and title, whatever I have, and then I create, kind of create, like, a second product. And on that product, I keep changing the labels and stuff. Google doesn't care, because they don't have the product, so they don't know what I'm selling. The customer will receive if they buy, they receive a product that has a slight different label. I don't really care. Doesn't really matter. But, yeah, so basically, what I do is I create an ad. I create an ad group for the version. So let's say, you know, testosterone booster a so that's the version I run it for. You know, a couple of days, three days, as far as I have like enough like clicks to make sense. Basically, also the CPC is way lower than Amazon PPC, so that's great. And then I pause it, I change the image or the title or the price on Google Merchant. And then I create another ad group, which is testosterone booster B, and I run that for two days. So that's kind and then I have all the versions, all the data, and then I compare. So you're only making the changes on Google side. You don't have to actually make the changes on the product side, on Shopify. Uh, on shop you could, you could change it only on Google. I personally change it on Shopify too. It's just not that product is not really visible unless you go direct link. So I don't really care. I change it on Shopify as well. But you, I think you can change it also on Google only how

Speaker 2  04:00
much budget or how much samples are you using to test this?

Speaker 1  04:05
Well, that's up to, like, how safe you want to be with the variants I saw for the specific product I tried now and tried on other products, but for the specific product I was trying, I had to basically double click through rate. So that's a big difference. I saw that statistically significant, that like 90%

Unknown Speaker  04:25
was like about 50 clicks per version,

Speaker 2  04:27
like, but you set a budget of $100 $500 $1,000

Speaker 1  04:34
for those ads. I mean, I set up like a very I didn't even set up like a budget. The CPC is about 80 cents a click, and it's about 50 clicks per version. So depending on how many versions you want to test,

Speaker 3  04:46
and before that, you tried telling me, and you also must have tried Amazon AB testing.

Speaker 1  04:51
Amazon AB test, I tried long time ago. But the thing is, most of my changes that actually made the big diff, like the price of. Already right. The title is already right. Is an image change. If I'm changing, like, a label, like, from green to white, Amazon is gonna fuck me in the ass. So, Oh, whoops, sorry for the French. But, you know, like, I don't want that. What? So? So, yeah, so, like, you can't have, like, those big changes, especially if you need to make seven different of them like I would rather, if I figure out that actually that I need to change fully color, right then I would rather test it on Google, and then once I'm sure, then I do one change on Amazon, and I try not to be theft, seller metrics, long time ago. Yeah, intellivi was the most recent one I tried. And I was like, winning surveys, like, by far, like, hands down. And I was like, how is that possible? I suck in real life. How many people are you like, paying for intellibi? A sample size? Maybe, like, two, 300 Yeah, no, it costed more too. So like that, and save a lot of money, and it's actual customers that I know they're searching for that process. It's the actual customer. Problem is that people in TV are not your no they're a person that has no idea what you know, I don't know.

Speaker 4  06:17
Did you consider the fact that Google Shopping is putting up random competition. So you're not a consistent video set every single time. So you're kind of, you know, like your filter rate could vary considerably based on who else is showing up. Yet for you,

Speaker 1  06:33
yes, in a way, but all the versions have the same thing, so there is variance in all the versions. So it's not that like version G only has shitty competitors, so, like, that's a I'm not, I'm not comparing the click through rate that I have on Amazon with the click through rates on Google. I'm comparing Google to Google. So I mean, Google shopping feed

Speaker 4  06:53
is going to give you a randomization of who's being displayed up next to you, right? So the little like, images of all your competition, yeah, those aren't consistent. Those change.

Speaker 1  07:01
They change, by the way, on the performance on the ad. So like, Google ranks higher people that have, like, hired. I think it's a very similar I mean, on Amazon, the results change too. So wouldn't that be the same? The challenge

Speaker 5  07:15
is no platform. It's as reliable as you would really like it to be. I mean, yeah, a new example, which is great. So I want to test this, but nothing is actually reliable to a level that you really want. But, yeah, I think this is, I mean, if,

Speaker 1  07:30
if you don't trust the usual, you just do, like, 500 clicks, like, I just tried to be conservative budget and, you know, like, I think 50 clicks was like a good enough, you know, statistical significance, but you can go a size one. Have you tested it now on Amazon, though, after you found these results, I literally did this, like it's been like a month term testing. I now am double click through rate. So now, now I put the image I was didn't like it. So I need to find a way to maybe do anyways, because it's too much of a different like look. And they're like, Oh no, this product is not this. And I'm like, Yes, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
They don't like label, label changes in general. Yeah, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai