Speaker 1  00:05
My name is Stella. I married, have three sons. Been an MDS member since 2018 or 2019 not prepared, no slides. Just, you know, anybody who wants to talk Tiktok shop, Tiktok store. You know, I'm here to answer questions, give some tips and tricks. I went all in, well, going back to Amazon. Been selling on Amazon for over 10 years. Feel a little burnt out. Doesn't excite me anymore. I mean, it still brings the money, but when I discovered Tiktok and the potential it has, I went all in. Pretty much last couple of months, we've been doing over six figures a month in revenue on Tiktok and scaling fast running out of inventory. That's a big pain, because once your product goes viral and you're not of stock, you are screwed. You know, it's very hard to pick up where you left off. Basically have to start from scratch, you know, get a product to go viral again, but it is possible. So just recently, we got finally a Tiktok account manager, a dedicated account, not just somebody who just goes you out, but somebody who would actually respond to you at 11 o'clock at night, whatever it is you know, does calls with you,

Unknown Speaker  01:18
a BT manager, ads manager, etc.

Speaker 1  01:22
So some of the tools we're using, we started using Yuka AI recently, which is an amazing tool for not just for outreach, to have something that's called social listening, where you could not only see what your competition is doing the revenue they're generating, you could search for trending products, videos that your competitors are making it generate scripts for you from those videos that you could easily just basically feed into chatgpt or whatever you're using, code and Yuka, e, u, K, a.ai, another, couple of bots out there. We used Leo mint tool when it just started out, you know? We switched to uptick, and quickly enough, we switched to UConn. We're sticking with that for now. Another awesome tool is called refunnel. So if you have a lot of content on Tiktok, like we have hundreds and hundreds of Creator made videos for us, which was a pain in the ass, I had my team actually find the videos, download them, upload them into our Google Drive or whatever they're using, you know. So we could save them for whatever reasons. You can't repurpose their content, but at least we could check for the quality and decide which videos we should spark just to boost the revenue. Because sometimes organic content dies down, slows down, so you want to always spark it. So refunnel actually pulls all the videos, not just from Tiktok, but also from Instagram, real stories, whatever you're using, and it's right in front of you. It shows you, in real time, views, how much that video per creator generated for you. You know, there's a way to organize that content. You could create folders, move the content so you could decide if you want to reach out to the Creator, ask for the usage rights, or ask them for Spark codes, etc. So it's really neat. What else as far as the creator outreach, so once they start applying for your samples. I mean, I know how many of you have gotten to the point, but we have like, 1000 sample requests per day now, so it's a lot to go through, because once there is some success that you show, they actually come to you.

Unknown Speaker  03:49
We sort them by

Speaker 1  03:52
percentage of postings that they do. So some of them, you know, could request samples, but they have like 1420, 40% of post rate. So in other words, they would get your sample, but they may not necessarily create content for you. So now we have the luxury, actually, of filtering those out and just ignoring them, or, like rejecting them. So just as one of the faster ways to, like filter through those, get rid of the ones with the lowest post rate, GMV, we review their GMV. You know, even though some have low GMV, but they make awesome content. So I strongly recommend actually reviewing everybody's account individually. If you have a dedicated person, train them to go inside their Tiktok and look at their content. Look at their quality, look at their energy. Look at their just holding the product and using music which is useless, or just reading off the packaging, or just like marketing, you know, jargon you want somebody who would show like, talk about their genuine experience, you know, whatever that may be, that's what moves. Moves the product. Creates great, great content for you, and if it's good enough, you could repurpose it on other social media. Channels, Facebook ads, etc, Amazon, that's

Unknown Speaker  05:04
pretty much it. So if you have any questions,

Speaker 1  05:07
so the content created by these creators who owns that content, they own it, or Tiktok owns it, they own the content. So you can't repurpose that same content on Tiktok, even if they give you the usage rights, because you're going to get a buy you're going to get a violation. So Tiktok only wants original content, and early on, you got violation points that you know stick around for six months. Unfortunately, are you able to download the video? You could download the videos and then have somebody edit the video so it's so we did that. We thought we're going to be smart. So you could, you know, do like a mash up, do a couple of clips, use some over the, you know, stock footage, whatever it is, and cut a couple of pieces. So we got six violation points per video. So that's 12 violation points in December. So we're still, it's going to take six months for it to fall off. And we can even do like an across marketing, upselling marketing can do like outbound messages, you know, for we didn't know that so and Tiktok doesn't really have answers for you exactly, even our account manager. So I recently hired a marketing a Tiktok marketing manager who says for an affiliate account. So you can have affiliate accounts that's not linked to your shop. So it's like top of funnel marketing, where you could post contacts, that's where you see the slides, or like educational videos, or whatever they may be. You could experiment with those. So my marketing, or Tiktok marketing manager, says we can reuse the videos as long as we credit the creators, as long as we tag them or credit them. But my Tiktok account manager says she's not totally certain. I mean, of course, we're not getting together trouble because the shop is not connected to an affiliate account, but she's not certain. So that's you know, as far as the comments, you don't own the usage rights, but you can ask them for the spark code and run ads. So once you have something that's already generating revenue for you organically, for example, you want to boost it up and re target those customers. And of course, Tiktok has their own algorithm, so they show to more customers, etc. You can ask for usage rights. Usually they want money to repurpose the content outside of Tiktok, Facebook ads, Amazon, social media channels, etc. So this refund app does that for you, like it doesn't automate it for you, but makes it so much easier. It cuts a lot of time. Are you doing everything in house? And what are you doing with shipping? So shipping we're doing, we have our fulfillment center, so it's been great, except for until it wasn't three. PL, yeah. So we have 268, orders missing from February 24 right now, and it's a big pain. So three. PL, backed out orders printed shipping on President's day they were open. USPS will pick up the orders picked it up on the 25th and it still has a waiting collection. So we're in trouble with Tiktok, even though we have an account manager who is able to actually, I mean, we're gonna lose money because cancelation goes in automatically once you know the tracking is not picked up. So it's a big loss. We got a lot of female PS, but you know, it's just good enough for tic tac not to get the violation. Why didn't

Speaker 2  08:23
you move away from USPS? Why don't we? Yeah, I've heard so many horror stories with using them, like, how some you don't use UPS or FedEx.

Speaker 1  08:32
We're still getting lower rates, I guess, but we are moving into FBT. So we tested with one SKU, and it's been going well. So we are this week, just shipping more stock into a BT, sorry, what? Carrier? Moving to Facebook, fulfilled by Tiktok. No, no, fulfilled by Tiktok. Who's gonna be the carrier? Oh, you're gonna use them as a yes, yeah. Amazon has one fulfillment. So Tiktok, they don't take right? So, but once you show velocity, they open it up. You could just join the waiting list and they'll call you. Did you talk profitability and like, Yes, I think Oleg had a question.

Speaker 3  09:09
Can you update on the orders that you messed up on? Can you update it for a new tracking number that will be delivered and backdated?

Speaker 1  09:18
No, because the customer still claims they didn't receive it. Once they claim they didn't receive it,

Unknown Speaker  09:25
you know, you can appeal it.

Unknown Speaker  09:27
No, no, you can't. You can't.

Speaker 1  09:32
We're out of stock. The product went viral, so we sold out. We don't have inventory to reship. Sorry,

Speaker 3  09:42
I'm getting ready to make my first ship in two How long does it take to check in?

Speaker 1  09:47
They check in when you send to a BT, yeah. So you have a couple different options. You could either ship to one center have bc i think it's called and it's one to three day check in. Yeah. But you should. To four, five different locations, but it was saying you will get one, no. So if you decided to ship only to one or two locations, then there is an added cost per unit, and they show you approximate cost, and then it takes longer. Yeah, do?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai