Speaker 1  00:00
Music. So Morris wanted us to intellectually slow down a little bit after the last couple presentations, so I've been kind of strategically placed accordingly. So my presentation is about hiring 3.0 specifically, we're trying to hire for an Amazon channel manager. This is something we've tried tons and tons of times to hire for in the past. We failed over and over and over again. So this was an attempt now to kind of leverage new tools out there to fix this issue that we've always had. And then the second piece of it, I guess I'm doing the slides. Yeah, I'll introduce myself next after I'm going to change up the order. The second issue is, the way that you hire is really, really changing with AI. I mean, in terms of, I don't know about you guys, but we really rely on tasks challenges, like trial projects, and it's a joke now, like anything that you put out there, you're going to get just a 10 out of 10 response from everybody, non stop. You could kind of see it overnight, the way that people respond to job applications now. So it has to be live like you have to watch what they're doing. And when you're a small team, you know, you don't really have the time to do that. Or, you know, the person in your team who's tasked to watch that person, they might they may not be like they may not even know, really have the subject matter for something like hiring a leadership position, like head of channel. So that's what we attempted to do. I guess I'll introduce myself now. Yeah, I'm Uday Sandhu. I'm in supplements. We're at $25 million a year. Been selling Since 2017 Okay, so the first big kind of hack that helped us with this is a tool called Jazz HR. And what's cool about this tool is it manages, kind of like the post and it pushes it out to a bunch of platforms. If that's something you try to do manually, like if you go to LinkedIn and you try to post in a number of different markets, you have to pay to post and push it out. So I don't know what partnership jazz HR has with a lot of these job boards, but you just pay jazz HR once. It's like a monthly fee, and for free, you push it out to all of these. So the spread that you're going to get for the cost that you're going to do it is essentially nothing. The other kind of hack called the SEO hack, is, we'll never just post the one job as is, we want to take over the job board. We want to take up all the real estate. And also we want to slightly phrase the job a little bit differently to kind of attract different types of people. So, you know, on one hand you could say Amazon, channel manager. On another hand you could say brand manager. Just use chat GPT to kind of slightly, slightly mix it up. Sometimes you're trying to, you know, appeal to somebody who's looking for a higher level role, sometimes a lower level role. And the idea is just to attract all sorts of people, tons of real estate, all types of people coming in. And really, now, you know, you're as a business owner, you're harnessing the power of AI for that filtering. So you got, you know, when we did this, we put it live, it was really just for like, 12 hours, and we got 1500 applicants, and there is a level of screening that already happens out of those 1500 because there's kind of some questions you can ask in jazz HR, some kind of like showstopper questions. Now you have your 1500 from all the places that you were targeting, and that's where we're just shoving these CVS into chatgpt. What I do is, this is just kind of something that we've done. I'll literally go for a walk, and I'll spend hours just talking saying, Okay, this is what we're looking for. I'll go back and forth saying, Okay, how, how could this be done? So maybe you miss somebody really good. How do I make sure that you, you know, the the hook that I use, or the prompt that I use really narrows down, you know, 500 of these applicants to, like, the perfect 30, the perfect 50. It's kind of iterative, but it's done a phenomenal job. Like you go from 1500 you easily kind of screen that only about half of them are people that you'd really consider. And then from there, you kind of use this more, I guess, intense screening with chat GPT, to bring it down to 30 to 50. And then the last piece is what we call the AI proof test. I don't know if there's a better way to do it. I'm sure there is, but we didn't have a lot of luck looking at tools that are out there designed to be aI proof tests, because they don't offer a lot of flexibility in the actual test that they offer. You have to use, like some of their preset tests, and that was one of the biggest challenges. And I'm not looking for kind of an IQ test. I want to decide what the problems are. I want them to be very, very specific to our business. So we had to come up with kind of a creative way where we could present the problem to somebody, but it was aI proof they couldn't kind of cheat. And we didn't see any kind of ready made solution for that. If anybody knows one, let me know. So what we ended up doing is, I mean, it's like a pretty basic approach, but candidates basically schedule a time to take their test. It's an hour, and then when that hour starts, basically they get emailed, or they receive a link that has all the instructions of what they need to do. And the instructions basically say, Okay. You need to start recording yourself as you do this. You're going to submit your written work from the problems that you're about to see, and then they open up the problems. And it's the first time they've ever seen those problems within that hour. And we can tell that this is the first time it's, you know, the documents been opened. And, you know, they have an hour to go. Basically, within that hour, we're giving them three questions. So the one, the first question is, like a data set from Amazon. It could be, like a search query report. It could be, you know, one of those, you know, like launch dashboards, like what Scott was showing, and we'll do it so that it has a story that's kind of it. And chat GPT spins this up for us, you know, I'll talk to it to come up with, you know, that that actual image of, like, the broken data set. So that data set will be there, and there'll be pieces missing in that data set. Maybe it's like the number of sales for that day, or the eight costs will be kind of crazy in one day. And they basically have to look at it and start out loud, kind of thinking, Okay, what am I seeing here? What is the story that this data is telling me? So we see them talk out loud. And then they also have to submit that kind of written form. And then, you know, your typical questions like, Okay, talk to me through managing, you know, 100 different SKUs. How would you approach that? What's the time you had an insane situation with a product going down things like that, we get the final written version, so we don't have to go through all the videos ourselves. And then of the finalists, of the written versions that we like, of the final projects that we like, we can then go back and look at the videos to see how they think what they're like, and then also, you can kind of tell if they're cheating or not, if any like suspicious behavior in that way. So yeah, we're on our final five people now, and they're all like top tier candidates, and we're able to do this with just myself and one other person to run this whole thing. That's it. It's on the US or outside. It's been everywhere. So we posted this in the US, LATAM, Eastern Europe, jazz a char lets you push it to all those different markets, UK, not the UK story for another time. Don't hire in the UK, crazy laws. So these five candidates, now that you have where they where are? Three of them are in South America. One of them is in the US. One is in Eastern Europe.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
What tools are you using for the one hour?

Speaker 1  07:15
You know, we actually it. So it's Google Drive, and then somebody's like, just makes the link like, shares the link on the hour. I forget what scheduling tool, but a normal scheduling tool, and really it's just a Word document. When they open up the folder that has the instructions, and it kind of puts a little bit of onus on them, like, hey, record yourself. But we don't give them like, this is what you need to do to record yourself, because we want to see them figure it out.

Speaker 2  07:41
So what are you hiring for? For this

Speaker 1  07:45
position? It really is just somebody who manages the Amazon channel, like an Amazon like all our sales on Amazon, like everybody here, we're mostly selling on Amazon. Me as a co founder, like I'm the one super deep into the day to day. So ideally, this is somebody who manages that entire team. You know, they manage the launches, they manage conversion. They'll have a team of three or four kind of VAs working under them, but they're responsible for, like, the P and L of Amazon, essentially. So pretty. It's like a leadership Yeah, level position, yeah,

Speaker 3  08:16
when they record themselves, aren't you afraid that they might have chatgpt or a different screen? Yeah?

Speaker 1  08:21
So I mean, the idea that it's not 100% foolproof, but the idea is, because we know they've seen that question for the first time. We're looking, we can see them think out loud and answer, and at least the ones we looked at like I've seen people try to cheat. And you can tell like they're typing, they're looking, and they have this monotone like we know how to answer these questions, and what it sounds like when someone's naturally answering it, the answer is, sometimes will just be too perfect, and they're like, you know, perfectly bulleted out. It's actually not hard to tell visually when someone's cheating. From what I could see,

Speaker 2  08:55
if someone is using chat GPT to figure it out, I think I'll hire them because,

Speaker 1  08:59
yeah, if they fooled you on this like they deserve it, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai