Speaker 1  00:05
Kat awesome. I was gonna have everybody do a jumping jack for every unit you own, but it's a little warm, so we'll skip that. So we're gonna skip that. I'm Travis. I've been in MDS since 2017 a little bit about me. I've almost died twice, once physically in 2015 I got read over by a boat. Financially, 2023 I lost 5 million in a cannabis equipment business story for their time. Currently, real estate wise, I'm on track for 35,000 a month in net profit. That's not gross cash flow through co living. And currently do about 15k a month in profit from Airbnb. I've done a slew of things. From being a nurse, I'm on a retail store for a decade. I had a warehouse in Amazon. I had Amazon agency, built the cannabis company. 25 million in three years flat. See The Lost 5 million, made a lot of money, lost a lot of money, and now I'm all about cash flow and kind of keeping it. And I think we know the what makes things so cool. I think I'm pretty good at dynamically, kind of quickly, jumping into something and learning and hitting the ground running. My why? This is my wife and two kids. I've wasted a lot of time, you know, in the past. Huh? Where am I up there? Yeah. And I waste a lot of money and time in businesses in the past on different things that you know didn't pan out the way that I anticipated, took a lot of time away from the family and kids, and now I want to make sure I don't do that again. So I'm really kind of building cash flow with intention. And when I have a sustainable, repeatable lifestyle, I went from you being seven hours a day on Zoom to like two hours a week. And it's pretty cool. So if you missed Airbnb in 2015 don't do it again. That's where CO living is. Now. It's super, super new. A couple of things just kind of overall tips, real estate wise. I think a lot of people see these. I call them the myths, but most people think like, oh, I need my taxes. I need to have a certain income to be able to buy something you don't. I'm using dsdr loans. I've bought seven houses this year already. I never gave a single piece of paper that said how much money I made. You just need roughly 20% down. You pay a little bit more on the rate. But at the end of the day, it's much cheaper. Fernando Corona is a buddy of mine. I've met recently through my co living ventures, and he pretty much financed anything on a dstr loan. And like others have said, right now, interest rates are high, but I think it's the best time to buy, because really no one else is buying, and especially for this type of model. So what is CO living, affordable housing for working adults? Realistically, none of us in this room probably know very many people that fit in this tenant portfolio. It's a private room and a shared house, and we have cleaning every week or every two weeks. We do all the exteriors like everything's covered. It's kind of like Airbnb before room, but they're more like long term, call them midterm. It's all inclusive, one payment. They pay weekly or bi weekly. Roughly, for us, it comes out about $825 to 850, a month is what they're paying. But they're paying weekly or bi weekly, and there's no security deposits, so they're moving fees like 100 bucks plus this their first week. You know, it's a short term, ready, long term, viable option, single occupants only, no pets. Our average stay is about nine months. Have some people have been in there since I started 18 months ago. In the long run, it's a better way to live, you know, a lot of people, it's really designed to support, you know, kind of connection. A lot of people now probably live in their own room or by they live by themselves. This is kind of a built in community, while also saving money. And then we have all the technology, of course, and everything to manage. We'll get to that. Mostly they're shared. So actually, to answer that question, there's usually three to one. Is the ratio I go with? Kind of like the standard industry is four people to one. Bath is like, what the maximum share? I typically build three to ones, you obviously get about a $50 a week premium for having your own bathroom, if it's like attached or sometimes I'll just have a locked off bathroom where everything room has a Smart Lock, but like that bathroom is yours. You know, from the financial advantage on our side, besides, just like the social impact it has, we're gonna see how you get two to three times more income versus traditional rental. And I'm gonna go through a case study of a house that I just went live. Funny enough, it's in Irving, where a bunch of other people mentioned stuff. I have seven houses currently, two in Florida, and five here in five in Dallas, so I guess standard three, four bedroom, single family home, maybe 2800 a month. When I convert that to 11 rooms at 800 bucks, we get $8,800 a month. So I mean, even today's 8% rates, the math really makes sense. Traditionally, you'd have like a high vacancy rate, or not a high vacancy rate. But you know, if we only have one person when they move, you have a month or two of turnover. You got a month or two down at zero. In my case, if you have 1011 rooms, even if one or two are vacancy, you're always still 80% and usually you need maybe 50% ish to cover, just like your base level cost and the other 50% profit.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
Yes, one

Speaker 1  05:18
correct. Yeah. Every time I'll show you, I've done 10 rooms in 2000 square feet. I have a slide on that. So as far as storage, if I could figure that out, we're gonna have some vertical coffins. Square feet minimum, yeah, 70 square feet is actually the legal minimum for a bedroom. 70 square feet, yeah, seven by 10. So obviously, short term rental it. We're all used to that. I have several Airbnbs. They're all kind of following Chicago's model. He showed some my pictures on one of my earlier but like in those areas, you kind of sometimes are fighting regulations. You don't really have that issue here, as farting, like, as far as, like, fighting Airbnb problems, everybody signs a monthly, a membership agreement, and they pay weekly, so it's not an actual lease. And there's some reasons around that I can give you notice to get out 48 hours because you're on a membership like a gym. There's still, currently, currently, the biggest roadblock for this model is there are a lot of archaic occupancy laws within different cities, something that I'll say, like unlimited related, blood related people can live together, but only four unrelated there's actually that's like a movement Colorado. There's a couple states that have limited that as a law. Texas just passed a law that is on the right direction, but only within certain guidelines. But I think on the direction is going three to five years out, based on just kind of how the housing shortage go looks and the economy, this is likely to far more open up. It's more likely that the federal government will come in and say, Hey, we're just kind of extending this law, because it doesn't really make sense. It was originally designed to prevent, like, brothels and things like that, 100 years ago. Another cool thing is, like, anybody has regular, traditional real estate, long term rentals, you can't just walk in with unannounced and, like, look around. Well, you can do that in CO living, because everybody's just renting a room on a membership. So I can walk in at any moment, without any notice. And, you know, look around the property. We have cameras. So I have usually between three and five cameras inside the property, so like, the kitchen, all the areas that would be considered common spaces. And really, that's just there for, like, if somebody is like, Hey, I mean, we have some, sometimes some funny things that somebody's like, hey, somebody, you know, like, got my face at a at the oven we were cooking. That's like, maybe something that's happened the last year. And you're like, Yeah, I have it on video. It's more so just, if you ever need to look ever need to look at it, other than that front, rear exterior cameras type thing, kind of, going back to people talked about cap rates and kind of forced appreciation. So obviously your net income is dramatically higher. You know, if you have $6,000 a month on a single family home that supports a 900 to a million dollar evaluation at a 68 cap rate, regardless of if the home was 300 403 to 400,000 so this is how I do it. So I wish I just have a pointer. You can't see it. Find a cheap buyer. You're strategic buyers in this room. I mean, if I sell you something that's that's turnkey, making $5,000 a month, like you pay would probably pay me a premium for it. See that's coming. We'll talk about it. Yeah, yeah, Mark's done it. Tom so on the left hand side, this is the Irving house. Typical. This house is 20, just, just under 2700 square feet. And then it has a about a 300 square foot garage. So you can see on normally, you walk in dining room, there would be an office, one bedroom, walk in closet, master bath, half bath, downstairs, kitchen, garage, big living room upstairs, there's 123, bedrooms and a bath, with this big game room and like this middle bonus room. Okay, this is the house I bought. This house, it's a $350,000 house, 20% down. I have a seven half percent rate, and I put 100,000 in renovations, mostly because I did the foundation. We replaced an entire HVAC. We did a bunch of stuff that we kind of necessarily didn't have to do, but I'd rather not mess with it. So this would be what I could traditionally rent this for if I just basically fixed it up and tried to sell it as this. This is an actual floor plan. This house just went live in two days. I've already rented two of the rooms. This is a bath, the original. So you can see, we made a hallway to access this bathroom. I turned the walk in. Oh, so this property, we basically turned a two bathroom, two and a half baths. I expanded that bathroom. There was a closet here that I turned in to make a shower. Since it's full, that bathroom stayed the same. I turned the closet into a private bathroom for this one. This one right here has a lock on it for this guy. So these are both my two private bathrooms. These are currently rented. 253 a week and 260 a week. So it's roughly 1080 $1,100 a month for each of those. This is our smallest room. This room is nine by 10. I. Um, that one's rented at $200 a week currently. And then we have the living room. We got split to bedroom, four, five. I always do two sets of laundry when you have 1011, people. That's just one of the areas that you can have some confrontations. And we made it, we simplified it. The garage we turn into like a studio. It's a nice big space upstairs. You can see, I kept those three rooms. We added an extra bathroom here. This is like a secondary kind of just living space. There's a camera here, and we split the game room into two. In total, I'm getting 9675 assuming they're all rented, based on about 825, per room, and then these two privates. So I'm making $6,875 in profit after all expenses with this house. And I think that all permitted, and they should be. I do not do permits unless I get caught. I only have one out of seven that I currently am having to go through permits. But on the exit. It doesn't matter. I mean, on the exit, because at the end of the day, if they came, and like I've also had it where on this house, actually, they they came and basically red tag me after we were done in reservation or on renovations, and I had a brand new AC unit outside. So I'm like, Oh, the house is already like this when I bought it, like, when we buy I take down all the pictures. I'm just, like, I only put in an HVAC and we, like, painted and did thing. I'm like, I don't know who put 11 rooms in, and they don't really have any way to prove it, as long as I don't get caught with, like, holes in the ground, which I do have one currently, Kat holes in the ground. And so we had to, like, but it's a 12. I have a 12 four that that one's happening. Also bark the clock, deceased double box. Yeah, yeah. So this is kind of the overall, like, really rising demand on it. So if we see, like, there's more single adults than ever. There's more the affordable housing crisis we all know about. We can all debate.

Speaker 2  11:45
Go ahead, sell it. What you do?

Speaker 1  11:48
If I decide to sell it as the buyer will, I'll sell it with 10 people living in it. Also, yeah, yeah. So there's an investor would buy it, you know? And that's pretty much the exit strategy. There's actually, there's actually, there's currently a marketplace where you can buy these loaded with people, but it's very, very small. Go through this, or that's Kat, you play that. I'm looking just for cash flow. You know, I'm just keeping them for cash flow, yeah, like for and I'll share my chart, but, like, I won't buy something unless it will cash flow $3,000 a month. That's like, my limit, my minimum, and 15%

Speaker 2  12:21
just thought, Kat friend, she does the same, but she she will not change their wings that you might be, yeah, assisted

Speaker 1  12:32
living, a little bit different thing. June mentioned that really you have to then have those people need some care, right? You have to have somebody. There's a lot ADA to compliance. You definitely have to go permitting that way. And someone usually lives in the house, or comes very often to like, to help. Yeah, this is for and I'm going to get to my avatars of who are my people in just a second. No, you're good. And, and so really, these everybody like, they really value. A lot of people come to this because they have to. I mean, I got people were like, I'm living in my car. Or this is an option that's like, one demographic, and you have social security people, and we'll talk about that. But this is a stat from AARP, and it's talking about, like, the number of houses in the US. 72% of them are built for a nuclear family. You know, husband, wife, couple kids. The houses are designed that way. 28% of them are multifamily, you know, kind of the other stuff. But like people, 28% of everyone lives is a single living loan, you know, a couple with no kids. We do have options where I can, like, I'll make a you all allow two occupancy a room if it has its own private entrance, has its own bathroom, which some of my houses have that, you know, adult roommates. 20% of people are doing that, and that's really just where they're they're not traditional. But that's for the because it's more affordable, you know. So 20% of people are nuclear families, but 72 of the houses are built for them. And that's like part of the biggest problem here. This is another stat showing lower income brackets and basically how much leftover money they have after pay for housing. You can see people under 30,000 are really negatively impacted, especially since covid, cost of things have gone up. Costs have gone up much more drastically than your average hourly wage. This is just kind of a normal breakdown. If you make 15 bucks an hour, your 31,000 a year after tax is 26 and if you're trying to qualify three times your income, you can only qualify for $744 a month based on kind of the standard rules. Plus you need to usually come up with first month last month, things like that. And our average one bedroom in the US is double that. So, like, there's a massive disconnect between what people can fit and kind of where they're at. So these are my three types of people that we typically get, mid 20s, early 40s or, sorry, early 30s, working for two jobs, trying to save money, just want to make it in life. That's kind of where they're at. 30s through 40s. Recently had a divorce, you know, moving across country for a job, things like that. All these people are usually like, in their mindset, like, I'm looking for something for three months, and some of those people are still with me 18 months later, never left. The good tenants, they always pay on those fronts. I have people that are in their 50s, 60s, maybe they're downsizing, trying to stretch their Social Security. And all three of these people will live together in the same house, along with seven or eight others. But like these are kind of the buckets that I see people fall into. I would say it's probably 15% this one, 60% this one, and this is like your 30% in the middle. So where do we get our members? I've been doing this for 18 months. I bought three houses at one time at the end of 2023 I've now bought seven more houses this year, basically one a month. When I started, we were doing this all on our own. I, like, built a team around it, similar to everybody else, with Amazon staff and VAs and we processed 3000 leads last year through Facebook. Marketplace. Roomies is a website for people to more so to like, pair up and like, let's all join together and like, rent a place. But that has its own issues, because then they sign they rent a place for a year, they really know each other, and there's no really easy way to get out if three or four people rent a house together. Zillow recently added a room option, so we now post on there and then pad split is the CO living Airbnb equivalent for this model been around since 2017 they evaluated a couple 100 million dollars. I've now switched since February to hosting all our houses on there. They obviously, there's a few different fees we'll talk about, but that's kind of the way that I've gone now for a few different reasons. Well, first of the people are coming from Pride split, though right now it's probably over 80, yeah, because I still have all those other places. So this is past what currently largest midterm rental provided in the nation. There's 2200 rooms available on the platform with over 2000 hosts. All the blue dots are core active markets, basically the ones that they advertise in. So that's their biggest value add. Is that they're spending a shitload of money advertising to this demographic. Emerging is just ones where basically somebody has listed a house in one of those zip codes, but they're not actually drive pad splits, not spending money on advertising. So when I started roughly two years ago, at this point, there are more than it's tripled the number of dots on this map than existed before. So it's rapidly, rapidly growing. They're adding about 1000 rooms a month on pad split. This is data from like my host account currently within pad split. So this is just Jacksonville, Florida. This is one of those blue dots. There's 17 148 active units. A unit is a room in this case, and so an average house probably has between seven and 1012 there's 1100 people searching this month for rooms. So there's roughly eight people for every room searching. This is their average rates across all of Jacksonville. $168 per week for a shared bath. 249 for private so they're getting almost over $80 for a private bathroom, which is a substantial differential, more so than I've seen in most other markets. 85% average booked. Average booking is 11 days from posting your house to your first booking, and 38 days to 80% occupancy. Now, when I post into Irving in two days, I've already got two people, and I've had like three others, and I have a process in place to vet them, and I require a video. And there's a whole thing in place. But, you know, pod splits just really the platform. So if we go from here, I can click on any zip code and drill down. This is a zip code level view. In that zip code, there's 58 units. Here's your averages higher than the rest of the like the total higher occupancy, 15 days a book and 26 days to 80% book. So this is a better zip code than all the other ones, those are minor that could admire. Read me, oh, really, I didn't plan that. I just legally, just flicked around, just, it's up, it's up and coming. It's yeah. So this is my, my underwriter sheet. I'm going to kind of run you through some sections. I'll walk you through this. I also have a QR code you scan. I'll give you my sheet, but this is how I really look at a house. I am collecting emails and yeah, so four bedrooms, three bath is what I started with. We had 11. Five was our is our final count with one of those being private. This actually is two, because I ended up locking one of them off. Purchased it for 350, 20% down, which is, I don't have the locks in here, but yeah, 20% down. Closing costs, furnishings, because all of these rooms, you have to furnish them. I'll show you some pictures. Kind of what they look like. It cost me about 1000 bucks a room to furnish it, all decked out, including assembly and everything. Capex total, about 107,000 majority of that we did everything from like, adding all the walls, all electrical, every room has to have a fan, every room has to have an air vent. There's every room has to have a light. There's a lot of different things. And then we replaced, you know, foundation H back and some roofing was about 30,000 additional that I usually wouldn't have to do, but I'm really just kind of setting it up for a long term.

Speaker 2  19:59
Yeah. Doing electrical and plenty. So if you were to get like, Kat mid rendition of yours screwed,

Speaker 1  20:06
I mean, not really. You just keep going. You just get permits. I have one that's like, right now that's just got holes in the ground. We're waiting. But they're approving my permits for a 12 bedroom, and I'm converting the whole garage, you like, every single day, until it's not really like that. I mean, it's way more strict in commercial, like residential, it's not, I haven't hit a fine,

Speaker 2  20:27
like I can't find he hasn't he rip the West calling me Kat. We did a tick, and that's just a tick. Didn't do it while it's nothing else over it,

Speaker 1  20:33
yeah. I mean, yeah, it's what Tiki.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
I had tickets.

Speaker 1  20:41
The other thing I would think of, like, would be different if I was buying a million dollar house, like, I'm in a I'm in a million dollar neighborhood. Like, a lot more your neighbors are picky. I'm in neighborhoods where, like, there's cars parked on grass, like I don't I want to be or less for one of these B's and C's you want, where majority of people are renting, like, they're not really, like calling thing out, like a person has a blow pool in the front yard. So, yeah, so, oh boy, yeah. So I think that's the biggest difference. Is, like, I'm not going for, like, really high end errors. So this has, like, your temporary holding costs based on three months $25,000 invoice authorization, which I'll talk more about. But that's basically like a seller concessions thing that Juden was talking about earlier. It's really just an invoice to your contractor. So there's no limit on this. I've got 90,000 bucks from it before. Total investors 187, seven, half percent rate. I am baking 12% vacancy, which is much higher than my actual and that's partly because of the pad split fees. On pad split, they take 10 they take your first 10 days you're booking. It's called a booking fee. So when somebody books what their first 10 days, it's usually like 300 ish dollars. 350 bucks. They keep that and then there's 8% ongoing. Is the way that pad split works. If you bring your own person, like you found him on Facebook marketplace, you still pay the 8% but you don't pay the booking fee.

Speaker 2  22:05
We're about to have a transparent insurance, like in short term rent. So I'd say being rate insurance usually

Speaker 1  22:10
have, like landlord insurance is 3000 split. They are coming out with that. That's actually one of the biggest things that's going to change. But currently you're just getting, like a regular landlord policy through a regular insurance company. It's a little bit more costly, but it's kind of like the short term rental thing, I bet, yeah, owner pays it. So I have all that here. So this is on these are things that are factoring for land value and appreciation. That's because I have cap rate calculations and appreciation calculations. We'll get to. This is 8% monthly fee on pad split. This is 7% monthly fee for a property manager. So a third party person who actually takes care of, you know, X goes out to the house. Most of these places, I have several houses I've never even seen. They're in Florida. This is my monthly income projection. So in this case, this all auto fills based on one private bath, which I said it's actually two, so this is slightly higher. These are all the ones based on, you know, the 860, per room. And the way that I do that is I pulled the zip code for this. I had to go manual this, but I put the zip code I'm in, and then I have what's my weekly, what's my private for shared or private, and that's how that gets completed. This is just my capex chart that automatically calculates based on I cost me $3,000 to add each room on top of what was currently there $12,000 per bathroom. I put in a percentage based on additional rehab. This is the one I kind of play with. And then I do a 10% buffer, and that's how I got the 107 improvements. So you asked about monthly expenses. I got water, sewer, electricity runs at $35 times the number of rooms. Internet is pretty flat, cleaning is pretty flat. And then I budget about $450 for Kat and miscellaneous. I never buy an HOA. Don't ever buy an HOA, because the only thing that's going to really throw you off here is when your neighbors are bitching about the number of cars that are parked. So when I really look at houses, the first vetting thing is, where's parking. I really like to park in the backyard or like, a corner lot. I'll go

Speaker 2  24:14
ask questions. Yeah, sometimes, because I'm here somewhere, there's usually, like, occupies to parking ratio, yeah?

Speaker 1  24:24
Because, so I'm building, so these are single family homes, right? So I don't have like, city requirements where they're like, oh, it's one per unit, because, technically, it's only one unit, right? It's only one house

Speaker 2  24:34
is CDC or, you know, be able to island the port side they see like, toy cars. They pop, yeah?

Speaker 1  24:40
It depends on the area. Yeah, it probably, I would say, depends on the area right, as far as, like, how Stickler your neighbors and me, but realistically, they're not breaking any laws, as long as you're not. HOA that has specific parking rules. Public streets are public streets, right? Whatever the street is just loaded off, not, yeah, yeah. The other thing, the other thing that. People think is like, if you assume, Oh my God, there's 11 rooms, there's gonna be 11 cars. The reality is is not everyone's home at the same time, and not everyone owns a car. So like, I generally now will look at and be like, if, if I try to plan for eight parking spots with 11 rooms, so roughly 80% in, like, my house is in Tampa, it's like 50% like most people, a lot of people don't have a car. So I also kind of pay attention to, like distance to public transport, for, like, busses, whatever, for for these guys, you know, this person who just moved into bed the latest bedroom, three. She moved she was in 20 minutes me posting the house, she applied, she moved in the next day. She doesn't have a car. She showed up with an Uber, and then she just basically rolls in with a suitcase, and then she'll probably be there. You know, six to nine months on average. Kat is a hiring bucks a month or few. So we run a system where we call Swat. So every week there's a rotating so, like, each person has a week. So every 10 weeks, basically it's, like, your job to, like, clean the common area. So really, when I have a cleaner coming, she's not cleaning any of the 10 rooms. She's clean like, kitchen and the two, three bathrooms, right? And she's, we ever fill out a form she submits, she basically tells us that there any issues, things like that, but she's not cleaning anybody's room. So she's cleaning a much smaller portion of the house. They clean their own rooms. And then there's a rotation, kind of, like, as a community. We all live together. It's like, hey, we can't like, and they kind of self police. They're like, and so I've also switched to where, if there was all evidence living in room, each one of us has our own color coordinated dishes. So like, every single person is like, I know if there's yellow ones in the sink and somebody's like, somebody like lamp, we already know based on the thing right there that says that's room one. Sam, pick up your shit. Sorry to pick on yourself. Yeah, yeah. Two approaches, yes. So one fridge for every six people is what I go with. So this has all of your breakdowns, you know, my management fees, my vacancies, and you're totally monthly, and then that crossed is how I get this chart. So I have this auto set up to where anything under 40,000 room, like all in so, like your total total spend for everything, if you're under 40,000 room to steal under 50 is, and this is also kind of a little bit market dependent. Anything under 50 is pretty good if you have a bunch more private bathrooms, anything under 60 is probably pretty good, but, like, that's kind of the range. The cheapest I've ever built one was like 36,000 and the most I spent was 53 and kind of across the board. But all of these, this is a 20% cash on cash, 20.7 based on all the numbers, using vacancy of 12% which is higher than I'm actually getting, and I'm getting better rental rates on some of the rooms. So that I'm always looking for over 20. Sorry, I'm always looking for over 15. Over 20 is green for me. Anything 15 to 20 is considered yellow. And then my cash flow is 3200, a month on this house. I have some houses cash flowing 6000 a month.

Speaker 2  28:01
Sam, I knew the name from also, like, turning to guests, who was a tech track,

Speaker 1  28:06
yep. So if somebody leaves, the biggest thing is, because they're all furnished like, the worst we have is, like, there's extra trash, so like, the cleaners there every two weeks. So, like, usually, if, like, if you're moving out, whether you decide move out or we, you know, giving notes to vacate for some reason, which all of our notes to vacates typically are because people fall behind on payments. It's like this demographic, just as like you look at their their their bank statements, we get they're making $3,000 a month, and they have less than $100 in their bank account total at the end of month, every month. That's just the majority of this demographic. I've had $120,000 your engineers are like, I'm coming to the city for six months. And like, that's pretty rare. So the cleaners come in every two weeks. We'd be like, hey, room three is being, you know, is it moved. So when she comes in, she would just also clean that room. And it's like an extra 20 bucks to add that room on to the main house, cleaning Courtney of a house. My vas, would my VAs do that? Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's like, you're really vetting that. You're vetting that throughout, like, your process, right? Being on pad split, they have a pretty robust thing, so it's kind of cool. I don't have like, a profile, but I could show you one later on. Like, if somebody is on pad split, they'll be like, gonna be like, hey, they lived in three other houses. I can see, like, a ratings from other people live with them. I can see ratings from the host for the houses that they've lived in. So you can kind of see a lot of that. And then they've already been, like, vetted through their background check. But like, you have, you have some issues, right? I mean, with anything the type of cash flow you're getting is it's more than nothing, but it's not near the things that you can think of. I mean, I got 40 tenants right now and like then, the number of people that we've had issues with, I can count them on one hand, and most of those were cash flow, like, cash related, as far as like, them getting behind. Yeah. And then I ran like this depreciation. This is all within my sheet. I'm going to share. You know, what's your cost seg, if you assume 30% that's after taking out land fees, that's year one ant cost seg, annual or your annual depreciation, if you just did a standard, these are kind of your cap rates based on your NOI and like, what this property looks like. So get a 10 cap Sam, I'll sell you this house right now for 625, at a 10 cap, because you mentioned it, and I have about 400 and you know, 20 ish or in total. So did you say this sold it? No, he mentioned he was looking for 10 caps. I said, here's this house of the 10 cap at 624, I'll give you a discount of 600 but, yeah, so that's my underwriting sheet before I move on you. Danny, parking. Do we designate parking? I usually have like, overhead showing, like, where cars are, right? But I don't say, like, this is your slide. This is your sloth. When we don't we don't we. We haven't had a need to

Unknown Speaker  31:00
do it all. Man,

Speaker 1  31:03
no. So when I started this, I had the idea like, oh, I want to have, like, a house for nurses. And I know at this point hundreds of other people. I'm in another I'm in a mastermind of other people that are kind of doing this. Nobody's really most people are looking at it like, Oh, I'm gonna buy one or two houses and replace my you know, 60 to $100,000 year come your income, that's most of the investors I know. I'm Kat, the only one balls to wall that's gets 250 rooms. But so most people are like, oh, I want to build a house for nurses. I want to build a house for like, battered women. The reality is, there's just not enough demographics of people in a concentrated area. And there's no like, yeah, there's not, there's not a wait list. Like, some people like, Oh, I'm going to build homes for like, a wait list. The reality is, this demographic is a person who's like, Oh, I'm running out of money. My lease is up tomorrow. I need to move and they want, they apply for me. They want to move in tomorrow, two or in two days. There's no, there's, isn't a demographics planning. Most of us look at this and like, oh, well, we could sell these people other things, like, how do I raise their average spend? Like, we could offer them meals, or we could offer them laundry. No, this, this demographic that is not things that you're ever going to sell them because, like, all they care about is, like, I need a place to sleep because I'm going to be sleeping in my car. And, yeah, that's, that's just I tried all that. That's the more in mobile home Democrat, it's similar in mobile home demographic, yeah, but more probably, like these people, actually, most of them have jobs, right? In fact, they have to have some source of income, or we don't, don't really let them in. Any other questions here.

Speaker 2  32:34
Where are you seeing them sell for for acknowledgement market? What do you mean? Our investors are shipping that. I'm just running this

Speaker 1  32:44
as, like a charge. So you can kind of understand, currently, today, in this type of in thing, you can't go like, you'd have to be paying for a lot of cash to do that because of the same thing at a comp issue, right? So, like, there's many other investors I could sell these to.

Speaker 2  33:00
What is the software to investors, like, realistic bit.

Speaker 1  33:05
I mean, it would depend on what somebody's looking for. Like, if somebody was like, Hey, I bought, if somebody comes and says, I'll buy 10 cap rates all day and be like, Okay, well, I'll sell it to you for this or somewhere, you know, better than that. But I'm not looking to sell them. I do know people who have sold them, and it kind of comes down to you almost peg each room as, like, a price, right? Like 50k 50k is not a bad price for, like, an all in turnkey room that's renting for, you know, $10,000 a year, okay, 52 right?

Speaker 2  33:37
But that way it's like, Why do I stop? Well, so it's them, sub manners commercial I saw, I sent garland, uh, white figured it. And Jackson and over, like, a million dollars. We've been here the same rentals and that he and actually, it's on it, yeah, I think I mean any more per room. So we just got the one in Eureka, $20,000

Unknown Speaker  34:01
right? Because there is there

Speaker 2  34:03
demand for lit barrier. Is there everybody can't own words of talent, driven action, place, the wave. So, I mean,

Speaker 1  34:10
so it's a different it's it could work. But if you think about it, like the whole premise of this bad squad, if I go back to here and like, show you a floor plan, okay, I still have like, this big common area, right? Like, if you go do your type of building, you're not really going to easily, unless you tear out some of the units, be able to have, like, these living rooms, right? And then you get point, like, even if you did, you'd have to break it up. And, like, you couldn't have 60 people. That's too many people. So now, actually what I'm doing, if I look at the ones that I'm currently building, is I'm trying to buy houses that I can actually quasi make into, like a double, a duplex or a triplex, even though it's not so I currently have a 14 614, bedroom, six bath under construction that's actually operates as a three, one, A, six, two, A, six, three and a five, two, you. So none of those, like the max people, that actually live together and share a kitchen living room is only six, but I still get the, you know, the same value. Have you tried building? No. So areas that I want to get into would be building from scratch. I know somebody who's built like a 16, an eight, eight on top of eight, so 16 bedrooms. Also, I think, really like carrying the notes on these, because while this is an amazing from numbers standpoint, banks don't fucking get it. And there's like, issues with trying to refi them overall. But like, usually we buy them like this, and I buy them in a normal loan product, and then I just changes, and we don't tell the bank, but like, if I go to sell it, currently, it's hard to comp this, but I think over time and when more of these, and I want to have a strategy conversation with Sam about, how do we if I went and basically sold three of mine, and June bought one in Dallas, and Sam bought one, and Eugene bought one, and they All bought them at $50,000 room. I almost created comps for the next person. The next time the appraiser needs to go and say, like, oh well, because they don't know how an 11 bedroom sells in a city that doesn't have anything over five or six they're just like, I don't know it's due. But if you could comp it and say, like, oh, it's, it's $50,000 room, that's how it

Unknown Speaker  36:17
works. Roll them up until fine, and then race, yeah.

Speaker 1  36:21
Portfolio I have that's actually one of the things I'm working on, some conversations with some bankers for like, when I roll all them together as a portfolio, because, if you the hack is to take them and actually get them valued at the cap rate

Speaker 2  36:34
on the on the back thing, I have a friend in the sponsor, and if that's a fan, that's mainly getting refined them out based on the NY. So might be a better

Speaker 1  36:44
on residential, on residential. I need that contact to me. Yeah. Okay, so it's only

Unknown Speaker  36:52
Wisconsin Kat, yeah.

Speaker 1  36:56
So the way it works is all the payments are processed through pad split right now, so every week, and so generally, work is when they go to apply, they say, I get paid on Friday, right? And so it'd be like, great, you get paid on Friday, and they get approved for a certain amount. Like my most recent person, they work. She's 61 years old. She just applied last night to that house. She works at Spring Creek barbecue, local barbecue joint Texas. It currently says she's approved to spend $500 a week, and the room she's applying for is like 253 is a private bedroom, the private bath. So she would pay $100 move in fee, and then she'd pay her first week, and we'll let her move in. And then on Friday, it'll say, Hey, you owe your next week. So it's like that, 250 $3 it'll let her be one week late. And if you break 300 bucks, you get automatically. She gets email says your membership is terminated in 48 hours. If you don't pay, she gets hit with a $25 late fee. Some of these people are making an extra $200 a month because they're always late, but they still pay. So that also happens. So it's you could do. Yes, I haven't had to do that, but I have friends. I have a friend in Houston, he's got 300 will. Yeah, I have a friend of Houston. He's got 340 rooms. He's had to do this like three times. But you just go through the normal eviction process, you know? But I also threat. I kind of also just be like, hey, like, if you don't pay your door locks, gonna stop working on your room. It's kind of a bluff. But, oh my god, the people freak out. So, like, everybody's on a smart lock system. There's also, like, the social presser, where you literally be like, hey guys in all announced to the house. We have WhatsApp community chats. I'll announce the house. Like, unfortunately, Sam's no longer, you know, a paid member of this community. And, yeah, Sam's no longer paid mirrors community, you know, yes, basically, he's not in. Please don't let it. Please don't let it if you see him, you know, please don't let him in. But like me, putting that out there just creates so much social pressure that sometimes Sam will just be like, I'm leaving. Because, like everybody now, my friend that, I mean, it works. It works.

Speaker 2  38:57
I said that might be probably your new link. You look you have the permits for so many room what we what seed is that one? Why is that? Why you have white and the other, you'll be

Speaker 1  39:09
so that one is also in Dallas. I only am getting permits because I got, basically a neighbor reported me, and I got caught with, you know, not doing permits. And so I then I had to. So it basically just adds, like, two months to the process, and like, four or five grand in our case. So that's the only reason I'm doing permits is because I got caught,

Unknown Speaker  39:29
um, upon this fault. Why you white fight?

Speaker 1  39:32
Yeah, yeah. Permits for modify and so, like, typically,

Speaker 2  39:35
would you update? Like, breaker, you update, you pretty much

Speaker 1  39:43
have, I had to, yeah, we'll replace electrical panels. And I've replaced all the wiring in the house too. You get electrical panels without perks. What do you mean? How do you get them? Like they go to fucking home, they go to Home Depot, and they buy they put them in,

Speaker 2  39:56
okay, but you have a master breaker, so like the. Is a there's a beater. Yeah, you'll go, I mean, make sure the meter is enough to cover the elder cover, because they need,

Speaker 1  40:07
Oh, well. I mean, from a meter standpoint, the electric panels, the meters are always capable of handling like 200 amps, which in my house, well, you have like, a million amps in your house. Your house is a $3 million house. Like, that's different this. I'm buying three my most recent house, yeah, 50 girls, my most recent 14 bedroom house. I've just bought it for 190 cash. I'm spending 160 remodel, and I'll have 14 rooms. It's gonna make $6,000 a month after all expenses, and I'll refi 100% my money out of it. So this is the invoice authorization. This is kind of building upon what June talked about with his seller concessions. And this is just kind of a bonus ad thing I've done this on every house I bought. You essentially negotiate a normal deal, right? Relying on what your person price is. Get it under contract, then you do not send it to your contract to a lender. You hold on to it generally you want, like, a 10 day period for inspections. You get your inspections. You have your contractor write up and you say, hey, based on my inspections, there's $50,000 worth of work necessary. Have your contractor automatically add whatever it's going to cost you to build my rooms, whatever else additional. And then once you have that down, you're going to submit, once you have that, you go to the seller. I'm like, hey, you need all this stuff. Your house is kind of messed up more than you knew. It costs this much money to repair. You get them to agree to it. Sometimes I'm flexible, like, okay, instead of the 60k I'm asking you for. I'll take 58 and you actually get $2,000 more than you thought you were gonna get at the beginning. Once you get that, then you send it over to your lender with it. You basically write a new contract, and you'll increase the price. So same thing that you're saying June from 500 to 530 you could go 500 to 600 re sign a new contract, then you send it to your lender, and they sign an invoice, basically saying that the seller is going to pay the contractor at closing. And that's why there's no it's not a concession to you, it's a concession to basically the contractor. And that's why there's no, like three six or 9% limit. So title cuts of checks. So title, actually, I've done it before where I've gotten like, 60,000 and title cut me four checks at 15k made out to my contractor, but they handed them to me, and so then I just handed them to the contractor. What am I working on? So after coming five years in Airbnb and seeing all the software tools that are out there for that getting into pad split, there are zero tools today for PAD split, so I'm launching pad pulse.io, which is platform that may help host make better purchases. Says, hose this. We're not hosing more rooms. I think it's building more rooms with less work, but and then filling those rooms effortlessly. So think air DNA meets hospitable meets roof stock. So a way to kind of all encompassing, as I mentioned, I get 1031 exchange some of your money into a tick and sell you individual rooms in a house. But yeah, quick takeaways, financial performance. You can turn a 20 all month rental into over 80 100 month your NOI is significantly higher, better cap, rate compression, forced appreciation, even with some vacancies are still making a lot of money. High interest rates don't kill your deals. Cash flows, even at 8% eventually will refi for lower make even more money. Average member stays eight to 12 months. There's no tightly nightly turnovers, no quick cleaning resets. Usually we have about four days between flips. You don't have any short term rental hassles. We did talk about kind of the issue with occupancy and sometimes how that comes up, but it's hasn't been an issue most of my places. I'm just ignoring that rule, and at the end of the day, there are several cases, if you look this up, where cities have kind of come after people for CO living, and this and the the pad split one, so part of being on pad split is they'll back you with their entire legal team and fight the city. And there's several landmark cases, and one across the country in favor of the even though there's occupancy limit. Demand is rising. Oh, I missed you know, you can have interior cameras. You can get in the property as much as you want. Better condition, more accountability, all positives. Now there's more singles than ever. We all know where the economy is headed, especially in this lower demographic. So this is a good thing overall. Pad split helps build demand distribution for filling your rooms and the pad pulse.io is emerging tool to automate and scale your co living investments. If you scan this, you can get my analyzer sheet that I looked at and shared. I am going to claim you as a referral for PAD split. So if you ever join pad split, they'll pay me a referral fee, but a. You can grab that, and it's pretty easy going punch through your stuff. Is the user

Unknown Speaker  45:04
email to sell you don't work.

Unknown Speaker  45:10
What you done? Okay, you guys broke it.

Unknown Speaker  45:15
I just dropped the

Speaker 1  45:16
asset. Yeah, I'll drop it in the chat. This is my information. That's my direct phone number and email. This should work unless, unless Eugene sabotaged it as well. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai