Speaker 1  00:00
Sal, how's it going?

Speaker 2  00:05
My name's Sal, big. I live in Dallas, Texas. I just want to talk to you guys how I was able to increase my single family portfolio growth by 40% a little bit about me, born and raised in Dallas, Fort Worth. I have one brand since 2016 on Amazon. Still have it. I've parked cash in real estate right now. It's trying to figure out, you know, what my next step is for employees, you know, right now. And so for me, I actually invested in four single family homes built near two mosques, one in Valley Ranch up here, one in South Irving. Total investor, a little over 3.1 and the current dollars, like, you know, a little over 4.5 so, you know, this is actually in Valley Ranch. So it has some, you know, higher income and people it, you know, actually, you know, a in a much nicer area than South Irving is, it's kind of like a lower income area, you know. So you'll see that the growth in value range has been a lot higher than the one in South Irving. So I guess people naturally want to be close to a place of worship, whether it's the mosque, union, synagogue, in a church or temple based on convenience, peace of mind sets of community. So I was able to capitalize on two areas that are up and coming and growing, and we saw some pretty good growth in those two areas. So the first area is Valley Ranch. We've got a mosque right here. And we actually built two homes with grand homes that, you know, they're pretty close to it invested a little over one. The current value is two, and a software good growth for that also, um, regardless of cash, yeah, uh,

Speaker 3  01:50
actually bought on cash. I'm saying, Yeah, renting them out, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  01:56
So I actually sold my my rental property, which is this right here. I sold it last year, and then my parents live in the other one too right now. So I bought it and kind of for them to stay, like, long term. Also, this was a good moss. I'm sorry, do you work with the most out kind of suitable buyer? No, but like, people want to, like, move there, and, like, you know, so it's really high demand, and that's kind of like meaning to cause the price to go up quite a bit based on supply and demand. Yeah, especially after covid, especially too. So this is a house we built in 2025, bedroom, four bath. Bought it for 575. Rented it out for a couple years, for like three, four years, and sold it last year for 1.05 we could have sold it in 2022, 2021 for like maybe 1.2 is really at its peak then. But what happened was we actually had, we actually had a tenant, and then also my wife didn't want to sell it because she felt bad. So we kind of held on to longer than I wanted to. But it is where we sold it last year, and then I invested 1 million of that sale into a single family rental property fund that I'll go over later on. This one saw pretty good growth, 80% and then this right here, another house we vested in. Oh, oops. This is a house that I built for my parents to live in, five four bedroom, three bath, built in 2020 by Grand homes, not the best quality home, you know, just a track home, pretty much, but wanting to find a way to huh? Oh, thanks. Appreciate it. Yeah, we knew we actually had some stone upgrades to the front, and also had some some upgrades inside too. So that's really worth little, you know, less than a million dollars. And for a house this side is definitely pretty inflated, but you know, so that's a pretty good area. Opportunity, for sure. The other area we actually invested in was, we actually live in this area, Irving and invested a little over two and 20 worth, like 2.5 not much growth here. It's more of a lower income area, so people, it's kind of like plateaued as far as the actual value goes for these homes. This is the house that we live in now, we actually built a custom home in, you know, custom built. You actually bought a lot step one. So, so here you actually have to buy the lots, and then you actually it's all like custom home built in this community. So I buy the lot for 175 and it's a four bedroom, five bath, and all in, the value is 900k and hopefully you should sell it for 1.2 soon, you know. So actually, we actually can move it like into a house next door. This is actually almost done. We actually wanted bigger house with more bedrooms, you know, for kids and everything like that, too. So this is actually what we built next door, custom home built. And, you know, the current, no, we actually need to find our own builder, actually, you know, designer ourselves, everything like that. So they built it for us. We actually used to brothers and grand home. Homes as like, like, a good example, yeah, it is a big, grand home community in Frisco, Texas that's really upscale, so we kind of use like, one of their floor plans and their like elevations. Wanted that similar vibe. Oh, really. Oh, no way. Oh, cool, super cool. Oh, really. Oh, wow. I take the bill this one, when both of them built, like this one take about a year and a half, and same for the other one too. It took a little longer. We had a lot of changes to also with it, but it shouldn't be built maximum one year, if you're like, really fast and efficient with it, you know, even so. So, yeah, so, and everything is customized. So it's super detailed, super annoying to work with all the vendors, and just takes so much longer to actually build it. But yeah, like, honestly, I wish you know you could sell it for more, but I guess based on the like income of everyone around it, you can't really sell it for more than that. I think it's how it's probably good for $2 million in like Frisco or Plano right here, based on location, probably go for 1.2 max. So when I move here and probably like, for like, probably in like, you know, probably like, probably, you know, like, this year for sure, so we've not seen much growth in value in these two homes in South Irving. So I used the value ranch house sale from my first house I invested in the single family rental investment management firm that my friend runs. Um, think she has like, over, like, over, like, 50 million worth worth of investments here. So he actually buys distressed properties until I rent out, and then we'll actually renovate them for and then have tenants there for like a year or two, and then sell it out. And like, mass, mass scale, historically, you seen about like 10% growth year over year. It's a compounded rate. And hopefully within next five years, I'll be at $1.6 million you know. So right now I'm in trying in, trying to figure out, like, you know, how to handle my, my cash, my also my real estate investments. So right now, either invest in, you know, the same fund, trying to figure out, you know, what you guys are doing also, so I'm not sure you know what my next plan is. So that's pretty much it.

Unknown Speaker  07:17
You There you go. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai