Speaker 1  00:05
All right, so just real quick. MDS member since 2017 I think I was one of the starting founding members. I sold my Amazon business in 2021 for high seven figures, took some time off, got into real estate. I had zero real estate experience whatsoever, so I figured, why not do mobile homes instead of single family? So if I mess up, I lose 20 grand instead of 200 turned that into like a pretty high volume business. I've done 25 mobile homes in the last couple years, no money out of pocket. So we're talking about this earlier with whole life insurance. That's primarily that in some private investors, but that's how I fund the deals. My background, I my first business was marketing agency. Then I had my Amazon e commerce business, high volume fix and flip. And now I'm kind of shifting primarily into into note investing. What makes me so cool? I'm a former digital nomad, so I've been to 55 plus countries, all seven continents, including Antarctica. Most of that was while I was building my Amazon company. And right now, I'm settling down with my first baby on the way in November, and we just we bought a 14 acre property. We're just nesting, and I can't be any happier to like not be traveling right now, I'm just in a different phase of life altogether, and it's great. So to start things off, according to the SEC, there's no such thing as a safe investment when it comes to notes, I like to think of them as a secure investment, because we're able to build in what's called the cushion factor. Again, I'm not providing tax, legal, financial, any kind of advice whatsoever. Don't watch a YouTube video and Yolo your way into anything purely educational. This is an investing presentation. So a couple questions ask yourself, are, what are your current investments? How are you allocating your investments? So length of your longest investment, and what returns are you receiving on your investments? You know, notes are just another pillar and a well diversified portfolio for fixed income. So what is note investing? The easiest way is to just say it's your goal is to become the bank in the transaction. So, so what is a note? Again, in top left, we've got the dollar right, which I believe at one point in time, was backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government. Not sure if that's still true today, but that's a note with a personal check, right? It's a promissory note between two banks. You got the auto loan when you buy a car you saw you buy the car, you sign that, probably a five year note, and then the mortgage note, which is what everybody's familiar with, the basic components of a note, right? You've got your principal, that's how much money you owe. You've got the interest rate, your monthly payment amount, and then the amortization term. Everybody pretty much gets principal, interest and monthly payments for the purposes of this amortization is just how long it's gonna take you to pay off that note. It's a 30 year note. It's gonna be 360 months. We all really deal with balloons and things like that that often. All right, so how does a normal house transaction happen? So the seller signs over the deed of the home to the buyer. The buyer signs a mortgage note with the bank, and then the bank puts the house in chains. Right? What the bank is saying is, if at any point you stop paying on this note, we're going to take all the money that you've paid so far, we're going to put in our pocket, and we're also going to take the house. But you actually don't need a bank to do that transaction. When we remove the bank, this is where seller financing comes in. It makes sense, because the seller is already very familiar with that collateral, right? It was their house to begin with. If they ever needed to take it back, they're very familiar with it. This is a picture of the stock market, and I'm not here to bash stocks. It's just that the stock market goes up and down, and depending on when you want, when you want to retire, you need to start shifting your investments into some more stable and consistent types of investments. So this is a chart here about seller financing usage in the US. And if you're like me, like when I got into note invest, I figured everybody just uses a normal bank when they transact with a house. But that's not true. So in 2024 there were about 90,000 seller finance notes that that happened to about $30 billion so traditional bank financing is obviously the most common, but there's $30 billion 90,000 notes a year coming on the market. So there is an actual market here. These are the top states for seller carry back. There are certain advantages and disadvantages to certain states. Texas, for instance, is a non judicial state, which means it's very easy, quick to foreclose. It's cheap. New York, California, you know, I wouldn't tell. States with a 10 foot pole, there's 90,000 loans, $30 billion coming into the market every year. Why ever deal with New York and California? Right? Owner? Finance by property type, so you don't just have to sell or finance single family homes. You could do commercial you could do land. You can do mobile homes. I do mobile homes. When it comes to note investing, I, you know, my style is, I prefer single family homes. I could probably squeeze out a couple extra points in yield on commercial or land deals, things like that. But the way I look at it is like, if I if it does go south, you know, how long is it going to take me to, you know, sell that land or sell that commercial building. Because all I really want to do is just get my money back and then go redeploy into another note, so you could probably squeeze out a little bit more. But I just, you know, I prefer residential, get a nice home in a good neighborhood that you just hire a realtor and sell it, get your money back, redeploy again. How does it apply to you? Depending on when you want to retire, stocks go up and down. What note investing does is it provides steady and consistent, predictable returns. So if you had $100,000 loan at 7% interest over a 20 year term, you know that you're gonna get $775 a month, every single month, right? So it's steady, it's consistent, it's predictable. At the end of the term. If it goes to the full term, you're gonna have $186,071 at the end. It's just math. So what this chart doesn't show is the idea of compounding returns or the velocity of money, right? So if every year you took that, you know, you took that $100,000 you invested in a 20 year note for 7% we decided we're going to end in year 20. So just hypothetically, right the year two you do, you take all that cash flow, you do another 7% advertised loan, and each year you do one last year, right till the end, you're going to end up with a total ROI of 253% annualized return of 12.65 and a cash balance of about $353,000 at the end of the day. It's just math. Just math. It's just math steady. It's predictable and consistent. So how does note investing differ? Again, you get paid once a month, so your payment every month includes both principal and interest. So for example, if you had $100,000 in a dividend paying stock that's paying 7% you would get $7,000 a year versus the note, since you're getting your principal back, it's paying you your investment back. At the same time, that same $100,000 in the note, the one we were talking about, is going to pay you about $9,500 a year. So that turns into about roughly like 30% more cash flow that you can take advantage of with compounding velocity of returns and reinvesting that money the second bullet there again, you don't have to check every day. You could be out, hanging out with your family, investing, running your business, whatever. It doesn't matter you know exactly what your money's doing. It's not volatile, like the stock's going up and down, your return is fixed. Where do you start? As a note investor? Again, you could be an active investor or you could be a passive investor. Active investors are always going to get a higher return compared to a passive investor. But no matter how you want to do it, it's important to know, like and trust the people or the brokers, whoever you're dealing with. One of the things we do is we send out a weekly newsletter to educate people, because, as with any asset class, right, the more educated you are, the better investing decisions you're going to make. So if you want sign up. That's my company, medium rare capital. This is a video comparing notes to rental properties. It's my voice and it's not my hand. So if you want to click it, it's like three minutes long.

Speaker 2  08:55
In this video, I want to take a note to put it up against the rental property so we can see the differences between the two, which one puts more money in your pocket each month, which one has less risk? First thing we need to highlight is the fact that notes are the financial or paper side of the real estate business. Fiscal house is going to be our collateral that we can take back if something should happen in a worst case scenario and the note is not paid. Keep in mind, however, that thanks to the flexibility of note investing, often these worst case scenarios actually turn out to be profitable because we purchase the note discount when we're comparing investments. We want to keep our analysis fair on both sides to get the most accurate comparison between the two. First thing you'll want to notice is the market value is 120,000 for both the note and the rental property. Notes have a big advantage over rentals because they come without the headaches of toilets tenants or turnover. There's a responsibility of the homeowner when there's an issue like a broken sewer line, for example, the note holder doesn't get billed for anything because they are the bank the home. Owner must pay for repairs, which dips into their profit, not to mention the hassle of renovating and finding new tenants and the previous ones move out in the middle of the night. Now let's compare the income streams to see which asset actually keeps the most money in your pocket. To keep the comparison as close to factual as possible, we're going to have both assets bring in than $1,000 a month rental property as a property management company that averages about 10% of monthly income, so that's $100 a month taken out. Now you'll want to have your note serviced by a professional third party, which typically costs at most $50 a month. Let's look a little further and see what other expenses need to chunk out of the monthly payment of these assets. Now, a good rental investor will allow for about 5% vacancies, or in this case, $50 a month. You'll also need to include property taxes at least another 100 and insurance will be needed with an okay policy at around $50 a month, there's also a maintenance reserve, around $100 a month that you should be setting aside for fixes that will inevitably occur. Now, typically, a seasoned investor will hold 10 to 20% of their monthly rent towards maintenance, but let's stay conservative at 10. So once you add all of those conservative expenses together, the total profit on the rental side is only going to be about $600 a month at best. But our note is staying strong, and it avoids most of these expenses, because all the expenses we just mentioned are the responsibility of the homeowner. So the note holder gets to keep their 950 a month in profit, and that's over 50% more profit per month when compared to the rental, not to mention the absence of all the headaches that come along with being a landlord. Notes just don't have the big expenses that rentals do at the end of the day. Remember that we're the bank. People don't call the bank when something goes wrong. Also, the biggest secrets to building true wealth is that it's not about how much money you make, it's about how much money you keep. We hope you enjoyed this short video, and we'll see you next time. Thanks for watching.

Speaker 1  12:07
Well, we'll get that, because any, anytime you add leverage, you're gonna change things. But you can do you can use leverage as well with a note,

Unknown Speaker  12:17
28 to make 1000 Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:20
$1,000 yeah. Well, it'll make more sense at the end here. So this is data from bigger pockets comparing 19 cities around around the US, their

Unknown Speaker  12:32
figure work where we've done so now,

Speaker 1  12:36
yeah, so I blocked out Philadelphia because that's my local Metro, but it's basically the same story in all all these, all these cities

Unknown Speaker  12:46
that's modeling. I'm sorry.

Speaker 1  12:49
No, I I have a when I to do is, but when I create notes as like, that's a separate business. I primarily do mobile homes when I invest in notes, which is a separate business, and that's what I'm talking about, is note investing here, I do not do mobile homes. I only do single family residential when I invest. I We could talk about that later.

Speaker 3  13:12
Why? But om really investable, paid in markets to you have any exciting fighters?

Speaker 1  13:25
Yeah, absolutely, yeah. I actually just had a note that got sold. I believe I got paid for it yesterday, and that's at the very

Speaker 3  13:33
end of this, close items, these problems.

Speaker 1  13:37
Well, yeah, we'll get to that stuff. So, yeah, it's all good because he knows where to drive soccer station. Yeah, yeah. What's up?

Speaker 3  13:49
My world already lost. Things can just be fight about for spiders, yeah? Okay.

Speaker 1  13:58
Well, every note, every note, every note is going to be different. So when you buy a note like you during the due diligence process, you go through that title and due diligence at all, and you read the note. So the notes that I buy are from seasoned real estate guys. They're not necessarily coming from banks, but we paper up with like Fannie Freddie style documents that they're very tradable in the marketplace, that, you know, inability to refinance or sell your house after five years or before five years, the prepayment belts for a claim to say, okay, but if you're going to sell your home in in two years, because you're you got fired from your job, or you got a new job in Texas, you got to fly across the country. Like, that's a pretty aggressive that's kind of like some some cowboy shit, where that's, if you're going to buy that note on the marketplace, like you're going to do a serious discount on that, because it's not a very tradable note, so you got to use standard clauses. But yeah, that, I guess that could occur. It's just that's not typically. I. I wouldn't buy that note unless I wanted to hold it myself, right, if I was going to hold it and not not resell it, or something like that. So based on that bigger pockets data, the Philadelphia rental house, so the home price, the median home price, was $343,000 it generated 1800 bucks a month in rent, if you had the kind of standard 50% expense ratio for single family rentals that comes out to a net cash flow of $900 a month. Another way to look at that is that investor generated a 3% cap rate on their money, which is terrible, right? And most likely what happened here is that investor bought the house a couple of years ago, and maybe that house was about $200,000 so when it comes to single family rentals, there's like the 1% rule, right? A $200,000 house should generate about $2,000 a month in rent. And so, you know, $1,800 in Philly, okay, it was pretty close to the 1% rule. But since covid, right, we've had money printing, inflation, all this kind of stuff. Asset prices have gone through the roof, and expenses have also risen. Everybody's seen that rent prices have not risen proportionally. They have risen but they haven't risen proportionally to the asset prices and the expenses. So that's why this this investor now is sitting at a 3% cap rate, and their money is not actually being used as efficiently as it was before. So compare that to if you sold that same property on a on a note, right? Same, same price, three or $43,000, on a 30 year note at 9% interest. That's a non QM mortgage rate. Okay? It's very typical in the note business to sell at about 9% interest. You'd be receiving p and i is 2290 a month. You back out the $50 servicing fee, and when you sell that home on a note, you're getting 2240 per month. Okay, so that translates into about two and a half times the amount of cash flow that you would get by selling that home on a note as compared to holding it as a rental.

Unknown Speaker  17:00
If we offered a seller 0%

Speaker 1  17:03
there you go. So and if you ran, if you ran that same analysis on all 19 of those cities on the previous bigger pocket data, you're gonna get between one and a half to 3x the amount of cash flow when you sell a house on a note, you guys are all real estate people, right? So one of your first things you're gonna say is like, what about appreciation? Right? Because the rental house, you know, Sal is talking about all the damn appreciation he's getting in Texas, you'll get appreciation on the note, okay, but I can make a very solid mathematical argument that you're getting two and a half times the amount of cash flow today. And if you take advantage of compounding velocity of money that you're really getting your appreciation today, instead of having to wait, you have 30 years for that appreciation, because you can't, you can't eat equity, right? So let's go back. I mean, so this, so, like, if any of you guys have rental properties and you want to, like, send me the data, and we can go down the rabbit hole. The last like, couple slides were on note creation, which is, it actually is a different topic than note investing. So we're gonna go back to note investing. But if you want to, like, deep dive on actual note creation, selling properties on a note, let's talk about it, because the math is like, especially for cash flow, the maths really compelling. So you buy

Unknown Speaker  18:25
a home within you sell,

Speaker 1  18:27
yep, you're, you're financing it, yep, but

Unknown Speaker  18:31
you find specifically to sell it to somebody on your own, don't, but renting it out, yep.

Speaker 1  18:35
And there's, there's ways, when we get into partials, we could talk about how you recapitalize. Well, that's what we're gonna talk about with partials, right? Because you could sell like, for instance, say, I'm gonna say this, like, say, say, you bought a $200,000 property, put 200,000 down, 100 $180,000 note. Now you sell it at 30 years 9% often when you, when you sell or finance them, you can actually get a little bit higher get a little bit higher the price. But just say you did. You sold it at 20,000 or 200,000 again, immediately the next day, you take 20% down payment, right? So you take 40,000 now you're sure still minus 160 you can then sell, like years one to 20 of that note for $160,000 get all of your money back. And now from your 17 to 30, you've got back end payments on that. That would be one way to

Unknown Speaker  19:28
do it away. Or those 17 year

Speaker 1  19:31
you guys are all like, jumping ahead like crazy. But we'll get to it.

Speaker 3  19:34
Is that the two? So if you go back one page, like, I think you just answered it, but like, you have 9% that you're basically saying, like, because, like, your average right now up and with somebody buying their primary, that's, I mean, that's

Speaker 1  19:44
your buyer is six or seven. Yes, I just bought it seven, eight, like, that, different, yeah, you could do so. So again, if you've got a standard, you know, job, right, w2 income, like, Why? Why would you do seller financing, right? You would just go to the bank and you get the. Rate. Now, if you're an entrepreneur with variable income, and you try to go to the bank like you're gonna get rejected, and actually the like the mortgage credit availability index is going down, like it's getting tighter and tighter. So in the business, we call them penalty box buyers, a lot of entrepreneurs, you get a lot of people that are in the country on it. I ends so they're immigrants in the country. They're not they don't have a they're not citizens yet, but they're also not illegals, right? They can't get a standard bank loan. In my mobile home business, I get tons of Latin people that are in construction and just have, like, mattress money, and they show nothing on their income, on their taxes, but they have a shit ton of money in cash, right? They can't get approved by a bank, so they seek out seller financing, and as long as they fit the, you know, the underwriting metrics and stuff you can sell or finance to such people,

Unknown Speaker  20:54
they'll have the,

Unknown Speaker  20:56
there's the status to get

Speaker 1  20:58
proof. Sometimes it's people. It's people that don't fit the like, when you try to get a mortgage with a regular bank, they have a very strict underwriting criteria, and that's getting stricter. So again, it's not everybody. It's probably not you guys. Actually, I sold my I sold my company. My income wasn't high enough to just buy the home I bought. I had to use non traditional we use asset backed financing because I could buy the home in cash. I didn't want to buy my house in cash.

Speaker 3  21:26
At a high level, you're arbitraging the two notes that they'll be interested

Speaker 1  21:31
on this slide. We're not arbitraging anything here. This is just comparing a rental versus selling it, selling it on a note. The entire business does talk is about spreads and arbitrage. And we can get into that again when we talk about, like, active investors buy at a higher yield and then they sell at a lower yield to a passive investor, and you'll capture like, a two or 3% spread. That's, that's how the trading side of this business works. So what happens if they stop paying so on first lean performing mortgage notes. Okay, generally, you're talking about a less than 5% default rate. So it's, it's not common, but it's also not like impossible, like this. This stuff does happen. So typically, you've got two options. The first one is, did always you just try to restructure the loan. You can, you can move payments to the end of the loan. You can you can lower the monthly payment. It comes out to be a conversation between two people, right? I'm not a bank. I don't have to follow these very strict rules. I could just have a call him up and have a conversation. Now, maybe the guy got hit by a car, bless you. Maybe the guy got hit by a car and he lost his job for three months, but now he's back working. He's just trying to get through catching up on his bills. That's a lot different of a story than a deadbeat. That's, I know he's never going to pay, right? So that's restructuring. The second option is foreclosure. Again, certain states have certain advantages to other states. It doesn't have to be the scary, expensive, long, drawn out process, and if you purchase properly, with enough cushion, you make it a very secure investment. So what is the cushion factor? Okay, say we've got $120,000 home, and the buyer puts $20,000 down, and then they sell or finance the other 100,000 Okay, as an investor, this entire business is about the time value of money. So for that seller financing person, I could say, do you want $100,000 I could pay you $1,000 a month for the next 100 months, or based on a bunch of metrics, I could probably buy that note for about $84,000 right? Because they'd rather have $84,000 today to give up instead of, you know, $1,000 a month for 100 months. Okay, so in this scenario, if I buy that note for $84,000 we immediately have $36,000 of cushion. Okay, and the cushion is what's used. If we have to foreclose on the property, we have to hire, you know, a lawyer and sell it at the courthouse steps, a realtor, all that kind of crap. We've got $36,000 of cushion to recover. Okay? Now, most likely it could happen, but most likely somebody doesn't get underwritten through an rmlo and all this stuff, and they then put $20,000 down and then immediately default on day one, right? So let's just say their monthly payment was $1,000 a month. So, you know, we start out with $36,000 a cushion, then they pay their first monthly mortgage, right? $1,000 No, it's $37,000 a cushion, and the next month we have $38,000 of cushion. So what really happens, and this is with your own your own home, everything like that, anytime a borrower pays to the lender, they're shifting risk away from the lender and onto themselves. A lot of time, people say like, pay make a you know that that extra half payment or something like out on your mortgage. Lenders love that, because every time a borrower pays, they are shifting risk from from the lender to themselves. So every single month, your investments get sacred. Right now I'm about to stay safe more and more secure based on the metrics. So again, you could be an active investor or you could be a passive investor. If you want to be an active investor, you go out, you market, you source notes, you drum up deals, review collateral files, verify BPOS, do your due diligence, all that stuff. Then you fund it and you receive payments. Of course, it becomes passive after but you do, you do the legwork, right? Passive investors. They review the deal one time, they look at a couple of quarrel files, and then they fund it. They receive payments. Due Diligence. You guys know all this stuff. We don't need to go into due diligence. But the point is, like when you're buying a note, when you're looking at this, this kind of due diligence stuff, you just want to buy a good home in a good neighborhood that, like, if a deal goes south, you just want to be able to recover your money. You want to have enough cushion. You want to, you know, be able to hire somebody, boom, sell it, get your money back and redeploy this is another thing. I mean, you guys probably all know about this. Most people don't have 50 or $100,000 just sitting around. You guys, around. You guys might as you're some 70 figure business owners, but you could always self direct your retirement accounts. One of the beauties is like, you know, say you had $400,000 in a retirement account with a financial advisor, you don't need to self direct the entire thing. Maybe you take $100,000 of that you invested in a note, and then you leave the other 300 with financial advisor, and then every single month that notes paying you. And it's steady, it's consistent, it's predictable. Probably we're gonna want to buy more notes, or not. We didn't do whatever you wanted your retirement account. So that's that's kind of like the whole thing on notes here. Now we're gonna get into, like, the practicality. How do you actually do notes? I don't care if you've got $1,000,000.10 million or $100 billion you're gonna run out of cash eventually, right? You need? Yeah, you can only buy so many notes. Doesn't matter how big your bag is. So we're gonna start with partials. First, the best way to understand a partial is a pizza pie. Okay? Nowadays you can buy a pizza pie for about $20 a smart investor is going to go out, he's going to buy a full pizza pie for 20 bucks, and then he's going to sell four slices for $5 a piece, right? And now him and his family get to eat for free, right? That's exactly what happens with a partial. So in a partially you get a long term investor, they buy a full 30 year note, or 20 years, however, long, and then they go out and they sell the front end portion of payments to a short term investor. And the reason this is a win, win deal is because the front end of every mortgage note and advertise note is almost all interest, right? So, yeah, this is like, what? First time home buyers find out they get a $200,000 mortgage and they're paying on their house for five years, and then they log into their servicing account, they still owe like, 195,000 Right? Like it's all interest upfront to all front load it. So that's why you get this front end back end scenario. We're looking at $160,000 look at 160,000 hour note over 271 payments of $1,081 a month. Um, as a long term investor, you're just sitting there, you're collecting $1,000 a month, $1,000 a month, $1,000 a month. And you come across a doctor, right? And you're talking about stuff, and doctors like, oh, yeah, I'm making, you know, 3% on CDs for my retirement. They say, Okay, doctor, well, how about I give you 6% yield on your money, right? For $104,900 and doctor says, Great, right? So it's great for the doctor. It's a win, win for the doctor, because he's now doubling his return. He's getting above market return on his money, and it's great for the long term investor, because the long term investor takes that $104,900 and he goes down, he buys another note with it, right? And these guys have a relationship, because the long term investor still has $138,000 left on the back end of that note, right? He's got 128 months of the $1,000 a month is he wants to protect. So the way in in practicality, how this typically works out in the market is, if this note goes south, right, that long term investor is the one that's going to come in and step in and handle those foreclosure proceedings and that kind of stuff, because he's got a ton of money on the back end that he wants to protect that okay, we're gonna go back. So then the math on partials is amazing. But again, as Eugene said, when I'm investing in my business, I don't want to wait 143 months before I ever get paid again, right? But when I invest in my IRA, okay, partials are absolutely incredible, because I'm 35 years old. I'm not going to retire till 65 right? I've got 30 years. I can't touch that money anyways, so I don't know. Just say, say it was 45 I had 20 years left to go well, and I $100,000 I go out, I buy $100,000 note, and then I go and I sell 50. Year partial, or 20 year partial, okay? And then the next year, and I just do one deal a year, I can stagger those payments so that all of those payments start reverting back to me when I retire at 65 and if I did one deal a year for 20 years, I'm getting $20,000 a month in retirement passively, out of 100,000 hours that I just rotated around 20 times, once a year, one deal year. So partials are incredible strategy if you're buy or if you're buying and selling in a self directed retirement structure where you can't touch that money.

Unknown Speaker  30:31
Anyways, same $100,000

Speaker 1  30:35
I mean, when the reality, when you do it in an IRA, it's, yeah, I would do, buy it for 100,000 sell it for like 99 leave $1,000 in the deal. If you take all the money out, like every single time, they even trigger some rules, but you still have $1,000 invested in that. Like you can make, you can make a strong case for that. But you understand the concept that I'm trying to get at here. You know is it's pretty, pretty amazing. What you can do in a retirement account and jack it up with not a lot of money

Speaker 3  31:08
using this. You know, Sarah Eric, you're saying your partial is 105 so you're technically shortly could be but

Speaker 1  31:14
I mean this, this one for the example.

Speaker 3  31:16
Yeah, like, what happened? Can you get really upside down is, let's say you stole that partial and then the person refies,

Speaker 1  31:24
no if they if they refi or if they sell the house. So there's what happens is there's actually, there's the original note amortization schedule, there's the long term investor amortization schedule, and then there's a short term partial owner amortization schedule. So you've got multiple Amazon schedules, and you just follow it down. You say, Okay, they they sold in month three, right then or month or 30 or 70, whatever. This is what everybody's owed in that transaction. And again, think about earlier, when I talked about cushion, that $160,000 note. That's the unpaid balance of the note. But you always buy at a discount. So this long term investor, I don't have the actual numbers here, he might have bought at a $20,000 discount. So you might only have $140,000 in this deal. Okay, so if that house sold early, the long term investor actually catches that discount, so they they'd make an extra 20 grand in that scenario because they're getting paid out early. So this average person, average average people sell within like five to seven or eight years is typically what happens. So the the long term investor, when you're buying at a discount, you capture that discount. It's a nice chunk of change, depending on how you end up buying on the buy side.

Speaker 3  32:48
So foreclosure, you end up paying out part the short term debt.

Speaker 1  32:52
Yeah, so the short term guys first lien. They own. They own the notes. So I don't know, pick a value if that home was worth, say that sit at home was only worth $110,000 right? In this scenario, the 104 nine goes to the short term person first is his debt, not equity. And that's like the beauty of debt. When, when people talk about, like, I can go on a rant about funds and syndication, like note funds and stuff like that, where they sell, let's raise $100 million or buy 10,000 notes, and that way, if something goes bad, right? Then it's not one one thing ruining the deal, but they go out and they solicit money from investors, and those investors become LPs, which is an equity position, not a debt position, right? So if shit hits the fan, or they lever up the portfolio and they go south, the bank gets all the money first. Whoever's in debt gets paid out first, every time, no matter what. So this is like, this is all debt, debt only. You're in a very secure like your first, first debt position. So partials are great for IRAs. When I invest in my LLC, I like to do pledges. Another area for pledges is a Hypothecation loan. Okay, so same scenario, 271, payments, $1,000 a month. $160,000 note. But you say, Hey, Mike, I don't have 105 grand to invest. I only have 50,000 and I only want to invest for 10 years. Say, Great, we can do the same thing where we give you that six, 6% return. Because, you know, like, when you're a hard money lender, right, you lock up the home. That's the collateral. But an income stream, that $1,000 $81 a month, is also an asset. So when you do a Hypothecation loan, what you're doing is you're collateralizing a loan with that income stream, okay? So in this same scenario, $50,000 over 10 years at 6% interest, is $555 a month. So the way it actually works is $1,000 comes in, okay, out of that, since the short term investor has the first lien, they get $555 of that, and then the old. C gets the 526, that drops at the end. Okay, so the difference between the two strategies with a partial, you're actually selling part of the asset to the short term investor with a pledge or a Hypothecation loan, you are collateralizing a loan with the income stream, okay? And again, it works out as a win, win for both scenarios, because, like, the short term investor has $50,000 invested against 160 right. So that's like sub 30% LTV, in this example, they would get that note right. And the long term investor is getting to participate in the cash flow today. But also, like they have, what, 150 payments of 1000 bucks on the back end of that, that's a lot of skin in the game. So the long term investor is incentivized to step in and and handle everything and make sure that they they protect their long term investment. So so it always kind of ends up being a symbiotic relationship. Um, so these are a couple of case studies. These are notes that I've purchased, just to give you, like a real examples. So this one's a two bed one bath house in Indiana, Indianapolis. Now I purchased a partial on this home, and the guy that I purchased it from is a big time real estate investor in the area does like over 100 something homes a year. Okay, so in this scenario, he said, Look, in the event of a 90 day default, okay, he's gonna step in and handle the foreclosure process. So that's great. That makes me feel really secure, right? So, so the Zestimate on that homes $157,000 the unpaid note balance is $76,000 that pays me 1146 a month. The original note was written up as a 10 year note. I purchased 79 payments. 79 months of that, and payments remaining are 72 so for the last seven months. I think that. I think this. These numbers are from like, April, so there's probably like, 69 or 70 payments remaining. But I've just been, you know, it's just been a passive investment. I've been running my other business. I've been doing whatever, and I just collect 1146, a month, every month on this. So the way, like, if, like, these are for sale if you guys want but I'm just using examples, so you guys could see what it would look like. So we would do like a $50,000 pledge in this example, right at a 7% yield, which is for passive investments. Great. Your monthly payment would be $852 a month. And so 1146 comes in. 852 goes out to the short term investor, and 300 drops to my company, and then we just take that 50,000 hours and go out and buy another note, because I'm an active note investor. At $50,000 your LTV based on the Zestimate is 156. Is a 32% LTV, which is extremely secure. Zestimates can be bullshit sometimes, right? But the value of that home, that home was sold for 109 so even at the 109 price point, you're still at a sub 50% LTV, which, whenever it gets into lending like that's, that's incredible. You're very protected with the amount of cushion that you have. On a note like that. This is another one that I own. It's, this is in Texas. Now, the Zillow was way off, but I want to keep the same format, so the picture still had like a dumpster out front. It was from when it was being renovated. So I paid, when I when we got the BPO, I paid a real order to go drive by and take that picture. So I just threw that picture. That's my picture. I put on the slide. Is estimates 125 but that was pre renovation. The house sold for 165 in March of 24 so that's the value we're to use when we look at the numbers on it. So this one, I bought a full note. I bought the entire note on this one, home values 165k unpaid note. Balance which is owed on that note is 147 pays 1287, a month. So again, the original note term was 360 it's got three or 49 months remaining. I think it's probably about one 347, something like that, right now, now, in a in a partial example, right? If we did 110,000 hour partial for 10 years, right? You invest that, you get the full payment. You get that full 1287, a month. The LTV is 66% just pretty damn good, 7.19% yield. And you know, again, you're, you've got, what's that like? $37,000 I guess actually no based the cushion is the home value minus the partial investment. So you've got $55,000 of cushion on a home in Texas, which is non judicial state. It's not a safe investment, but I think there's a high likelihood that you would receive all of your money back, or close to it. You. If shit hit the fan on a note like that, yeah, use collects that. You just, you're the bank. You're just a bank. The beauty of the bank is, like, if the, if the

Speaker 3  40:11
roof goes, if you'd more close on, it never said, If you propose

Speaker 1  40:15
you are, yeah, you can, you can do whatever. I mean, my, my thing is, like, I don't like, they remember toilets, tennis, turnover. Like, I don't want to deal with any of that shit. I just want to hang out and like, so like, your number one investment in life is going to be in you and in your business. You're gonna make way more than 7% in your business, right? So that's, that's your investment, that's your money generator. Like, I think of notes is just like, yeah, maybe I can get 10% on in the stock market on a year with this ETF, but it's going up and down. There's all this other crap going on. I'm worried about Ukraine and Russia fighting all this stuff. Like notes, it's a secure debt position. I know exactly what's happening. And like, 7% 8% like, you're be happy with that, and go use your efforts where you can really make your big money,

Unknown Speaker  41:08
something like a one of the proper property was to cut 21 on the different California.

Speaker 1  41:15
Nobody knows what the hell is going to happen in California with that, that stuff. I mean, so servicer, right? Servicers, right? They they require home insurance and all that kind of stuff. Um, again, it's, it's your chalk. It's your chalkboard if you want to go buy notes in California, because you can squeeze out 2% extra good for good for you. I mean, it could happen. There can be natural disasters, just as if you owned the home as a rental, right? Just as if you own the home as a rental, you could, you would lose your own investment. There's insurance. There's homeowners insurance that these people are required to do. You are the bank, right? Banks designed all this stuff. Everything that we do was designed by the banks. They make sure that they're protected. So again, there's always going to be, like, the odd case of my buddy invested in a note and it got down burned in a California wildfire and he didn't get paid. Yeah, that's, that's like, I don't know. I'm making up a scenario. I'm just saying, like, don't buy in this place. I don't know that's up to you. Or, yeah,

Speaker 3  42:20
knock it up against them. Yeah. I there's quite peer street that is a multimeter desk. And do this where you could invest in notes and do it in small stunts you want. Like, I use that invest in that notes and kiss upon makeup. It's a like.

Speaker 1  42:39
So wait a second though, did you own that? Did you own the note? Or what is your what is their relationship to? Like, they went bankrupt. Who cares? Why? So the

Speaker 3  42:51
so the logistics intruder here, like cutting the note ends up relevant to the pier Street, instance, because, like, the claim is eventually through the air, but like they also in main ground, are why they would make up as they invested in things or bandits or foreclosed exact, yeah, tanks were good. That was not a problem that suddenly ball rates spike, that gained issuing. So it's kind of like that's it might will come back, but, you know, but some bibs locked up,

Speaker 1  43:18
I'm not, yeah, well, it sounds like that's more of like a note fund or intermediary became route. Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, the way I do it like, one note to one investor. So like, if I sell a note to somebody, it's like, This is it? There's no, like, I can't collateralize, like, 10 pledges or something like that. Like, there's, there's one note to one investor, and that's the investors always in the first lien position, whether they

Speaker 3  43:45
own it or not. I take a note and I chop it up and sell it to five people. You can't take risk of my

Speaker 1  43:52
but, but you can't, so you can only sell a front end portion, like, if I, if I, if I have a 30 year note, and I sell years one to five to you, I can't until that note reverts back to me. In year six, I can't sell one to five to you and six to 10 to you and all that kind of stuff. I can't keep chopping it up once I sell one to five to you, you own the note. Okay, I don't. I have a residual interest, but I do not own that note that now big companies can do this kind of shit, but they did add to all sorts of other layers of risk. So with partials and pledges, it's very cut and dry of like this is, this is vanilla investing. This is not like, like NpLS, you know, like non performing nodes, all that kind of stuff. Like, this is just like standard dude paying his mortgage every month. Like performing note. Yeah, you could go do like re performing or non performing notes. I could buy them at 20 cents on the dollar and take all sorts of risk, because I want to squeeze out to 15% yield. That's great. How about I just make seven or eight and. Then go build an Amazon company and make real money there. That's no no but so this is the third this is the final example. This is just another one. This is one I own in Texas. This is the one that just, it just sold. And again, like, thing is, like, these are not Slum Dog houses, right? They're just a nice, normal house in a normal blue collar neighborhood that you had to sell it like wouldn't be that hard to sell it. The metrics on this one were real, similar to the previous one. I bought 180 month partial on this one. I received four payments on it, and then the home sold. So I bought this one. This one was owned by my Roth IRA. So I made, you know, 1218, I made 1215, of that was interest each month, right? So it was all interest. It's in a Roth, so it's tax free. And then, you know, I just got paid yesterday for the home. Like the servicer handles all the stuff, all the math and stuff like that. They pay me out. And I got, I don't know what I got, like 140 $142,000 something like that. And this week, I'm gonna start looking for another note and just gonna go redeploy it and buy another note.

Unknown Speaker  46:12
But was that worth the time? And like, this one for them you made.

Speaker 1  46:16
So typically, a home sells, like, 578, years into it. This was sold in four months. Okay, so, like, was it? No, that's, like, extremely rare, but it's actually a good example. Like, this is, this is what happens people. You can't predict when somebody's gonna sell a home, this particular one. Like, I bought the partial, right? So I got exactly what was owed to me on that amortization table. I didn't buy with the discount. The long term investor had the discount. So if the, if a long term investor bought that at a $30,000 discount, he sold to me, and if he, if he structured it properly, maybe he got all, or almost all of his money back, right? Got all his money back, went out, bought another note. Now he's hanging out and he's like, four months later, he just makes 30 grand because he bought a discount. Like, that's, that's good shit. When that's,

Speaker 3  47:05
you get book in areas that are more transient by you

Speaker 1  47:08
can but I'd rather like you can't predict it. You have no idea. It's just, that's just the way it happened in this thing. I'd much rather pick a state and pick good metrics, good good buyer, underwriting, good collateral, seasoning, like there's all sorts of metrics that you looked at when you actually go out and you buy, yeah, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai