Speaker 1  00:05
All right, little bit about me. I recently won a triathlon. I winged it. I was on a relay. I was on the swim portion. I used to be a swimmer. This is current, like current. My current portfolio generated around 30k a month, three full time people, they're all in the Philippines, or actually no, two full time, one part time, and making about 10k in positive cash flow. This is kind of how I started. Started with House hacking, where just buying the house and living with a bunch of roommates, and then that was kind of like the epiphany for me, because we bought a house for like, 250k was five bedroom, three bath. Had four roommates. I ended up being positive cash flow on the mortgage, and then two years later, sold it for almost $500,000 and so I was like, wow, that was really cool. Let me get into real estate. Now that was back in like 2017 and so since then, I do short term rentals, mid term rentals, long term rentals, property management, syndications, joint ventures. I've raised money and done flips, done all kinds of things. My current, current value of my portfolio is right around 4 million. That doesn't include my home, and then I've been sober for seven months. That's a big win for me. My goal is to get to 50k a month in passive income, so I'm probably like, about halfway between my other investments, so almost there. This is like, the golden rule for me as an investor. So I'm doing this very I was like, nonchalantly, I'm not, like, trying to scale this kind of like, I'm not really, like, in it full time. This is very passive for me. My goal is to basically whatever I buy, it must break even long term on based on principal, interests and taxes every year. So that's just what I look for. I know other people are different, but that's just my golden rule that I have to hit no matter what when I buy something. So why real estate over other investments? A lot of people have already talked about this, but it's very predictable. You can really go into anything that you're going into, like you can underwrite it and get pretty dang close on what's going to happen. To happen, unless there's like, a big tornado or a hurricane, which that's what insurance is for, tax haven. This is why I'm pro real estate. I try to do at least one deal a year, just so that way I can offset my taxes from my E commerce business. I qualify as a real estate professional. So this is really super helpful for me. I'm going to talk about this real quick, because I think this is, like, one of the reasons why I'm able to do it pretty lean. So I have a full time assistant. She's absolutely amazing. She actually hired, I think, Travis's assistant, but complete rock star. She's in the Philippines. She is my executive assistant for my Amazon business. She helps me with she manages all my properties for me. I do not do anything. If I need anything, I just ask her. It's absolutely incredible. Find someone like Marie, and then I have one other person that's full time. She 600 bucks a month. And then I have a customer service person on the weekends who does all their messaging, like for VRBO and Airbnb software stack. So this is kind of how we set it up for our business. So I use Slack. Each channel is a different property, so it will just be the address or the unit, and that way we know, like, what, which one to address, and like, what thing, what things are going wrong for research, we use our DNA, air DNA platforms. We're in VRBO and Airbnb, the OI for str. These are just str, everything that's used in Google Sheets, though I GMS is the management software. It's probably the cheapest and most clunky one on the market, but it's really, really cheap. Furnish finder is what we use for midterm rentals. So like, month to month, up to, like, six months, and then long term rental on Zillow, and then section eight, HUD USER, and then AI, a lot of our underwriting. So market analysis this kind of breaks down, like each one in particular. So short term rental, what we look at, like top selling units, like when we're getting into the market. Now, I'm at the point where I stay in the same market for all my properties. I'm in Jacksonville, so I'm in Jacksonville Beach in San Marco area, so I know the market really well. I don't really do this that much anymore, but if I'm going into a market. This is the steps I would take for each one I'm looking at. Y'all can read it, so I don't really need to read it. This is the property I actually just bought last week. So I just want to tell you about this deal. It's pretty cool. It was on the market for 1.5 million originally. And so once it went from 1.5 million, it sat there for a while, and then it kept on going down. You reduce the price to 1.3 I finally got it under contract. At 1.1 got it under contract once I, like, did the numbers and everything, my mortgage and taxes and insurance monthly payment is right around 6500 bucks a month. I know this market really well. So each each unit is a two bedroom, one bath. I have another property, literally, like the eight blocks. This way, it's a triplex and they're all one, one units. Or it's two one ones and 122, this one is they're all 212, ones. They don't have washer and dryers in them. So adding that one thing is like exponentially increasing the what I can get out of rent on these property, on these, each of these units. So to give you reference, after I did a remodel for my other property on eight blocks down on a one one, I'm getting right around four grand a month on Airbnb. And so I'm expecting to get around five to six grand a month per unit. Once I'm done with these, these, this is kind of me underwriting the deal, kind of breaking it down. I've put in the closing costs plus down payment was around 22 or 50 270k and then I'm expecting to probably put only, like about 130k into it. So total cash in about 400 I really underwrited This conservatively. I think these, this can go way higher than 5k but that's just, I like keeping it on the low side. So right around 20k if I do it on short term rental, if I do midterm, which is like the furnish finder route, around 12k a month, and then ltr, around 2k per unit. That's with, like, no upgrades, like, that's not making it nice, that's like, literally just adding the washer and dryers, and then section eight is paying so much here, $2,300 is Section eight, which is really, really high for this area. So this kind of gives you a breakdown, like, the different cash on cash returns I'm getting for for this property. So obviously, short term rental is going to be the right move to go, and then it goes down from there. Basically, well, I thought, what I found interesting when I broke this down, like the section eight model is a 13% cash on cash, which that means, like, I literally don't have to do any work to the deal. Except, yeah, basically, I bought it. Well, I bought it with just cash on my pocket. No, no. I mean, I came out of pocket for the 270

Speaker 2  07:32
what ended which product like we work. But I made this,

Speaker 1  07:36
oh, I just looked at just classic loan. I'm at a six point 6.65% interest rate investment loan. This investment loan up at down 25% Yeah. This was a classic one where I talked about earlier, when you mentioned, like, buying down the rate. I was at like, seven point something originally, and bought it down with 12 grand. Yeah. So this is like me talking about ways that we optimize our listings on Airbnb. Travis knows about this too, because he's got some really cool ones in Colorado, but I put SAS watches in my photos. So like, even though this is at the beach, it has no reference to the beach and access. People love looking at our Sasquatches. So, and then we also put a small, like Teddy Bear Sasquatch in the unit so that people, people can, like, find it. So we use price labs for the pricing software. This is kind of gives you an idea, like, how to value the property and whatnot. And then also, like, what you need to have, like, to really like pop so like on my single family homes, all of them have pools and hot tubs. Every single one does exceptionally well, more better now that has a hot tub and a pool. This is a good hack. If you're not doing this, you gotta. You should definitely, as soon as you list it, get five buddies to stay there two nights. Give them back the money. Get super host. It only takes five degrees. You have a book at the full price, right? It's not a big plated, yeah, I book a little full price. Here's some examples of, like, images that pop. Obviously this, like, doesn't make any sense, but it works. And so just like thinking about Amazon and like, what you do like to like split test listings, your main images, making sure that the people are clicking on it, people, it's like shouting at you from the page. Same thing with Airbnb. And so this is kind of like, this is a house I bought. I can go into details on this real quick. Just to give you a highlight, I bought this for 415 I probably put in another 100 on it, so the pool and then remodeled the inside, and it brings in around 10. Grand a month in revenue. So the back house is rented for two, two ka month on midterm rental. And then the front it brings it around eight grand a month. This gives you an example of like, what our occupancy is on this property. So we get about 80, I think we're at 85.23% or something like that, on the last five months for this property, which is pretty much like where you want to be at minimum. If you can get higher than that, it's, I mean, you can obviously, like this month. Month is like fully booked, except for one day, but most of the time, 85 is kind of like the golden rule for Airbnb on occupancy. So it's, it's kicking butt, takeaways, gold rule, make sure whatever you're buying, like, if you're buying an Airbnb, like, say, for example, the city shuts it down, or whatever. That's why I always have that gold rule. Like, if I have to long term rent it, I can just get out of it. Long Term rent it, and it's gonna break even cool with me. I hire remote people and how to underwrite the different platforms and then making image pop bonuses. Right now, there's like, it's a great time to buy, guys, if y'all are ready to buy some stuff, definitely start looking and low ball people, because there's definitely a lot of deals out there right now, especially here in Florida, and we're also seeing a lot of foreclosures happening, so people are ready to sell something. I wanted to say, what not to do. I learned this from a bad experience. I invested in a joint venture, and I was not the first position on the loan. I thought I was, and I'm definitely messed up. The deal did not go well, and now I'm he's paying me back over time, so just make sure you're always the first position on the loan whenever you do a joint venture, that way you can get your money out. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai