Speaker 1  00:07
Hi everyone. My name is Aslam. I've been named this number since 2023 been selling since 2015 based in San Diego. I was born and raised in Istanbul, moved to San Diego 15 years ago for grad school, and I'm currently the chapter lead for new farm San Diego chapter, and mother of two boys, five and eight, which is like, feels pretty busy. I want to be talk. I want to talk about, like, three hot topics that we're focusing on this year. Two of them reflect the shift on how Amazon surface products reverse ranking. And then the third one is an alternative optimization for PPC. So let's start with Rufus, Amazon's new shift, or, you know, biggest shifting a little bit Sure. Okay, I'll start with Rufus. It's Amazon's biggest shifting start in recent years. I'm sure everyone in this room is familiar with Rufus. It's the new AI powered shopping assistant, which is designed to answer natural language questions and understand customer intent. So it would show, for example, weighted blanket to a customer who may be looking for sleep a supplement. So Rufus matters with the shift from keyword mesh to semantic search and listings must evolve to stay visible. But do people like to use Rufus initially? Rufus may have struggled with accuracy, but it gained traction, and there are projections that by early next year, 10 to 25% of Amazon searches could be contact conducted by Rufus. So what does that mean? Soon, customers may start searching for what is the best lunchbox? Keep food fresh all day for picky eaters, versus just like integrated lunchbox for kids, with this shift from keyword to intent, it is important to use noun phrase optimization versus just keyword targeting. And po focuses on detailed descriptive phrases noun phrase optimization that is using detailed descriptive phrases that helps with inferences so mapping product features to benefits and customer centered user values. Basically, the easiest way to start is exporting roofless queries from your listing from competitors listing, and analyzing those to optimize the listings and creating FAQs to be using your secondary image, your A plus content. So you need to be using those like full sentences, natural language in the listing. That doesn't mean that, like we're gonna drop all keywords optimization. Obviously, that's important still, but we need to keep in mind that not just like stuffing keywords, but talking more naturally to feed Bucha what it wants, also having those Fauci I'm gonna show an example in the listing and fully completing background attributes to help us understand the product better. So let's take a look at an example of the LaunchBox example, the reverse optimized blueprint addresses the most common questions like in reverse, like, is it leak proof. Is it easy for young children to open and open and close? Are the parts replaceable? Does it installation key food for long hours versus the traditional blue spray and focus on keyboard just for SEO purposes? And now recently, I know if you noticed, but Rufus is now pulling not just from reviews and product listing, but also from product images while answering the customer's question, let's take a look at it in action. So here, for example, a wireless headset, the customer clicks, is it comfortable for long listening hours? And Rufus does the analysis, pulls some text, but also pulls the image that has the fifth hour listening time. Non customer clicks on the noise cancelation similarly, you know, it is going to pull the image that has a noise cancelation feature. So notice here, there is the in text on the Let's escape. There is the image in the text on the image, that is where you know you're answering customers questions with your images. So that is why your listing becomes your salesperson. You're both feeding refused and answering the customer's question with the image. So this is an FAQ example. When you combine the most common queries in Rufus and create customer FAQs, you can put that in your secondary image and a plus content that doesn't only help with us, but also helps, you know, answer customers questions beforehand, and, you know, improve your conversion rate. At the end of the presentation, I'll be sharing a custom GPT that has, you know, when you feed the common roots queries, it will give back a suggested fap, as well as having done keywords using listing optimization and PPC also another custom GPT that does inference categories, which is mapping product features to user centric value propositions that we talked about. And finally, Rufus is devolving all the time, like the keywords changing the. Reason, sorry, changing. Go back and interact with your listing often and make changes as necessary. So that's servos. Let's now switch gears a little bit and talk about a different way of looking like PPC data. Let's first understand what N gram is. Does anyone know what n grams are? So it is basically creating sequence of animals from a set of queries. So for example, let's say we're looking at the fast wireless chargers. Milligrams would be fast and wireless, and charger. Bigrams would be wireless charger, fast charger, and so on. So the idea here is, if you ever dealt with PPC data, you know that there's tons of keywords with a number of clicks that they may play under the radar, or, you know, they wouldn't be captured by optimization algorithms when you're looking at the performance, so which will lead to wasted at Spa. So when you combine them, you're going to increase the observation drastically. And now, you know, then you may be taking actions. So very simple example, let's say you're selling water bugs, and this is, you know, some data from your source terms. So if I look at those, they may not trigger any optimization decisions because, you know, low number of places. But when you combine them together, you will notice that, you know, red bottle is not performing very well, then this way we're going to take that action. In order to do this, you're going to export your source term report, extract unigrams, backgrounds, three grams from that report, and aggregate metrics. And look at aggregate metrics. We also view an internal tool that automates that, say, on Google Sheet, where you put your source term report, and then it extracts those engrams, aggregates those metrics, and I will be sharing at the end of the presentation for you know, you can piss down to your team so they can look at the state or your egg manager. Let's take a look at some sample data. Let's say these are your unigrams. Let's say we're looking at the wireless, and you had fun example. So in this case, for this is your clear top performer in terms of ethical conversion. So you may want to double down on that, you know, increase business, if necessary, get more traffic, make sure you know that's on your listing. And you know, Samsung is obviously the, you know, poorest performer. You may want to negate that across, you know, entire all campaigns, similarly, for bigrams, those are two words, and wireless charger is your hero keyword you want to exit match that maybe in a separate campaign. Play for top of search, add your title listing, and obviously, for mid performance, you need to watch and monitor, drop this if necessary. And you know, obviously for the poorest performer, either drop is heavily or just, you know, on the data. So this is summary of the actions you would take from that data set. You know, any keywords that have wireless they're going to get, you know, more traffic, and anything with that other branding, they will get negated. Now let's switch back to visibility. So gear ranking has been a recent hot topic with limited knowledge and loss of speculation. Often, you know, sellers are under the false assumption that keyword rankings are uniform across the board. It's not. If you're using, for example, Helium 10, and you have the boots turned on for a keyword, you may see like wild fluctuations like that, because they check keywords every hour for different service that they have in different locations. So you may be ranking number two in New York versus number 50 Philadelphia. So what does that mean? And what can we do about it? I think that's the question. So as I said, you may be writing number in New York, but number five in Phoenix or somewhere else. And if you are strong in a region, you may double down on that. If you are weak in a region, are there ways to improve your position? And Amazon is giving signals that they're moving in the direction to subdivide markets into each with a unique demand curse, and currently for on Amazon traffic, only the SP has the capability to, you know, those difficult targeting but last year, for a brief time, they released that for sponsored display, and they rolled it back immediately, so it may be in The works. So when you know, you know you're a geographic, you know strong and weak places, you may be ready when this available.

Speaker 1  09:29
There are some I don't know, like we don't know what really influences your ranking. It could be like your distribution, imagine your distribution, but it can also be a problem. But knowing what we know with Amazon how they operate, it's probably you know local sales history, and you know regional demand drivers. So first start with, if you haven't already downloading your order report, look at your like strong and weak regions, like if you know any product is you. Performing underperforming unexpected in the region, or vice versa. Why is that? Let's try to understand it. Also start tracking your geo ranking for top 20 keepers in top 20 regions by products. As far as I know right now, there is no good tools to do that. We developed something like simple internally. It's kind of like a Python that uses Selenium to pull up a browser, you know, rotate zip codes, keywords and license and write CVS a CSV. I'll be sharing that at the end of presentation, so you can share it to your VA or the team they can start tracking. Next step is, you know, what action we can take? And there's not an easy question to answer right now, if you're, you know, really strong in a region, maybe you can use that to drag that traffic to your DTCs, Ibo, like, you know, Target, like geo, Target, meta and Google s or, you know, you can use that to argue with the retailer that, oh, I'm strong in that region to, you know, secure the shelf space. Or, let's say you are under performing in a region, or, for example, you know, you don't have much energy manager in California. Amazon doesn't distribute to California. Can you expect to like, do something to affect that? Maybe you carry on some, you know, DSPs or like off Amazon meta, DSPs, meta, Google ads or some localized influencer marketing to, you know, show that you had demand in that region. So this is the final summary. You know, we're moving away from keyword learning to natural language in listing optimization. Make sure to analyze your first queries and create FAQs and optimize your listing accordingly. We talked about the angle to uncover hidden performance transfer, you know, lowering rates that span and get your ranking in your radar, you know, identify your strong and weak regions. So these are the values that I talked about. The first one is a JIRA ranking tracker toolkit. It will take you to a folder that has, like, you know, detailed instructions for your team to build that script. The second one is a Google Sheet. Again, it's a folder. It has all the instructions. It's an automated Google sheet as well. The Kat set up the Google Sheet on your end. If you want to own the Google Sheet those last two, the first one is why PPC ninja. It's a roofless analyzer. You give most common Rufus queries, and it gives back suggested FAQs per product as well as high intent keywords. And the last one is the GPT for inference pathways, which will give or map product features to customer centric value propositions to be used in your optimization. Those are like separately. I guess you can see the links in the presentation later. And I am by no means an expert on those topics, but I wanted to bring them up to you know, see, like what everyone is doing in turn, in light of these things. Sure, how granular

Speaker 2  13:01
do you get when you suggested looking at the top 20 keywords in the top 10 regions, how granular Are you getting on your geo targeting, like city level,

Speaker 1  13:13
zip code, zip code. Are currently taking zip codes under the assumption that, because you know, it changes the delivery zip codes while making the search. Yeah, you basically, there's an input sheet you put, like the ASINs, keywords, zip codes, and automatically rotates through everything and then writes. But, I mean, you're an engineer, I'm an engineer, but I'm okay. I'm not a programmer. I had chatgpt Write those objections for me. Yeah. But

Speaker 2  13:44
how you think is very engineer like, but

Speaker 1  13:49
hopefully, you know, someone is working on a better solution. For that, I've been hearing healing time, maybe coming up with a solution. Until then, we're using our internal tools also, like another thing, for example, you know, for like, top three, five keywords, sometimes use more, you know, I'm ranking number three, like, I don't spend more on the ranking campaigns. But in fact, you may not be ranking everywhere, so that actually, like, opened our eyes, or we, maybe we need to invest more in the keyword to have more visibility, unfortunately, not on a zip code level. But hopefully you know that may be available. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai