Speaker 1  00:05
Okay, my presentation is on creating, dominating a category. This is something I feel like I don't hear talked about. So then, and this is actually very top of my for me, like, for the past year. So, yeah, so I wanted a presentation on it. So this is actually been a member since 2022 at the moment we crossed a million dollars. I applied for MDS. Got it in Las Vegas. So anyone who ever comes to Las Vegas hit me up, go grab dinner, drinks, whatever I like, vegan food, working out and I recently just developed an obsession with beating because eight hours through slots or blackjack or whatever, and I learned the right place to do it. So get revenue off the record 2024 we did about $25 million in revenue. Today, we're at probably about a $49 million run rate, and we hope to finish going 25 and maybe 70. That's great. So we're trying to scale this aggressively. Team. We have somewhere between like 10 and 15 employees. We probably in the year at about 2520 25 background is in it's a very varied background. I started my career management consulting, making presentations, doing stuff for big companies, went into analytics and building software. Actually got my start building Amazon software before I ever sold on Amazon. So it's interesting. And from there I went into affiliate marketing, so specialized in top of ads and native ads, so the clickbait that you see at the bottom of news articles. So somehow all that came together and helped me out this journey. All right. So yeah. So we started the business, me and my partners about seven years ago. Channel wise, we do this is all background to make everything else make sense. Channel wise, we do, Amazon, DC, Tiktok, Walmart, working. All those work. And then we're all starting retail. And then for us, we basically need to make retail work to scale super aggressively. So, yeah, everything, everything kind of works together. It needs to for everything for this business to work. Interesting thing about our products, so we sell we sell in the grocery category. We sell edamame bean snacks so they're like, crunchy, like high protein, like all that stuff. When we What's that? When we launched on Amazon, if you looked like, let's say you searched in brand analytics reporting and searched for the word edamame, you'd probably see it at number, like, 600,000 or something like that. Like, people weren't really searching for it. People liked it because you go to a Japanese restaurant, you order it like, oh, is this is the Oscar. But, yeah, nobody was searching for it. On Ice con today, we sold multi eight figures worth of products. And, yeah, it was an interesting challenge to solve. I will say we accidentally put ourselves in this situation. We didn't intentionally create a new category, just kind of just like we threw ourselves out there, and then we realized this is a problem that we need to solve, and so we solved it. I will say that these days, I think that this accidentally creating new category can actually be solved pretty easily and intentionally with Tiktok. So like on Tiktok, you'll see people launch things like Canyon gummies, like ridiculous things like that. So yeah, you can, you can create a market list with anything with Tiktok. So if I, if everything went away and I started all over again, I would probably launch a product, thinking Tiktok first, and then use Amazon to just capture all that demand. And yeah, the way Amazon works, as you guys probably all, all know, Amazon's a demand capture channel, and basically there is existing search volume. And what most Amazon scholars do is they try to get into that, that volume search and try to just show up at the top. Um. So knowing that, pretty early on, we capped out on existing good for our category, so we needed to solve that. So some quick goals on that presentation. This is kind of more of our experiences. I'm still learning as we as we growing as we go. So, yeah, so my goals with this far to give you guys ideas if you're in a similar position where you're kind of creating a market, or if you are like a market leader, give you a playbook if you're going into a new niche where you do decide, like your next product, you're going to try to create a category and class, still learning. So last thing is to receive feedback and ideas from kind of like the Hot Seat perspective. So if you guys think like everything I'm doing is stupid, let me know. It'll put a couple All right, so this is probably preview for a lot of people. So what a lot of people's, I guess, marketing looks like, is they have Amazon as kind of like a demand capture channel, where either you're tapping into Amazon's built in demand or or you're generating your own demand to capture is on Amazon, and then there's demand generation. So this is like, Tiktok and meta. There's a lot of videos, there's a lot of education, there's a lot of upper funnel stuff going on, where people are saying, like, Hey, look at this product I found, like, it does this as this middle funnel and bottom funnel where people are, like, by now it's on sale, so that's just kind of like a quick review, and I'll dive into each of these top level topics. Any questions so far? Yeah, okay, so diving into the demand generation side, there's something that we kind of noticed, at least with our data. I don't know if this is going to be true for everybody. I think if happy nuts started going viral, people would probably start searching happy nuts. They would probably wouldn't be searching for like, like, all cream, yeah. It's fine, but in our experience, when people, when things on Tiktok go viral, for us, we tend to see an increase in searches for edamame based search stocks. So if you look so this is from brain analytics. So these are kind of like the top searches for enema temperature announced. So what we typically do with this is we'll go into search free performance reports, we'll pull all the quote, unquote category search terms, and those are things like, unrelated to our brand, that don't have our brand name in the search. And then we'll sum all the volume, and we'll kind of track how demand fluctuates. Demand signals fluctuate week by week. And then what we do is we overlay that with Tiktok shoppable video views, and we see a very, very, direct correlation between video views and searches for edamame tabs. We see one metric that we or one thing that we kind of notice is whatever our Tiktok shop sales are, if it's going viral, we'll typically see a one to one sales kind of relationship, or as high as, like a one to five. So like, for every, let's say we did, like a $10,000 day on Tiktok, we'll do an incremental like 50k on that was on the template, the very doing. Out. Um, I think we're doing our running right now is probably 150k okay, for a month. Um, we have scales to plans to scale that up, like very soon. Um, so that's, that's, uh, Category Search, or that's what we've seen impacts Category Search, and on the other side there's brand search, which, if you're building a brand with the intention of exiting this is a very, very important piece, and it's also very important for building a mode to all so brand search, One thing that we've seen is

Unknown Speaker  09:41
and type those in hand. But

Speaker 1  09:45
so brand so if you type go into brand analytics, type in building, you'll see this stuff pop up. We pump all that, that search volume into, well, just a big, a big bucket of brand search. Search. So what we have been seeing is Tiktok doesn't impact brand searches, but for us, when we scale medicine, we see brand searches spike on Amazon. And right now, our meta, our medicine, is kind of fluctuating up and out. So, like, just like, it's like,

Speaker 2  10:25
spend, drive to Shopify, yes, okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  10:29
And then what we're kind of seeing it is this, should say meta sales or Shopify sales. But if we have like, a 10,000 $20,000 day on meta, and we'll see kind of the same increase in on the Amazon as well. So it's kind of like a one to one Tiktok is like disproportionately spill over out to Amazon, all right. So, yeah, generating demand is a lot of hard work. So generating demand, how do you capture up your kite as much as possible? One thing that started happening in the past year is we started having competitors pop up. They have a worse product, and they're not going to succeed for various reasons, but they have. They have driven up our PVC costs very significantly. We still have pretty, actually very solid tacos. But that's, that's really they're just trying to, it feels like the competitors are kind of just trying to capture the demand that we have worked so hard to generate, and they're not actually growing the market themselves. So, yeah, wanting to kind of solve for that, that it's also important, because if we go to sell, people are going to ask, like, what competitors do you have? We want to make sure that we control as much of the market as possible. So one thing I've been thinking about a lot for the past year is search engine result page domination. So most people, they'll go viral on Tiktok or whatever. They'll see searches go up, sales go up, but they'll have like, one listing on their search and their search page.

Unknown Speaker  12:19
What we wanted to do is basically

Speaker 1  12:24
make it impossible for customers to ignore us and making it possible for competitors to succeed. So if you look at this here, so this is the mobile search, so you start off with our video, sponsored products, positive product, organic. Organic, organic, another video, sponsored ads, sponsored ads, sponsored, sponsored organic, one competitor, and then, and then you start getting into more of ours and something like at least so that is that was very intentionally done. Basically, it started out with us trying to gain more market share over an incumbent that's been there for like 10 years. They just had a lot of sales. How many

Unknown Speaker  13:18
companies they do have? I think

Speaker 1  13:20
like, four now, yeah, but nobody's, I don't think anybody's selling more than, like, yeah, $15,000 a month or something. And if you look at So, this is, like the desktop view. So if you look at this, you'll see that, like, it's really hard to find no competition. I mean, granted, we did get a pretty large head start, but, um, the intention of this is to, yeah, to make sure nobody gets, nobody has a shot of get, getting a trench, just creating some variations. Um, yeah. And I'll get into that in a second. So

Speaker 3  13:55
if you were in the bid and you wanted to do this, what would you think you would do? Yeah, what I

Unknown Speaker  14:01
would, I would answer and then throw away all my

Speaker 4  14:06
inventory. Is this family or signature is what this thing, same thing. But

Speaker 2  14:12
he's not trying to be the low price leader. He's trying to, he has,

Speaker 4  14:15
he had 200 competitors selling the exact same Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:21
And I think it's also it's it's good to just like, if anyone even starts thinking about getting in, like our base did not look like this six months ago. But if anyone even thinks about trying to get in, they'll maybe think twice before I have 200 competitors. So another positive side effect of trying to dominate search engine results page, when customers come and find you from either searching for you or from Tiktok or meta or whatever, you get a chance to kind of showcase your brand. So we have a lot. Branded, branded assets. We try to show as many flavors as possible. I might have missed that as any meta at the thing of the right video. This is the Amazon mobile search. Let's see. Get back. Yeah, block ability of competition, right? If you land on this page, and this is, like, the top search term that's not branded, by the way, they forgot to mention that. Oh, it's not a brand search term. Yeah. This is, like, the if you're searching for edamame snacks like this while you're in this, yeah, I think if you're a customer on this, like, even if you got there because you were thinking about a competitor, I think you would almost need a reason like not to buy us, right? Yeah, I would agree. And then one interesting thing is, I think by doing this, if we do have competitors enter the market, it will result in outsized returns. So let's say a competitor comes out to the market, they start advertising on Tiktok starts driving more category searches. People are going to see us at them. So yeah, again, has a lot of benefits, execution wise. So one of the one of the key things is listing proliferation. So

Unknown Speaker  16:23
yeah, we, we, we've thought

Speaker 1  16:25
about every single listing that we've put up. We put a lot of thought behind like, Can this listing stand on its own? And one of the key drivers of that is, does it have? Does this variation have? Like, potential, different use case, different demographic, a different audience. Or do we, do we want to showcase something from it that

Unknown Speaker  16:49
would be hidden

Speaker 1  16:54
if, if we put it as a variation, so like, for example, this seesaw right here. That's our one of our top revenue drivers. But we do have five flavors that we've developed over the years, and by putting it into the sea salt like people won't really just reflect the lines and see that we have five flavors. So we kind of wanted to kind of use this as somewhat of a brand sales page as well. We also, by, say, an example of like use cases or demographics would be

Unknown Speaker  17:29
a lot of people. Lot of people have tried our sea salt, for example, and they've like, we've got customers that have purchased us, like 10 and 20 doctors,

Speaker 1  17:43
they know they like the product. They want to buy more than 10. They want to probably spend less money. So we came out with, like, bulk packs. Yeah, both pack, 45 pack. For example, it says this, 45 pack family, family size. So people buy that if they like our product already. They just want to save money, they want to try all the flavors. They want to stick it in their pantry for their kids. Or actually, the main reason we launched that one is for the office, because a lot of people buy this for for their office. And you don't want to buy, like, 1,000,010 packs.

Unknown Speaker  18:24
Let's see.

Speaker 1  18:26
Another thing is, like evolving with the customer. The reason we even came out with this 45 pack, another reason we came out the 45 pack is, again, you look try to know us, and they're probably ready for a more convenient thing to purchase also profit or AOV drivers. This is, again, for example, probably, probably our highest margin product. Customer gets it for the cheapest. We have the highest Arkansas and yeah, one, the one key question for every single time we split out or create a new parent is, can they stand by can that listing stand by

Unknown Speaker  19:09
itself? Let's see

Unknown Speaker  19:12
one note on PPC.

Unknown Speaker  19:16
One is one

Speaker 1  19:17
interesting thing we're doing is we're making sure nobody has, again, nobody has any shot at all the ring that includes their PVC. So we did, like, $15 a click on All edamame related terms. And that way, like, if, if somebody wants to try, they they can, but we already have a lot of velocity. Like, I think they might be able to sustain first, like, a week, two weeks, maybe. But, I mean, we're paying for it with profit. So was that, is that your brand name, or is that a search term? Oh, this is a search for, like, the Tommy the top layer,

Unknown Speaker  19:54
getting Christine,

Speaker 3  19:57
yeah. What's your second. And maybe it's 15, I

Speaker 1  20:01
don't know, probably like two, $3 okay, yeah, before people came out to the market, it used to be like 70 size gaps. But, yeah, another benefit of all this is kind of get, like a motor flywheel. Why? I mean, nobody can get

Unknown Speaker  20:27
that and desktop,

Speaker 1  20:29
desktop page and takeaways out over to on it. But there is a focus on pushing Amazon even further as a key part of the full funnel demand strategy. So again, not just having, like a single product, but really intentionally blowing everything out. Tiktok and meta for us, at least drive different kinds of searches. And yeah, if you track you, if you categorize searches into those two buckets, brand new category, then you have a real shot at measuring and finding correlations between your peers, spend and sales and other platforms and Amazon, we put a heavy focus on owning the demand caster, really making sure that anyone that searches looking for a type of product like ours, we own the experience and see proliferation

Unknown Speaker  21:32
is key to all this.

Unknown Speaker  21:37
Questions. They don't create tonight. How do we approach Tiktok?

Speaker 1  21:49
It's a good question. Yeah, so I think for us, at least, the strategy has kind of changed over time. In La about a year, little over a year ago, we actually 18 months ago, we were kind of just giving out samples, just trying to get some videos working. We probably made like $500 in sales in seven months on Tiktok shop. And then February, of last year, there was a video that went viral that Creator made. She didn't buy the Tiktok shop. This we had actually given up on Tiktok shop. And, yeah, it went viral, and it literally doubled our business overnight from eight figures to a higher eight figures. So that was, that was kind of cool. From there, for the next, like eight months or so or so, we found that just giving out mass samples, like 1000 a month was good enough. And it was, it was working, and we're profitable. But I think sometime in the past, like five months or so, that strategy kind of stopped working for the most part, or stop being as effective as everybody started doing it, and now we're kind of just like nurturing existing creators that have already worked. We have like, discords going, and we are. We have phone calls with like our top creators, make sure they're kind of like on board with us. We can kind of make sure that that the sellers keep selling

Speaker 4  23:32
the video that you're using as ads. That's the same,

Speaker 1  23:36
yeah, video, videos that work, actually. Can you clarify? There is an ad semester, like, at the moment that your video company is that the video that went viral? Oh, no, very different video.

Unknown Speaker  23:51
I don't have many Tiktok influencers to

Unknown Speaker  23:53
even nurture, right? Like starting from bottom, yeah. So should we give out a lot of samples to

Unknown Speaker  24:08
get going if you can afford it before, yeah,

Speaker 2  24:17
yeah, and you have to Make sure the the affiliates that you can give it out to are categorized in the home by Tiktok. They're in the home bucket. Got it? That's good too. Otherwise it's just you're giving away free shipping. And it's probably not going to donate, probably influencers in the home, in the in the Amazon affiliate center. It's our candidate affiliate, and what it gives you all their stats, right? Yeah, you can see exactly what Tiktok thinks about

Unknown Speaker  24:55
one in the back to make sure they're on their own

Unknown Speaker  24:57
categories, the majority of their. I

Speaker 1  25:02
mean, it's home, yeah, Amazon are pretty much maxed out. Only thing that will grow Amazon is growing Tiktok and meta.

Unknown Speaker  25:13
How are you scaling Tiktok?

Speaker 1  25:20
Scaling? Just doubling down on on nurturing creators, forming better relationship with creators, and then making sure our ad strategy is like, locked down and solid.

Speaker 2  25:35
We have found that our Tiktok ads are performing better when you open up to audience, very similar to meta, like, just leave it, and

Unknown Speaker  25:45
their outcomes are really good, yeah.

Speaker 2  25:48
And we are noticing a huge difference when we're creating multiple GMB Max campaigns, one product to one GMB Max campaign, rather than putting multiple products in one GMB Max I don't know if you're doing that or not, but the minute we did that was crazy, really one we thought it to one GMB Max, yeah, we only run it on our top three skews on Tiktok show. But yeah, it's still like, the performance is way better. Yeah, I also had some other ideas for you. It just, I don't know, doing comparison videos of your product against any competitors that you would be concerned about. We've had creators do that organically, and it works really well like we've had videos go viral like that that we didn't even know they were posting. It was just some random creator who bought 10 different self tanners and then did also slide shows like that work very well, of like rating the best high protein snacks for you, for example. And then they scroll because they want to see all of them. And just putting yours in the mix,

Unknown Speaker  26:59
start with 10 number 10

Speaker 2  27:00
no because you want, you want it to go viral, so, like, keep them stringed along. Like, the second slide could be, like, gone are the days of high carb snacks. Let's look at high protein snacks. Like, get them to scroll a few times and then show them different, like your EDA Bombay beans, and then maybe, like some other healthy high protein snacks that are not your brand, right? Because, if it looks organic that

Unknown Speaker  27:24
way, yeah. And then

Speaker 2  27:28
the other thing I thought of was having, just because I'm I'm a customer of this type of product, like I'm a heavy searcher of healthy snacks for kids on Amazon. And I thought about like I saw a lot of your variations, and some of them say like in the title for adults and kids. But why not? Why not have chat GPT scour your reviews on Amazon and find out which flavors are called out by parents that their kids like the most, and then create one and then put on the actual box itself in the image. Anyway, yeah? Kids, kids pack, you know, curated pack of all the all kids favorite flavors, or something like this, yeah? Like my kids would never eat plain sea salt. They need something, right? Yeah, and then, and then, just have a listing specifically for that that's like, high protein snacks for kids. Like, because I don't I see some protein related keywords in your truncated title, but mostly healthy snacks, yeah? And protein is a big thing right now, in general, yes. And then the third thing I thought of was, I feel like, since Tiktok became a thing, everybody's ignoring Instagram, and Instagram is the same sort of machine that Tiktok is, minus the direct shopping attribution piece, but whatever you post on Tiktok, can absolutely be posted on Instagram. And has the same with reels, has the same possibility of virality. We've had plenty of reels go viral that people have posted again, many, most of them organic, not something that we seeded.

Unknown Speaker  29:20
Just ask people to cross post on Instagram. No,

Speaker 2  29:23
like, anything that you guys post that does well on your own Tiktok, post it on Instagram. I mean, yeah, post it on Instagram. And often, if it does Tiktok, it'll does well on Tiktok, just in general, for like, interactions, virality, whatever, it'll often work really well for a meta app. Oh, yeah, right. So it's the same things like, take it to take it to a reel, and then, yeah, have creators, or work with creators that maybe have an audience around snacks or food or like, what? Some of our biggest affiliates post all the time, like, instead of this, use that in every category, if they're just clean living pages, right? And those get so much traction, people want to see what they should be using, and they scroll through those fucking slides like crazy, millions of comments like, you know, and it's very believable and trustable, because that's all these people post. But like, I'm just saying, like, don't discount that Instagram can have the same effect of the demand generation, right? It won't capture but demand generation, you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai