Speaker 1  00:05
All right, so this is something we've been focused on for the last approximately two and a half years as well, and actually feeds into Chris really well. So I'm glad he went before me. Kind of builds into executives and all that kind of stuff, coincidentally. So, I'm just started when I was approximately 1516, years old, dropped out of college when I'm still mad at me, I'm promising her to go back and get my bachelor's degree. But thankfully, we've been building over the last 10 years. You have around 150 people, maybe 120 130 worldwide headquarters in Minneapolis, American Palestinian, born in the US, went overseas, came back for college, and one cool fact is we actually built and run a youth leadership program five years ago. Now it's around 5060, around 1516, years old. We try to teach them values, everything like that. So that's something I spend almost all my Saturdays on. I'm really glad to have started it. So a little bit about my experience, kind of why I'm presenting on this. Over the last two, three years, right now, we have around eight six figure plus employees for actually above the 150k range. We have a few people even above the 200k range. And just some experience about that. We lost a lot of money also, we hired a few people, unlike Chris, we had some bad experiences, unfortunately, with hiring some people at the higher level. So we spent lots of money in recruiting, lots of money on testing higher level people, kind of learning from the ground. From the grounds up. We've dealt with many recruiting agencies. And actually this is one thing is I spend so much of my time every week doing interviews. I tell my EA that I want at least two interviews a week. Doesn't matter who it is, if it's entry level, give me entry level. I just like meeting new people. And these interviews are around three to four hours a week at minimum, but sometimes I've had days where it's disgusting, it's like 10 hours back to back interviews, and I'm almost baked on the day. So we I do a lot of interviews, and I think that's one, I get to learn so much about various fields, but two, also getting to meet new people, opening up that relationships. And it's been something that I'm really glad I do, even though it's very tiresome. Why does such a big deal? Hires are the most expensive decision we usually make, both in time and money, like even, let's say, lower level people 1000 bucks a month. That's $12,000 a year. When we're looking at a software for $12,000 a year, we think about it so much, but sometimes you hire someone 1000 bucks, as if it's so simple. And the same goes as you scale up, you have 100, $200,000 employees. We take maybe a day or two decide on. When it's 100 $200,000 software like, Oh, let me go think about this. Let me go add that, or $120,000 of marketing. Let me think about this, or branding, or whatever. So it's a very expensive decision, and not only money, but also time, you're gonna deal with that person. So it's a big, big deal. The larger you get. Also it's more about the WHO than the how. So business at the top is all the same. We've seen the CEO of Chipotle. He just moved to Starbucks. They're both food, obviously, companies, but they're very different product. But the reason that he they think he can be successful, because at the top, you're just managing how to product, how to marketing, how to sales. It's more about kind of managing larger business divisions. Obviously, knowing the product is extremely important, but also knowing the leadership level becomes more and more relevant as you go up so and then great hires also open doors for industries and relationships. There's like side things that great hires helped with, but they're usually very connected. They're also very well known. So for example, a partner Success Manager We had an issue with our account health. They know someone at Amazon. They know someone that made the claim, two phone calls, they saved us, like, a week of account being shut down. Another example is just another partner manager that got us a few acquisitions that he just knew people from previous businesses. So kind of they know either softwares, they know people that kind of get the ball moving because they're at their higher level. They have more experience. They open your doors to other stuff. And I'll get more into the bonuses later. So some obviously, you guys already know this, and it's just, I kind of wanted to put data Eugene asked me to add data sources. But it's, really, is true. I mean, the cost of employees, really, when you're moving someone and putting someone in one you have to jump in their spot and do their work. They're even making a mis hire. Let's say someone is 150,000 executive you're not going to tell from week one if going to tell from week one if he's a good employee or not. It's going to take you two or three months so that, let's say he's $120,000 that's 1010, grand a month. Two, three months, that's 30 grand, almost. So that's all that time you're investing in them to know if they're good enough. So might as well focus on getting it right from the first time. And that's what I'm going to talk about now in this here. And then obviously executive turnover is obviously very expensive as well. Expensive as well. You're it's a trickle down effect. They have a team of 1015, people. What happened to this guy? You have to start putting in a narrative. He left because of this. So just keeping him on board and making sure you make the right decision from the beginning is important. This is a book that inspired a lot. What I'm talking about. It's a little bit not as relevant, because they talk about more like C suite for Fortune 500 companies, but there's a lot of concepts that are applicable. So I'm still getting, I was inspired heavily by this book, and I'm going to talk about the stuff that's applicable to our industry, along with other, obviously, resources that I used as well. But that's some relevant notes and some of that stuff along with it. Sorry, I'm going a little bit fast. One I'm from. Minnesota. We talked fast a little bit there, but also, second of all, as we have a lot of slides, I was anticipating 3040, minutes, so I'm gonna try to go through it quicker. And then Steve Jobs, someone that I love. He's, this is one of his quotes, obviously. And it is true, there is a trickle down effect. You bring in a loser. He's bringing in losers. That's who he knows. You bring in a killer. He knows killers, and he doesn't tolerate losers. He's gonna kick them out from day one. Like, why have someone good? He's like, Man, this guy's so gonna fire him? I was like, Come on, man, just give him a few weeks. It's kind of discussion we go through very often. So top talent, I think Henry Ford once said it, you're really like a players, were three Blair B players, but you only pay him one and a half times, a B player. So that's, that's something like, kind of from a business sense, let's say an A player is 100 grand, a B player is 80 grand. You pay the extra 20 grand, but they're going to be worth two of the B players. And that's something that we've seen as well as you go through it, and one of on businesses. And again, it doesn't have to be obviously US based even outside, is the same concept. So this is our process, five steps, very simple, defining the role scorecard on a short example of a scorecard right after this job description, onboarding plan, and in that order, by the way, so scorecard, what outcomes you want this person to do? So Arshad was talking about issues. So what problems are they coming in to solve? We're not bringing executives to do tasks now. AI can do a lot of that. They're coming in to solve big, ugly problems that we even have trouble solving. So what? Based on that problems, we build the job description, and based on that, we build the onboarding plan for the first 90 days. This helps us refine who we're looking for, because when we're doing interviews, oh, he starts ticking off check boxes. Yeah, this guy actually can do this. He can't do this. He can't because then when you're looking and you're sourcing and you're interviewing and selecting, you're going to be more refined, and you're going to be able to detect who really can do it and who's kind of just selling himself and coming up with this, because executives are good at sales. So you also can be fooled very easily, and that's how we made a mistake. And I can maybe, I won't hand share here for you, but I can get into that later. So then we're going to sourcing, looking different areas. And this is like we focus so much on our customer funnel, we figure our hiring funnel, our hiring funnel, is way more important than the customer funnel, because those people are going to bring this to customers. And this is where the our hiring funnel, how it looks like at least so defining the role source, and we'll get it to each one specifically later, understanding who you're on, score card, job description, onboarding plan. We basically create a hiring playbook to drive exactly what we need, score card list, outcomes, five key, eight key outcomes. I'll sort of example right now after this, I think. But then we build the job description base of that, and remember, we're bringing the best. This is a big misconception, I see, is that we think we're entitled to good employees. Good employees have all the companies chasing after them. You're not entitled to anything. You have to chase after good people, and you have to deserve and when you're printing out the job description, that's an ad, just like you focus on your putting out your PPC ads or all the other more higher end ads. Your job description is ad for your company. Why would they want to work for you? What are you offering? You're not entitled to good people. You have to deserve them. We develop onboarding plan 90 day goals, so this is what we expect. Within 90 days, is what you have to do. And then that's basically how we hold them accountable, and that's usually how we can tell, within three months, if someone is meeting those benchmarks or not. So this example of the outcomes you can see, for example, this is one, one that we want to do. Second, this is a controller, and I have all these documents, by the way, if anyone wants them, I can, I can provide them as well, but this is where we start with. These outcomes that we want for. This was for a controller, approximately what was this position for, initially was 440 grand, and then we ended by, say, 170 grand. But unfortunately, this one didn't work out when we lost a lot of money. And like I said, that's just one of the examples. So sourcing candidates internally, externally. So obviously, recruiter agencies, we like recruiting agencies that are specialized. If you go to recruiter agency, I hire every role, every industry, they're going to find the generic employees. But if someone specialized in sales and, for example, the plumbing industry, that guy has a lot of connections, very likely to succeed. So the more specialized we found recruiting agencies, the higher they are. We have, for example, recruiting agencies specifically for entry level graphic design employees. Then we have another one for general middle middle line managers that we can't kind of consistently go back on. I can also provide those also, if you guys want, of course, then hourly contracts is, obviously, that's something different. And then LinkedIn, indeed, I think indeed, is headquarters here. We might have seen them, maybe we can, but that's usually when we're looking at middle managers and up senior managers. LinkedIn indeed is the best executives. And up you're going to LinkedIn and you're reaching out personally as a CEO. These guys have people, have people begging for them to work for them. Don't have

Speaker 1  09:31
like offshores person, just send them. It's very unlikely to respond. So that's kind of find top referrals for employees. This is also something we do. We give 500 bucks for entry level employees, up to $3,000 for even executives, for referrals, for internally. And then then that's where high personal CEO, and this is like, honestly, there's one person I sat like, three weeks trying to reach him out. I think I even might have called like, one person from his family member, like, I'm going after if I want you. Work for our company, and then eventually it worked out, thankfully. But the truth is that these guys are so busy, it's like a sales process so that they can change. And you know, you're also giving them a lot, because I know I'm giving them a great opportunity, they're very happy with us now too. So key to efficient hiring goals, to find great people, attracting company efficiency is paramount. We do the first interviews. I'm gonna get into that later, 2015 minutes I'm talking to so minutes. I'm talking to so many people. Quick 15 minutes. Do you show up on time? Are you dressed like, for example, when someone is at once took a call while he's driving in the car, like I'm not gonna spend an hour and a half with you on another interview. I just immediately know you're not worth it. So make it very low barrier. 15 minute first interview, going through people as many as you can, every minute spent to the wrong panda is a minute lost with the right one. And then I actually have this is we level, I live what we speak. The only negative review we have on Glass Door is from someone that was mad we didn't spend a lot of time in the first interview with them. So they were like, This guy, and then obviously we had to fix internal stuff. But that's kind of it's it's good and bad, but it's something that we basically work on interviews. So the screening interview, this is the first 115, 15 to 30 minutes. You schedule 30 minutes, but you finish it. Sometimes you finish it in 10 minutes. If someone doesn't have their camera on, if someone is like, reading off a script, AI is like, Thank you for your time. That's why it actually got a bad review. Is kind of a little bit rude. I felt like they were reading off AI, but, but not more than 30 minutes long. And then, if they're good, book a meeting from a meeting, bam, fam. This is what we do in sales. Listen when you're available next week. Okay, let me get you for an hour and a half. Then you already scheduled them for the next meeting. That's where you go through the who interview. They explain their history. What are you doing? What you don't like, also you don't like. For example, if I want someone to grow Amazon sales, you don't ask, have you grown Amazon sales the past? You can say, Yeah, well, I did kind of work with someone growing Yes. And what did you do in the past? And then if they mentioned I grew Amazon sales, they're not tailoring their responses to your answers. And this is like some technical stuff that I can get into later. How am I in time? By the way, can someone help me? Yeah, oh, wow. Okay, I'm going really fast. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. All right, I'll slow down a little bit. Sorry. Okay, all right, so then the third interview. So we said the second interview, that's the most important one. So that's actually the, basically the who interview. They called the who interview. So it's an hour and a half, two hours. Explain every job you went through. What did you do there? What were your main KPIs, what? And then you understand if the things they were solving for before is this thing, things you need solved for, and did they solve them successfully? It's kind of like Alex for Moses, nice saying you want someone that ran a marathon, bring them to run a marathon your company. So if someone, for example, you have a problem with logistics, shipping from China, growing internationally, let's say. And someone did that for three companies in the past. Just copy paste, come do it here. And that's kind of what we're looking we're looking to see if they're checking off the things we wrote on the scorecard. That's kind of the mentality that we have here. The Deep Dive. What are the so this is kind of going into that. We also kind of asked specific, like these two are kind of intermixed. You don't have to do all the way to four again, the higher level they are, the bigger the decision. Once you go 150 160 170k you're I'm doing six, seven interviews. If it's a 12k decision a year two interviews is fine. So it's not like, it's not like gospel per se. It's like, there's malleable stuff depending on the situation. But this is just a general guideline. So then we do specific focus stuff. So let's say the biggest issue I have is someone that we want for international expansion, then that's where we do a third interview specifically on international expansion. How do you solve for it? If you run into this issue, how do you address it? Give me an example. Give me an example. Give me an example. Always focus on examples. They can answer generically, but when they tell you specifically what they did, you can kind of detect the nuance. And that's why we do a lot of interviews, because I can kind of detect, generally, who has the most specific and guided answers. I have a benchmark, because I look through 3040, people. But if only talk to two, three, you kind of, it's especially if you're not an SME on this and this area, you're kind of, you can get fooled easily. So and then you also involve other team members like to do this, get another look. I might like someone, I might a lot of things. So that's where I kind of get another eye into it. And I have them also talk to this. And then this is my favorite. This is, this is, this is the most important one is the reference interviews. This is such a crucial point. Do not ask people to give you two or three people. Like anyone in the world. Can find two to three people that like them. It's impossible not to so you that's where, when we're asking them for their previous jobs, we ask who they reported to, and then I choose who I want. I tell them I want this manager, I want this peer, and I want this subordinate. And they have to give me those people. If they say, Oh, I can't give you that. That's a red flag off the top. But no, do not let them just give you who they want to give you. Everyone can find two or three people that like them. In the world, it's almost impossible not to so this is where our reference interviews, they're lasting 30 minutes to an hour. I'm just chatting with them. Did they really solve for this? What's the best thing they did? And I have specific questions if you guys would like for the reference interviews, but it's basically very extensive. Positive. And this is, this is, like, I said, this is my favorite one. And one of the questions I like, this is by Keith Rob boy. He was one of the founders of PayPal. He's like, you can ask moderate questions like, Is this is this guy a good person? Someone is, again, answered, yeah, he's good overall. But he said one of my favorite questions to references was, Is this guy a killer, and is this guy a hustler? Because that's a very extreme word, and people will like, especially if you're talking to high level executives, they're not going executives, they're not going to just say someone is a killer if they're mediocre. So that's where, like, one of my better questions in reference is, like, ask, Is this guy a killer, or is he a hustler? And use that, and they kind of get, kind of like, a BS detector from it. So this is the things we look for. This is actually very valuable, like, from all our experience. So this is, like, the, this is the check boxes we look for. So the resume, if they have a dog every six months, delete it's willing to open and provide references. So just as I mentioned, they're open like any like, I had someone that we just hired. He's, like, he gave me six managers every like, Okay, this guy, he had a good experience. Everyone that's that's a very good green flag.

Speaker 1  16:00
Promoted with previous jobs is also really good one. Like every job they're at, they're up to three levels, they get promoted consistently. That's also really good sign. Reason this is actually a good one as well. Reason they're leaving a job is not usually money. Rather, they fit. They feel have additional skills they can deploy and are not being challenged. So they're at a maintenance company, or there's a lot of people above them, they feel like they want to grow. They're not given the opportunity so that they start looking for other jobs where they can deploy their skill set. So that's usually a good one that we see most strong candidates already employed, hesitant to leave. So this is where you're recruiting people that are already in the job. Obviously, the basics, we don't even have to mention, like they come into the meeting on time, like they're dressed appropriately, they don't come like, basically, the basics are out of the question. I mean, emotions are easy to overrule. Limit getting this. That's why, when you go back to the scorecard after the interview, you get the you get the interview templates. You maybe now use even chatgpt. You put the interview notes and you put your scorecard and ask chatgpt, how likely are they to meet the outcomes based on these notes, to also double check your emotions and to make sure you're not being sold on something that's not true. And then look at them prior things they did, obviously references. And then this is a big one, been there, done that. They made this brand successful in DTC that was just on Amazon three times before. And they can come here and do it again, for example, like you want someone for DTC. So it's kind of like a copy paste. They have a system that works and then worked in similar environments. So this is actually a good one, too. People that are start successful in startups, like one to five people companies there, they could be successful in your company, but they also could they're usually generalist. And the same thing. When someone is successful at a fortune 500 company, they're corporate. So you want to hire people that are from similar company sizes and remote culture. They're maybe only used to in office their whole career, remote. They get thrown off. They feel lonely. So hire people from similar cultures or similar company size that work to you. This is a bonus. It gets harder and harder. Now you see why it's a funnel. You start with 1000 people, you end up with two or three people. So that's why we like to go very broad and just cast the net out there challenges we face. So emerging industry, so Amazon, e com, generally, is 1015, years old. It's not like, let's say you have a plumbing or window company. It's been around for hundreds of years. You have a lot of lot of people that know how to do it. It's less like PPC. Now we're only looking Pakistan, Philippines. It's growing a little bit more, but even in the US, at higher levels, like it's not as common as other industries, portfolio, careers, so that, like, basically juggling numerous things. They're kind of opening their own Amazon account. Intangible impact of this is a big one. Intangible impact of knowledge work. Like, for example, if you're in a factory, How many things did you produce today? 1015, 20. But sometimes when you're at the higher levels, like, is this guy really good? Like, he's doing this, he's bringing this, but you don't see it until 612, months later. Sometimes, because they're building infrastructure, and they're building a lot of that, so sometimes it's tougher to measure if someone is really good at especially at a higher level, especially within a short time frame. And this is a big one, composition compensation pressures, VCP backed firms. They're competing free with you on the best people. Google's competing with you on the best people. So that's why you have to kind of bring in some of the intangibles, maybe a remote environment, maybe growth opportunities. You're having a chance to join a company that's going to be a billion dollars a few years. You won't ever be a C level employee at Google, for example. So some of that stuff, you have to just make sure, and I'm going to talk about how to sell good people as well later, and then this is a good This isn't I was hesitant, hesitant about adding this because it's unlikely you're gonna get, like a senior manager, executive to do a trial period. But maybe you can do like a test, consulting or project with them, but you kind of get to test each other, how you guys both like each other. It's ideal if you can do it, is just less likely. And then this is some of the ways to basically convince because, like I said, the best companies are fighting for the best people. So how can you win them over? You have to align basically top candidates receive multiple hours. You must not only evaluate but also actively sell the premium from the. Beginning. So as you're interviewing, if you like someone, you kind of hear in the in the interview process, what they're looking for? Are they looking for a career? Are they looking for money? Are they looking for a place where they're valued? And then once you hear those triggers, you mention them throughout the interview, that and only if it's true, of course, because if it's fake, they're going to find out two weeks later and they're going to leave. So obviously you have to make sure that you're it's legit. Show them the road map. Show them how you have show them how much you invested in this position, that you're invested in their growth. You built a huge road map for them, so you're going to be hands on with them. And growth wise, freedom to excel. We're smaller companies. There's a chance for them to growth. They're going to have autonomy, less micro. We're too busy to micromanage. High level people want the space to flex their skill set. So you want, you want to reinforce that you're going to give them that. And this is like OKR system, and then addressing the personal side. Consider that, for example, this is even the stuff of the Candice family, the their kids. If you can address that in a way. For example, we do family events, for example, in our company, whenever there's a birth or something, we give like a gift. So some of that stuff that is valuable to certain types of people, of course, and you want to find what's valuable to your person. So then fun factor, like we we have, for example, games, we have competitions, we have fun stuff. So you have to find that what's relevant to the person you basically talk to. Obviously, building the relationship connection is key. Just like you, it's a two way interview street. So just like you, you want to make sure they're good. They want to make sure you're good. So make sure that, obviously they have options. If someone like it's a red flag if someone just accepts anything, because that means you're the only option for them. And then also speed. I forgot where it was, but the best employees find a job within a week or two weeks. So you want to make sure that you're quick. You're scheduling the second interview. You're talking to References, whoever's familiar with project management, like blockers, whatever isn't the blocker, you want to get them out the way as soon as you can. So you run things in parallel. So as you're arranging for the fourth interview, you're perhaps talking to a few references as well. You're perhaps refining the roadmap. You're perhaps refining how you're going to sell them. So you're doing things simultaneously and then offer an onboard so this is like, this is where I can become sometimes annoying with you, but if I know I like someone, I'm not sending them an offer letter. I'm scheduling a call. I'm going to discuss basically what the offer I have in mind, and I literally tell them to get any call. Listen. I liked you a lot. We're not leaving this call until you agree to join our company. And that's basically how I start off the call, I start off we negotiate, obviously, compensation, package, bonuses, OT, earnings, all that kind of stuff. But I basically just stay with them on the call until we figure something out. And sometimes schedule 15 minutes once it took, like, an hour to get to something that's going to work for both of us, basically. And then once they get the verbal agreement, I send the offer letter, and we go for that. So a player traits. This is some so this is some of the stuff that you're gonna find when you when you're looking for good people. This is some of the stuff. So they they save you time by taking stuff on your plate, just like Chris mentioned with the logistics guy, he got a lot. He bought his time back run towards work and challenges, not away from them. Like, if they see a fire, are they just throwing their monkeys at you, or are they going head on and addressing them and telling you resolutions do not. Oh my god. They're not looking at the time and clocking they actually love their job. And this also means other hand, like, if they're, if they have to go to the DMV in the middle of the day and they know their work is said, they can just go and come back, because they're gonna check in late, they're gonna so then it's not like they're they're not just doing tasks. They're not checking in, checking out. They're always growing, always learning. Make sure you have IDPs growth plans, basically individual development plans to retain them act as employees in the company, and then they challenge themselves. And this is a book I like from I think he's a black rock or black stone, but I read one of his books, what it takes, and this is one of the quotes that I liked in it. But this is true. Like people are 10 cents problems, design solutions and take the business directions without being told to do so if you're having to, if you have task doers, they're very different. So this is what, this is kind of a good litmus test as well. And then headed benefits of great hires. So this is like, higher staff retention. When you the people, like who you have, they stay with you longer. They're free consulting coaches, like when you're bringing someone on, I always ask myself, when I'm gonna get an agency from gonna pay 2030, 40k What if I added that to someone's budget? Because if they're experiencing it, they can just serve that for me. Raise the bar. So I even have them. They're challenging me as well. And then time back, obviously they're they're taking stuff off your plate. And then the key takeaways, obviously, hiring for success, efficiency is crucial. References, obviously are big deal. Start with a scorecard, onboarding roadmap. Not all employees are equal. Double down on great people. Fire the bad people. Like where there's the best people spend more time with them. I'm spending around like I have eight direct reports. Maybe 60% of my time is just talking to them throughout the week and solving things, solving things with them. And then key takeaways, obviously, have to track them, you have to sell you have to win them over. And then a plus Team Drive exceptional results, invest your people. It's the greatest asset, obviously. And then some of the, some of the kind of bonuses. But this is the onboarding plan. This is some of the stuff that we do within the onboarding plan. And. The first two weeks. We don't talk to them. We just have them like, Listen, go in, see what's good. And then we have them actually come back with their own onboarding plan. And then I kind of match that with ours, and see how we're solving that together.

Speaker 1  25:12
And then the thing this is a nice one that we've been doing lately, whoever, but basically it's building a bench. So you we kind of, let's say we need only three PPC people. We're having four people in there. If we need, for example, two graphic designers, we're having three. It's extra cost, but also allows us to test new stuff without hurting the current operations. But then also, like, if someone has to leave, someone gets sick, there's someone there. And this is, this is kind of like a side point. And then finally, this is one that we also focus on there. It's the four R's. They use them obviously marketing, but we also use them in recruiting. So retention, repeat, make sure that you're obviously like you're this is obviously as customers. But for us employees, there's, they're always staying with you. They're coming back to do new challenges, they're referring other good people, and they're leaving you reviews. So for example, like glass door, indeed, when necessary to that's like one action item that you guys can do today, like we the top talent employees, they look at your glass door and indeed, how is your reviews on there? Is it good? Is it bad? And that's something that we're actually monitoring as well. And have your team right now ask them to leave reviews to the ones that like. But yes, so that's just some of the that was everything. So if anyone has any questions and answers, I hope I don't go over to hope. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:35
do you do dc,

Speaker 1  26:36
DTC, very little like maybe one person I just,

Speaker 2  26:41
I've been looking at high Well, I will answer my question. How do I find a good PDC person? Because PDC is so far out of my

Unknown Speaker  26:48
Yes. So that's

Speaker 1  26:49
where the that's a great question. Actually, that's where interviewing 6 million people becomes relevant. Talk to the top employees, just, Hey, can I grab a 30 minute call? I have a huge opportunity for you. 200,000 plus. If he is good, you're actually gonna hire him, but he gets attracted. You just chat with him 30 minutes. Yeah? Like you act like, you know, you kind of BS your way through it, but you actually hear the important stuff from him. And if you hear 672, 100k plus people say the same thing, then you know what to look for, and you maybe go back to them. So you learn from them. That's the kind of the biggest cheat code. Cheat code is you learn from the people you're interviewing, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:21
yeah. The higher. How long is it interview first time? Yeah. So, so it

Speaker 1  27:30
depends, honestly, is it entry level or executives? Entry levels? We try two weeks, three weeks to wrap things up. And so this is like a specialist, or whatever. Executives know, we're still very slow, two to three months later, well, they're already in a job, so we're just continuously chatting while they have a job. And I they're not actively looking so we're the only one they're speaking to too. So they're, they're, we're just talking to them as things go along.

Speaker 3  27:56
Yeah, how do you get to what you put in that offer letter? As far as, like, okay, you can have that awkward conversation of, like, how much money you got before, yeah, which is, like, very hard for people to answer, or they're going to shoot for the stars, right? So how do you get to that

Speaker 1  28:14
great question? So what we do in the first interview, one of the questions on the screening interview, so we don't waste our time, is, what salaries are you looking for? If they already say triple what we have. Thank you for your time. I'll speak to you later. We're not sending them to the next steps. We're flipping them on if they're within our range. We know where they're at, and we know that they're always over so we always come like below that, like, listen, we love you so much right now we're in growth mode. You said you want 100k How does 70k sound? They're gonna go, but they they've been so long and they like me that they're still gonna continue. That's why I have it over a call, if I send them an email, might never hear from them again. They're unlikely to just close in my face. So then we keep on going, and maybe we get like 85k plus unlimited paid time off. Then we just keep on going back and forth. So that's kind of the strategy that we use. So just anchor low, yeah. So for

Speaker 4  29:01
the benefits, do you have scamming benefits for all? Yeah, I'll go

Speaker 1  29:05
over some of our benefits. We offer life, sorry, health insurance, unlimited, paid time off. We offer this is actually valuable. So customer returns. We have a lot of SKUs. We have a lot of different items for a lot of people. So we offer them, like gifts. Just last week, gave one of our employees and Jim sunglasses. He absolutely loved them. So we that's kind of some of the benefits we offer, just like gifts, appreciation notes that are sometimes intangible. But then we're also offering bonuses and commission. So that's kind of the big ones. Health insurance. Now we're also looking at 401,

Speaker 4  29:35
k as well. So you don't PTO for overseas people as well, right? So

Speaker 1  29:39
we do offer unlimited PTO for overseas people. We got entry level employees. They don't know how to act first time they see something, so they act crazy and take a lot of it, but managers and we still offer to them. Now we're seeing here what we're going to do for entry level people. I'm reviewing with our EA and EHR manager, unlimited PTO.

Unknown Speaker  29:57
What the heck does that mean? I think so.

Speaker 1  30:00
Month. So that's the thing, good people, they they care about their job. They're not going to leave just for a month. Even when they leave, their phone is with them. They're checking on their reports like we had an employee, legitimately. I love this guy's name is John. He's our Grade B supervisor. Basically does the customer returns and he had to leave for a month. A month we paid him the whole month because he comes in at work 4am I'm not just going to get rid of him because he got sick for a month because but he loves to work and he's loyal, so I'm going to take care of him too, and that's what the high level people, you can offer them unlimited PTO, because they won't take advantage of it. They're not just looking to nickel and diamond. They actually care for the business and they want to grow. They're not just sitting on the laurels and looking to cash in

Speaker 4  30:39
the lead. Yeah, yeah, exactly yes, yes. And also a great

Unknown Speaker  30:45
thank you for retention. Yeah, we do that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:47
Another thing people work on vacation.

Speaker 5  30:51
Another thing your presentation made me realize, too, is because all of my key guys,

Unknown Speaker  30:56
almost all of them, I think three

Speaker 6  30:57
out of four of them, have had a up where they fuck something up, and all of them, I've noticed that quality, they just own their shit.

Unknown Speaker  31:05
Yes, they're constantly confident

Unknown Speaker  31:08
and able enough to just be like, I totally messed

Speaker 1  31:10
that up again. The reason they probably have stuff up is because they're trying new things, right? Someone is doing the same thing. He's never going to mess up. So it's kind of good

Speaker 2  31:19
and bad thing at the same time. I just noticed that quality, yes, good or bad. Percent, because other

Speaker 6  31:24
people that have fired, it's amazing. I can't get them to take responsibility. Yeah?

Speaker 7  31:28
And that's just, and they beat around the bush, they beat around the bush, and they try to pretend like didn't happen. Yeah?

Speaker 8  31:36
So yeah, one thing you mentioned was, and I've heard this before, this kind of question for kind of good for everybody. You mentioned first thing you think about hiring somebody just like, do it. Some of our employees that we love and that are awesome, we definitely thought about firing them at some point, like, early on. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:02
we're a little nervous to do that. So yeah, exactly

Speaker 8  32:06
like, there's people that we thought like first three weeks, like we're probably gonna hire the people.

Speaker 1  32:13
Let's just give them another month. They turn things around. So three weeks is not enough to to measure,

Speaker 6  32:18
and we usually get people train, wreck, fire. Months, and usually, maybe I'm the odd man out on this. I feel like, man first week or two, I feel like, usually you can tell if they're gonna be amazing or a shit show. Oh, you didn't

Unknown Speaker  32:32
fire someone after two weeks.

Unknown Speaker  32:39
I don't know. Maybe it's like,

Speaker 3  32:41
I think he's saying, like, if you have people, you've had a while, and you have this, like, nine, like, Are they good? Get rid

Speaker 1  32:53
of them. Sorry, the speed was it, it was also in the hiring process. So if someone's like, talking to five, six jobs, and you really like them, you probably have to speed things up. That's also the urgency is both ways, like during the hiring process as

Unknown Speaker  33:07
well. I agree with that, yeah, yeah. And sometimes you just know

Speaker 6  33:13
when someone's awesome and, like, you know, sometimes it's the first candidate, the second candidate, whatever, and you should just

Speaker 9  33:21
probably jump on them. Yeah. Alright, yeah. Actually, for both you guys on hiring, like, how do you do for your executives,

Speaker 6  33:26
like, a stock option plan or your incentive or, like, I've done profit share, if there's a quarterly profit growth, I've started with a lot of them to give them, like, 2% of profit growth.

Speaker 3  33:41
Yeah, I have zero benefits, like no health insurance, no nothing. We do unlimited PTO, just because, probably because we're cheap, we do unlimited PTO and quarterly profit sharing. But no employee knows how we do profit sharing. And actually, I was advised on that by John from Brazil, because they did disclose how they did it, and then it creates like drama. And then, how come this guy gets the Bucha so we don't disclose it's and it's very gut feel. How did this person perform in the last quarter? Did they contribute to our growth? It's not a set percentage of growth or anything like that. It's just that you make a bucket with a certain amount of money in it, and then we just divvy up percentages by people and tenure, like, a lot of things play into it. And, you know, our sea levels get the majority of it, but we don't offer any other

Speaker 4  34:54
benefits at all. There's, there's kind of like a bonus, right? Fauci, yeah.

Speaker 3  34:58
I mean, yeah. First. Right, correct. But we call it product sharing, as they ask how it's figured out, figured out exactly how we want to figure it out. We don't tell them. No one has ever asked that. Really, really, never Alright, nope, yeah. And sometimes we don't, some quarters we don't do it, like q3 we rarely do it because, like, all of our money is deployed on q4 inventory. So there's not, like, some excess going on at that time maybe. So it's completely arbitrary

Unknown Speaker  35:42
COVID. You gave I don't know 10,

Speaker 3  35:45
because when we hire we don't talk about profit sharing. We only talk about their salary and unlimited PTO. And if they're not happy with that, then we don't hire them. So when they do get profit sharing, we only do profit sharing after they've been on for at least three months. It's like an unexpected thing, and then, of course, they get used to it. But

Speaker 10  36:08
it's not, it's not in their offer letter at all. Yeah, my three, three of my amazing guys, asked for a raise with it like six times

Unknown Speaker  36:19
you pay people very well.

Speaker 10  36:23
You're awesome. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai