Speaker 1  00:01
Here we are. Welcome everyone. We have Meher here from Hector, and he's going to talk about their offer. Mostly, thanks for being here.

Unknown Speaker  00:12
Yeah, thanks a

Speaker 2  00:13
lot. Thanks a lot bidding. So Hi guys. My name is Meher more than the offer. I'm more interested in sharing the value today that we can discuss, and it is largely to do with Amazon DSP and also Amazon Marketing Cloud. So how could you combine the aspect of Amazon DSP along with Amazon Marketing Cloud to accelerate your growth on Amazon, which you can also combine it with sponsored ads at this very moment, right? It's been more than a year that Amazon Marketing Cloud has been in existence, but how many of us are using it, leveraging it to the best of its capabilities, is it's not there at this moment. And obviously the Amazon DSP has evolved, has changed massively in the last one year. So how well are we leveraging that platform also is is more important, and today's next 45 minutes to one hour, we're going to spend that time to understand that. How can we make the best use of that platform? To give a small introduction, you know about myself, Meher. I'm the founder of an agency which is neon digital media. We're based out of India. We have a team of almost 50 people who manage advertising spends across the board. And the platform, which is Hector, is filled with care, and, you know, a lot of interest with me and my team. And it's been 10 months that we have launched our platform to as a SaaS platform within India, we manage upwards of four to $5 million of ad spend at this moment, within India's ecosystem of advertising spends, we've recently launched our platform in the US. We also have a large amount of advertising spends being managed in the US as well, right? So we're gonna we can keep this one conversation very interactive. So guys, if you have any questions on the go, when I present, I'm sure you will feel free to just raise your hand. My team will just shoot that question to me, and I'll be happy to answer that. Yeah, I'm gonna share my screen just quickly. I'm gonna play a small video about the platform so that you can just get the entire context of who we are, so that it just makes more sense.

Unknown Speaker  02:29
Okay, I think I need to share with the option of

Speaker 3  02:34
what you said. Nina shared, okay, it is there

Speaker 4  02:39
cool the world of Amazon ads is evolving, and we're leading the revolution. Missed opportunities, under utilized Amazon DSP restrictions to Amazon Marketing Cloud, delayed data, wasted budgets, manual reporting on sheets and scattered reports across platforms. Not anymore. Meet Hector, the ultimate unified dashboard for Amazon advertisers. Get real time advertising vendor and seller insights. Calculate organic share for every asin every day. Use Smart Search to instantly find optimization opportunities, keyword harvesting, keyword negation and statewide sales data right at your fingertips, automate bids, budgets, status and placements based on custom rules. Automatically Add and negate search terms with custom rules. Optimize your campaigns with cross linked dashboards and day parting insights, uncover deep insights like time and path to conversion, multi touch attribution and a lot more from AMC, use these insights to create lookalike audiences or create your custom audience based on search term. Add to cart at high value customers, push these audiences to Amazon DSP automatically to successfully run up full funnel ad campaigns from startups to global brands and advertisers trust Hector to simplify ads optimization, go beyond sponsored ads with Hector. Hector scale profitably. Sign up today.

Unknown Speaker  04:13
Thank you for watching the video. Guys just gonna present spring,

Speaker 2  04:20
so we're not going to talk about the ads optimization platform today. We're going to largely spend a lot of time on deep diving into the capabilities of Amazon, DSP and AMC. How could you marry that to to see the growth on Amazon and also on a brand website that you possibly have, and how do you want to bring traffic to that website? And how do you want to grow on your website business as well? Right? So that's a large agenda for us to cover, so I'm going to quickly breeze through most of the points. In case that you guys have any questions, feel free to just, you know, give a shout out. Happy to help. Happy to answer that. Yeah, as I mentioned, I. This is about us, me and my wife. We started this as an agency. We've moved beyond agency being building a tool. We're an advanced partner with Amazon as well, and largely, we manage a few of the very recent MDS members as well, including beauty buyer. We also have Dell strong. We have happy, not happy go and stuff like a few of the brands. Yeah, on. So at this moment, the Amazon DSP ecosystem is not available with everybody, right? So when you want to go out and do and run an Amazon campaign, you have to reach out to agencies who would possibly give you an Amazon DSP account at a particular spend limit that you will have to, you know, cater to so they will possibly ask you to spend around $5,000 $3,000 or maybe more. And there will be a percentage of platform fee, there will be a percentage of ad spend. Now that's something that we've disrupted. Now we offer pay as you go, self serve DSP platform to you on Hector, which means that you can sign in. I mean, you can sign up today, you can request for a DSP account for free, and 48 hours, you will have a live DSP account at no cost, no platform fee. You can recharge your wallet to as low as $100 and you can run your campaigns directly. We do not charge for the first $10,000 of advertising spends to the MDS members at this very moment. So if you end up spending 10,000 rupees in the first three months of signing up on Hector, it's absolutely free. You're not going to be charged any platform fee. There is no fixed fee. You're going to run the campaign yourself. There is no cost of cost from our site. However, if you don't end up spending any amount, or it extends to three months. After three months, there's $100 of fixed fee that we charge you, or there is a 3% of flat charge, whichever is higher you're going to be charged on that. So that's something that you will get if you sign up on Hector for DSP on in addition to that, you will also get access to the insights that we have. We have path to conversion. We've got time to conversion. We've got custom attribution reports on AMC, and we allow you to create easy self serve audiences by yourself. So no SQL queries. You can just click touch. You can say, add to carts. DPV, you know, Add to List audiences, any of these audiences in the last seven days, 30 days, 14 days, you can create those audience, search term audience, all of those audiences can be created and pushed into your sponsored ads account. Can also be pushed, obviously, into DSP as well, and you can run your campaigns on those audience as well. So all of this comes to you at no cost at all for all the FDS members today. Yeah. So fundamentally, what is DSP? So DSP is a programmatic platform offered by Amazon, which allows you to actually create campaigns by using any of their existing audiences, which are transactional, deterministic, audience which Amazon has, which could be your category, audience, which you possibly see in sponsored display, or you can create lot of custom audiences within the DSP ecosystem, such as your competitor product viewers, competitor product purchasers, a competitor brand purchases, or viewers, the entire brand, or a category level purchasers. And you can actually target those people on Amazon and off Amazon. So fundamentally, when you're targeting them on Amazon. You can actually have that person after they click on an on Amazon ad to take them to your brand store, or take them to the home page of Amazon or directly to your product page. So that's something which you can do if you're running an on Amazon campaign, if you're running an off Amazon campaign, which is fundamentally a 3p campaign, which wherein you can take the same audience, you can run a 3p campaign which is taking and showing your ads outside of Amazon, and in that case, you can bring the people back to your product page, and you can also take them to your website. So that's a very, very large difference between another programmatic platform to this platform, which is you get to see or you get to run campaigns on transactional, deterministic audiences, and you can actually show your ad on Amazon, off Amazon, and you can bring that person to your website and back to Amazon as well. So to give you a give you a perspective, fundamentally, if you understand that any of your users who are currently on Amazon goes on Amazon to buy stuff on Amazon, what percentage of their internet time will they be spending on Amazon? I wouldn't I can guess it is not going to be more than 20% of their internet time that. They're going to spend on Amazon, right so the rest of the time when they are spending on internet, it's outside Amazon. So if you want to do a retargeting campaign, which you possibly must be doing on Amazon right now, through sponsored display campaign, you were actually waiting for that person to come back on Amazon and for them to see your ad. But with Amazon DSP, you can take that same audience, and if they are outside Amazon, you can actually show them the ad outside Amazon as well, and you can bring them back, if they are in the book, middle of the funnel, or if they are in the bottom of the funnel, you will have them to come back to your product page and get them, get them a chance to buy your product. So that's the difference, and that is where some rules is that you should actually spend 10% of your total sponsor ad spends in your DSP re targeting campaign, which will allow you to bring the customers back. Because I'm sure that everybody is hovering between a 3% to a 10% in a best case scenario, 15% conversion rate. So we still have 85% of the people who actually come to our product page but don't end up buying a product. So these are the customers which you have an opportunity to create those audience to push them into your DSP campaign and run a small budget campaigns with them, and now you have an opportunity where you don't have to commit a lot of money. You can start your campaign as low as $100 right?

Unknown Speaker  11:28
So now, apart

Speaker 2  11:30
from when you're running your DSP campaign, one of the things that I mentioned that you can actually take your audience to your brand website, right? So I'm guessing that most of you also have a brand website. Most of you also have your own job, you know, website where you bring traffic from meta, Tik Tok, affiliate, SMS, email, a lot of places from where you bring the traffic to your website. And obviously you see a certain conversion rate. Now, with the help of Amazon, DSP, as I mentioned, you have most of these audiences, which you can use and show your ad outside of Amazon and take them to your brand website as well. Now, just like the way you do it on Google and Facebook, you have a pixel Amazon also gives you an Amazon ad tag, which is called a 80. Now, fundamentally, this pixel lands on your website you'll have to integrate and just the way you integrate your Facebook pixel and Google Pixel, you integrate this pixel onto your website, and then once this pixel is integrated, Amazon's campaign, DSP campaigns that you're running, you will be able to give that learning back to the Amazon campaign, and it will start giving you opportunity to run your ROAs based campaigns. And Amazon will also allow you to do a lot of audience creation with this audience. And with the power of AMC, you can also understand a lot of overlapping audiences, so you will be able to understand that what percentage of your total audiences which purchased on your website ended up seeing your product in Amazon as well, and vice versa, right? If you see that, what percentage of your people who purchased on Amazon actually have visited your website as well, or probably have purchased on your website as well in the last number of days that you possibly want to see so the Amazon ad tech is something which enables this opportunity for you to give the learning back to Amazon so that you can optimize your campaign, and you can, you know, run your bidding strategy based on ROAs as well. You can also create audiences based on the tag, which the events that you create, which could also be a full funnel, events, which could be people landing on your home page, people landing on your product page, people doing Add to Cart, people doing a checkout but not purchased, and also people who are purchasing. So you can create those audiences with the power of DSP. You can also create these audience within AMC, and you can again run campaigns or see the insights generated from this. So these are the fundamental features which I just spelled out, it's mentioned in these slides, and what are the typical kind of people who should be using this? And you know, how could you unlock this? Amazon tech is basically for sellers who have brand website, who are spending a lot of money to bring traffic to your website. You're using Google meta, tick, tock, or any other ways to bring traffic to your website. It is for you to 100% make sure that you try Amazon, DSP to bring traffic to your website as well. Right now, the brand website, ROAs is bad, and you have seen some sort of relevant audience types on these walled gardens. I mean, you've exhausted the relevant audiences, right? Most of your niche may not have a specific in market audience or an affinity audience, which on these platforms, and you're only running most of your campaigns with local like audiences. So if you see stagnation there, this is a time that you should actually explore Amazon, tsp as well, right? So it just allows you to repeat. To increase your repeat rates as well, because you're doing an omni channel approach, where you are making sure that your ads are seen wherever your customers are. So this is something which will help you, and obviously, most of the insights comes to within AMC, which you can leverage as well and understand your customer acquisition journey throughout the way. Now why should you choose Amazon Hector DSP is what I mentioned. There's no upfront fee, there is no minimum spend requirement, and you can get started as soon as 48 hours from now. Now, what do you get as within the Amazon DSP on Hector, right? So first you pay as you go. You are not doing any upfront charge. You can start with $100 you can run $100 campaign, and you can go on we give you a complete live reporting. So you have a live reporting on the Hector dashboard so far, far deeper than what an Amazon own ad console may give you. So you will get a large insights related to the entire funnel of the campaign, starting from the impression to viewable impression to clicks to CTR to CPC to conversion rate, to add to cart, to add to list, to new to brand, to new to brand, ROAs to total ROAs, all of those things, and including video completion rate, video rate, and all of those things you can also do self serve audience creation, right? So we give you a self serve audience creation without writing a single piece of code, you can actually create audiences as well. So how do you really start? You start with signing up, you request for a DSP account creation, you recharge your wallet, you launch your campaign, and you start looking at your reports, and you start optimizing your campaigns for a higher ROAs, right? So fundamentally, you just, I mean, the flow goes, you look at you choose the goal. So you want to do like a top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, or the bottom of the funnel campaign. You choose your conversion tracking. So if you're, if you're choosing a product, or if you're doing a 3p you know, campaign, which is taking your traffic outside Amazon. Then you can choose a conversion tracking if you'd like to put your name of the campaign, put a budget, and then create your campaign, which allows you to choose the media. Allows you to choose the inventory, the audience. You can do location targeting. So unlike on your sponsored ad campaign, I'm sure most of you are have a Seller Central. So with the help of Seller Central, you actually get to see that which region is working for you, which state, which city is working for you. So actually you can do a precise targeting within that city as well, within that state as well. You can start optimizing for placements as well. So for domains as well. So if there are certain domains in due course of time, if you start looking at those domains, and these domains are spending money, but not giving you the CTR or conversion rate, you can start excluding, excluding them from the Hector dashboard directly, so that you start optimizing just the way you do your keyword negation. You can start doing that on Hector directly. You can do contextual targeting, just like you do product targeting, and you do the contextual targeting and sponsored display. You can choose to do that in case, if you don't want to do audience targeting, you can do contextual targeting. You can choose and decide your own budget. You can decide your own CPM, and then, obviously, you decide your product, you decide your creatives, which could be three types of creative. You can do a static, you can do a video creative, and you can also do Amazon own product creative as well, right? So that's the flow of how you could create campaign and ad group. I do want to take a pause in case of any questions. Happy to answer guys,

Unknown Speaker  18:40
yeah. Should I go ahead?

Speaker 2  18:43
Feels like, Yeah, super. So this is the way it is. You look at this is the Hector dashboard. You look at your you know your wallet that how much balance is there. So you can create your campaigns based on the wallet balance that you have. You choose your goals that you want to do, like I said, the top of the funnel, middle funnel, or the bottom of the funnel. You look at what sort of KPIs that you want to measure, that you want to consider for this campaign you choose that you choose between display and video. And the most important part is that, how do you measure the performance for your campaigns, for your ad groups, for your creatives, for your audience, for your regions, for your placements and for your supply source, right? So each of these, you know, levers that you have that you want to optimize for, you can actually look at it based on summary message, see that they can promote their website to twitch through DSP, yeah, absolutely you can, yeah. So Twitch is one of the placements that you can consider using while you're running your campaign. So you can definitely use Twitch as one of the placements for you to promote your campaigns, and you can see how Twitch is performing for you on in in comparison to the other, you know, platforms and the placements. So when you look at your. You know your your campaigns, or your ad groups, which has a certain types of audience, or you look at most of the audiences that you're looking at, or an inventory, or any of those things, you can literally be able to look at each of these metrics at each funnel level. So that you can start optimizing for CTR, for brand search rate, for cost per brand search, right? So say, for instance, you don't have enough brand search. You want to just understand that if you're running a video campaign, how many people after watching your video is actually doing a brand search. You can actually attribute that brand search to the video that you ran, and you can start looking at what is the cost per brand search that you're getting, and if that cost per brand search matches your expectation, you can run more of those video campaigns. You can run those city level campaigns, and you can actually see that which city is more relevant to your cost per brand search. So if you say, if you see California as giving you a better cost per brand search, you may want to increase your budget in California, right? If you see Texas, you can actually increase your budget within within Texas to see your cost per brand search very which is optimizing for you, right? So you can start optimizing for each of these key matrix. It could be for cost, it could be for a rate. So you could optimize it for NTB purchase rate, so you could see a certain supply source, a certain inventory, a certain placement, or certain contextual targeting that you're doing a certain audience is giving you a very high NTB purchase rate, right? So you want to start double downing on that audience or that inventory for your for that matter, right? If you see more of a repeat rate coming from a certain types of essence, certain types of category of product, you can start double downing on that as well. So all of these metrics are available to you on each of these attributes that you're optimizing for, right? So, so that's very, very powerful. You don't get this data. You'll have to download these data from the Amazon ad console of DSP. You'll have to put these calculation matrix into your Excel sheet in order for you to do this. But on Hector, you can do this seamlessly, right? So that's that's very important. Now, as I mentioned that you could do this at campaign level, geography level, technology, you can do this at a you know what sort of a phone or a laptop, sort of a person or browser the person is using. You can optimize it for that as well. You can look at placements, and you can look at supply sources and apps and domains. So if you're like somebody asked for Twitch, right? So you can look at that, which app, which other app you're getting a better CTR, which other app you're getting a better conversion rate, and you can start optimizing for that as well. So fundamentally, the way we spend and invest our time to optimize keywords in our sponsored ads. If you start investing 50% of that time into optimizing your DSP campaigns, I can assure you that you're going to see a similar or better performance once you look at this, right, once you explore this. So, yeah, that's there. Then let's look at Amazon Marketing Cloud, right? So within Amazon Marketing Cloud, there are two things that Amazon Marketing Cloud does, right? So one part is that Amazon Marketing Cloud gives you insights. So it allows you to start looking at things that you have never seen before in that perspective, right? So it allows you to see time to conversion. It allows you to see that which campaign which asin, which type of, you know campaign type as what time to conversion after the click that the person is user has seen, right? So most of the time we live in this dilemma that you know, it takes 30 days for me to get, you know, 80% of my total orders right. You'll be surprised to see most of the you know data that I see, I see that almost like 70% of the total orders that are you that a brand gets is within the first 48 hours, right? So, so it's, it's gonna change the way you are optimizing your campaigns, right? So you do, you will not. You will stop waiting for 714, days for you to see a goodness before you make any changes. Right? Now, you're making changes. You're waiting to make changes in seven or 14 days. You don't do it because you feel that you're going to see some goodness after the attribution period comes in or kicks in. But if you start looking at this data, you're going to start taking those decisions in a timely manner. The other important thing is path to conversion, right? So path to conversion. Again, you currently do not invest enough money in all the campaign types, which includes your sponsored brand, sponsored display and DSP, fundamentally, because you do not see a good ROAs in the front of it, right at the face of it. And largely the reason why you don't see it is because, you know, it all boils down to the touch point of the conversion, right? So we all live in the last touch attribution ecosystem, right? So Amazon or meta, or any of these platforms that we're looking at, everybody shows us data based on last touch attribution. But anything. Before the last touch, which contributes to that final conversion, or conversion rate. We all miss that game, right? So in order for us to see that, in order for us to for you to understand that when a sponsored brand or a sponsored display or a DSP, when it kicks into the path to conversion, does your conversion rate increase, and if your conversion rate seems to increase the moment you see x number of users see your ad only sponsored product, your conversion rate at 3% but when you see that, when sponsored product and sponsored brand comes in together, that 3% moves to four and a half percent, what it actually tells you it's time for you to start adding media dollars to your sponsor brand as well, right? So I have few questions, if you already have an agency run DSP for us, we are still able to create an account with Hector and run DSP on Hector on our own before we decide to do fully in house. Yeah, absolutely so. So no matter you know, if you have another DSP, you know, vendor, you're running your DSP campaign with anybody else, you feel free to create a new DSP account with us. You can do a self serve by yourself. And then if you feel that you are able to see better results than what you are getting right now, then feel free to take care of this. I mean, be happy to help you set up your account and also help you with the first few campaigns that you're creating. Jill, yeah, I hope that answers your question super so you can also get few insights, such as lifetime value. So you can actually, literally find out what is the total number of users and what is the average lifetime value of a customer, which you know, which ends up spending a certain amount of money for you. So you start, you know, increasing your your horizon, to invest more for a conversion. So currently, you may be looking at, you know, a $10 as your conversion cost per acquisition cost. But when you look at a lifetime value, you will understand that you know a lifetime, in a lifetime, average user gives you $40 so if you if you understand that you're getting $40 from an average user who buys from you, then you actually know that you can increase your investment to a cost of acquisition from 10 to 15 or even to 20, depending on Your appetite. But currently, because you don't know that, you refrain from investing that sort of an amount, right? So that's the first piece of Amazon Marketing Cloud guys, where you get insights which you actually don't see right now. The other is you can create audience now, one of the classic and the one of the best things you know, which will just blow your mind off when you look at the type of audiences that you can create, the first one is the search term based audience. Now, fundamentally, if you really look at it, if you go to your account, and if you look at what your CTR is, right, we don't get more than 1% CTR right. So in in the best case scenario, if you have a celebrity, you will end up seeing a 2% CTR right. Let's say that you get a 2% CDR. What it actually means that 98% of the people who search for your product saw your ad, did not click on your ad, right? So if you're getting a 2% CTR, means the person saw your ad but did not click on your ad, right? We're going to keep the argument of viewable impressions and impression on the side at this moment, but we at least know that the person searched for the product that you're selling, and you did not get 98% of those people clicking your ad. Now the question is, do you want to go after those 98% of the people who search for the product that you're selling, including your brand search, by the way, right? So say, for instance, for brand search, you may get a little better CDR, but even in that case, do you want to go after those people who search but did not click because they had an intent, but they didn't end up clicking your ad or your product, right? So the answer is yes, you want to go after those people. Can you go after those people today? The answer is no, you cannot, right? Can you go after these people after you have Amazon Marketing Cloud? The answer is yes. So what is it that you can do? You can actually create a search term based audiences, where you can literally say that hair sit on as a phrase, match whoever search for it in the last seven days, you want to create an audience of those people. Now, what happens when you create an audience of those people? You can actually push this audience into your DSP account, and the best part very recently, is that you can now push this audience into your sponsored ads account as well, which includes that you can push this audience in SP, SB, St. Now what happens when you push these audiences into these accounts, into sponsored ads, you can actually create increase your bid adjustments for those accounts. So this is the way you can create your search term based audiences. This is how you can see your AMC audience within the. ESP, ecosystem. I'm sorry I'm speaking more than showing you, but this is the way you can create your Add to Cart. Audience, you can just choose your date range. You can choose your categorization based ASINs that you created campaigns, and you can create your Add to Cart. Audience, here, this is Add to Cart, but not purchased. You can do that out here as well. And then this is again, add to list, but not purchase. So you can do that as well. So people who have added your product to the list by wish list, but they have not purchased it yet, you can create an audience out of those people. You can create an audience of the people within your sponsored ads and DSP who have seen a viewable impression but has not clicked, right? So there is a difference between a viewable impression and an impression. A viewable impression is where the person has at least seen 50% of your image for one second. An impression is just that your your product, your image, got loaded onto the browser page. Doesn't really matter if the person has seen it or not seen it, but if the person has seen a viewable impression has happened, but he has not clicked. You can actually create an audience out of those people as well, right? You can also create look alike audience. So I'm sure most of you run your meta campaign. So to be create look alike audience, or the people who have purchased from you, people who have done more than one purchase from you, you can create a look alike audience of those people, people who have purchased for more than $40 of product from you. You can create a lookalike audience of those people as well, right? And this is where you can push your audience into sponsored ads account, and you can choose these audience and you can choose to increase your bid percentage, just the way you increase your bid percentage in the placement level, top of the search, you can actually increase your bid percentage for this audience. So say, for instance, you created an audience of the people who added your product to the Kat but did not purchase. You can create this audience in AMC. You can push it to your broad match campaign or your auto campaign. Now what happens is, when you see this option in the bid adjustment, you see this audience, you can come here, and you can choose that audience, add to cart, not purchase, and you can choose to increase your bid by 100% now what really is going to happen is, if your bid is $2 and if you've chosen to increase your bid by $100 100% that means that anybody who has added your product to the Kat and not purchased happens to do that same broad keyword search related to your product. And if he sees anything is doing that search, you are telling Amazon that you are ready to pay $4 for that click if that customer is searching for your product again, so it could be your brand searchers but not clicked, it could be your product searchers but not clicked. It could also be add to cart but not purchase. So any of these audiences you can actually create, and you can choose to increase your bid percentage for those people. So there are first time searchers, there are multi time searchers as well, right? So who's searching for the second time? You can at least choose to increase your bid because they have a higher intent than the person who's just searching for the first time, right? So that's that's a possibility that you can see, you can also see these audience in your sponsored display campaigns. And now what happens is, within Hector, we allow you to not just push the audience into the sponsored ads ecosystem. We also allow you to look at your performance of those audiences. So if you look at these, you know, add to cart, but not purchase the ROAs is almost like a $12.12 ROAs, right? This is Add to Cart audiences in the last 14 days. It's like 1010, ROAs, again, all of these keyword based audiences, generic search nine, nine ROAs. Now this account, if you really look at it, the AMC audience is giving a 10 ROAs. But if you look at this account on the overall level, this account gives a five to six ROAs. But when you push this audience into AMC, even though you are paying a higher CPC, your conversion rate is very high, and it helps you increase your better your OS in that case, right, fundamentally, right. It will increase your conversion rate because your audience are more relevant for you

Speaker 2  34:13
super so you can. What you can also do is you can just add these audience directly. So once you create a multiple audience. You can choose the campaign in which you want to add the audience, and once you choose the campaigns in bulk, so you can choose like all the broad campaigns, you can choose exact campaigns as well. For that matter, you can also choose your auto campaigns, and you can add a particular type of audience to all these campaigns in one shot, right? So this allows you to do that live onto Hector platform. And again, when you choose this audience, you'll be able to see the performance. You can adjust your bids for that audience, and you can take it forward from that, right? I spoke about a few of the AMC insights. So yes, you can do like a multi touch attribution. So what it means is, like I explained you that we live in the last touch at. Distribution ecosystem, so you are only seeing the performance of a sponsored brand or a sponsored display or a DSP campaign with its last touch attribution. What if I tell you that you can now see your sponsored brand and sponsored display and even your DSP campaign with the first touch attribution? What it means is you'll be able to see the ROAs of your sponsored brand campaign, of the people who saw your ad, who were introduced to your brand first time by the sponsored brand campaign, but they ended up buying through a sponsored product campaign, right? So you'll be able to understand that your sponsored brand, when it comes to first touch attribution, is actually giving you far better ROAs than even your last touch attributed sponsored product, keyword, targeted campaign. So if you start looking at that numbers, your confidence on your sponsored brand and display and your DSP campaigns will increase, and you'll start investing in the right manner on the backup data, right? So that's important for you. Time to conversion, part to conversion, new to brand customers, you'll be able to see what the cost of new to brand customers is and lifetime value as I discuss right full funnel strategy. So you can obviously run the entire awareness campaigns out here. So you have a lot of opportunity to start looking at a large audience from the set of like search term audience which I explained you, which are very top of the funnel, audiences which has never engaged with your product, but you want to start looking at them and targeting them. You can do that from the from the DSP campaign. You can also look at consideration audiences, people who have visited your product page but not added your product to the cart or not purchased your product. Obviously. You can also look at people who have added your product to the list but have not purchased. So again, you can create these audience through AMC. You can target those people. And finally, the conversion you know, audiences people who have purchased, or people who have added your product to the card but not purchased. So you can target those people from your DSP campaign. And lastly, you can also do a lot of retention as well, right? So people who purchase, and you know that, you know your product gets consumed in the 30 days time frame. So you can start looking at people who purchase in the last 180 days, minus 30 days, and you can start targeting those people. If you start targeting those people, you will see your repeat rates getting better, yeah, and again, when you're running all of these campaigns, there are different campaigns you should be running. I'm sure you understand that piece. And when you're running these campaigns at a different type of campaign with different audiences, you'll be able to start measuring your performance based on that. So when you're looking at your awareness campaign, you're going to not look at a conversion rate. You're going to see your cost per, you know, reach. You're going to see your, you know, your CTR, all those things, right? So that's something that you can start measuring at a full funnel level. AMC and DST works together along with sponsored ads guys. So it helps you expand your audiences. It helps you collect your data with the aspect of Amazon tag and obviously being part of the same ecosystem within Amazon, you can collect and you can see a lot of data together. You can combine your first party data within AMC as well, and start looking at overlapping audiences, and start choosing those audiences which has come, which has seen your product, both on Amazon and on your website, but that's not purchase, right? So you can create audiences like that as well. You can be creative, as creative as you want. And finally, you know the I'm going to wrap up this, this conversation. So as I mentioned, you have the opportunity sign up for the first $10,000 or the first three months, whichever comes early. You have no cost at all. The entire platform is is at no cost to you post that. It's either $100 or 3% of your ad spend. So you have the time for you to explore, learn, do this yourself. We are happy. We are there. We are available on Slack. We are available to speak to you, and we can help you navigate this journey together, right? Your first three months on AMC audience creation is also there, so you can start using your AMC audience creation as well explore that. And thank you. Any questions? Happy to help guys.

Unknown Speaker  39:15
That was a marathon.

Speaker 5  39:18
So there is a question you can have a look at the question one. Okay,

Speaker 3  39:24
sure, no, that I answered right. That's Jill, right. So I answered Jill, yeah.

Speaker 2  39:30
Any other question guys, you guys need anything, any particular thing that I can discuss, anything that you want to expand on, that you want me to expand on. I cool looks like, I think the audience is educated enough, and they've got the bit of it after signing up. Yes, Jill, after signing up, how we connect with Hector to get help on Slack. So, you know, happy to. Once you sign up, there's an opportunity for you to book a demo with us, and it's just there on the on the top right. So I'll just take you through it right now. So by the way, this is the dashboard for you guys to have a look. This is a live dashboard. You'll be able to see the all of those things that I told you, like you know your total sales, your OS and everything. You can see it all your you can create your campaigns from your you can recharge your wallet from your you can see your ad groups. You can do your audience creation from your you can also create your creatives from your and you can see your full fledged reports from your these are all your reports, which is your campaign, geography, audience, technology, product and inventory report. The best part is that I've not covered is that we have recently also launched rule based automation for your DSP campaign, so you can create a rule where you could say that a certain placement after spending $20 has not given you a single order. You want to exclude that placement from your campaign. So you can do that right. So you can say that if you spend more money on the city. So you may want to run like all you know, all state level or complete state level campaign, and you want to understand that a certain city within the state is not performing for you, you can create a rule saying that if this city spends more than again $20 does not give you a single order. You may want to exclude that city from the campaign. So as I said, you know, if you invest a dedicated amount of same intelligence that you give to your keyword targeting and your sponsored ads campaign, you'll be able to see a lot of goodness from your TSP as well, right? So can you show the price screen one more time? And offer is that you need to spend 10k in payments, no no pizza. You don't need to spend 10k you can spend any amount of money. You can spend $100 in the next three months. We have no problems with that, right? So this, there's no mandatory to the kind of money that you want to spend. And we're going to share this landing page with you, which will be easy for this is a specific landing page that we've created for you guys now. But this is for sponsored ads. I'll just show you the DSP one. So this is what it is. So no platform fee, plus free AMC audience creation for the first $10,000 in DSP spends or three months, whichever comes first. So to answer your question, Pete and Jill and pay $100 per month, or 3% of the ad spend, whichever is higher after the first three months. Yeah, so have you you have no commitment to spend any sort of a committed dollars with us. When you sign up on this right, and it's easy, you can just click here, and you can just sign up from your you'll be navigating to a demo sign up page where you can request for your account and we'll be creating your DSP account. It will take us 48 hours for us to create a DSP account for you. Once that DSP account is created, you will be informed. I mean, you can sign up and you can see your DSP account is live. Once your DSP account is live, you can recharge your wallet and you can start running the campaigns, right? So can we target an audience that visited a certain website of Amazon and now is searching on Amazon? Not really. David, I understand that you can do that in Google ads, page visitor or a website visitor, but unfortunately, you can't do that here. What you can actually do is, if that, if that domain is part of the inventory list, and if you are able to see that inventory list, you can actually, you know, you can't target one inventory, but you can start, you know, putting that as part of a bunch of inventory together, and you can increase your budget for that, but, yeah, you can't really target one particular

Unknown Speaker  44:10
website visitors.

Unknown Speaker  44:13
If that answers your question, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:16
any other question, guys,

Speaker 2  44:21
can we target an audience that will answer no, thank you. Thanks. David, yeah, thanks a lot. Super. So this is there, and there's another landing page, which we'll also share in case if you're interested, for product demo as well, we have a very different way of how we approach our customers for sponsored ads. We don't charge a percentage of ad spend. Neither do we charge for ASINs, number of ASINs. So no matter how many number of ASINs you have, no matter what you spend today, what you spend in the next six months or next 12 months, we don't increase our price. We give you a flat price on our platform. Our platform is the most. Comprehensive platform that you would you could possibly find, and I can bet you on that we have a full stack, including your entire rule based automation day parting, AMC, DSP and all of those things that I explained. We have a training course for those who sign up, like from the basic to some recommendation strategies. So good question, Christopher, what we do as part of offers of our ecosystem of Hector is that we believe that it's a partnership, right? So when you sign up on Hector, will you firstly get assigned an account manager, and that Account Manager works with you to help you leverage the platform effectively, right? Because I don't, I don't see a, you know, a behavior that we've given a platform, and it just the opposite. Person can just take it up on the fly. So we partner with you. We help you learn the platform. We make sure that you leverage, you use the rules. You use the day starting. You use platform effectively to get your answers from the to see results from that platform. On top of it, when it comes to training, we have weekly webinars, Christopher and you're, you're welcome on in those webinars. And what we and these are weekly webinars, right? So you can imagine there are, there are repetitive conversations, and also there are new conversation so we share best practices. So what are the best of the rules that my team has run as well? Because we are we are an agency as well. So there are few things that my team learns on the go. So when we learn and we see results, we would love to share that in our webinars. We do that we share what our other customers have seen as a result of any of the things that they have done. And obviously, if you have new team member who have moved on, you have a new person they want to get hooked on to what Hector can do. We have our weekly webinars, which allows any new sign up which comes in, we take them through a complete walkthrough of the platform so you will never miss out a training, or even when you have a new person, that person will not miss out on any intellectuals, conversations related to ADS optimization.

Speaker 3  47:13
Yeah, I hope that answers your question. Christopher, yeah. Super, thanks. Yeah. Cool. Very silent group. The talk on messages, interesting?

Unknown Speaker  47:24
Anything else? Guys happy to answer,

Speaker 2  47:28
and we are available on slack as well. I can give you my email id out here, guys,

Unknown Speaker  47:39
that's my email ID on Slack,

Speaker 3  47:43
okay, I'm doing a direct message to group chat. Let me do a group chat that went to one person,

Speaker 2  47:55
and yeah, I mean, you can reach out to your spoke in MDS, if anybody wants to reach out or any help that you may want, happy to check it out from there, how can we sign up? Oh, yeah, absolutely sorry. So

Speaker 3  48:14
I can do for these sponsored ads. This is the link and for tsp and AMC both together, is here.

Unknown Speaker  48:30
Here do we have to

Speaker 5  48:35
I'm sorry, Mary, I pasted the wrong link. I've messaged you the right link, please. If you can just do the correction,

Speaker 2  48:43
sure, why don't you paste it yours and sorry. Okay, I'll do that right away. Yeah, cool. I'll delete mine, so you do yours. Yeah, do we have a decent knowledge on running PPC to be able to successful to run DSP on our own, Jill, if you're running meta, if you run Google,

Unknown Speaker  49:08
you're on you're on your own.

Speaker 2  49:11
You can do this by yourself. And trust me, if you need any help, reach out to us. We're happy to jump on a call with you. We're going to help you navigate that piece as well, and we have a solid team. We've got Anjum year, we've got Vinod here, as

Unknown Speaker  49:29
you guys can hear me right,

Speaker 2  49:33
yeah, so we've got Anjum year, we've got Vinod here, part of our team, and they both are ex Amazon who have spent like five to seven years managing DSP and programmatic platform with Amazon, we've just got them on board to to help our clients with GSP campaigns, right? So happy to help, help you guys with that. Yeah, so reach out to us. We can. We can take it forward. There you. Surya, are you? Are you putting a message for the link?

Unknown Speaker  50:05
It's merit send for both.

Unknown Speaker  50:08
Oh, I can't see it.

Speaker 1  50:11
No, it's not there. Maybe you're not sending it to the whole group chat. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  50:16
Surya, you need to do it to a group chat.

Unknown Speaker  50:22
Okay? Just drink it right there.

Speaker 1  50:27
Okay, okay, this. This was great. I'm so glad that we had you here. And hopefully everyone can sign up if they're interested in it. And thank you all for being here. You have mirrors contact information in case you need him for any other questions that might come up as you process this whole call. And yeah, we'll be in touch. Super.

Speaker 2  50:54
Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you. And thank you Belin to organize this put this together. Highly appreciate that. Okay,

Speaker 1  51:02
thank you so much. I enjoy your rest of the day and have a great week. All

Unknown Speaker  51:08
of you. Yeah, thank

Unknown Speaker  51:09
you. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai