Speaker 1  00:04
Okay, so we're just going to talk about I don't have an About Me section. I've been selling on Amazon since 2014 have gone through a lot of turmoil in that time. Have rearranged my catalog multiple times. Right now, I'm in the seasonal business group, seasonal business realm. So I have seasons. My main seasons are q4 and then q2 otherwise, I'm not making any money. I have a team of roughly 15 people right now. We grew. I think we doubled last year, this year again. We're trying to double. And the reason we were doubling is because I finally got my shit together. That's sort of what I'm going to talk about. So what was happening in the past was, since I do seasonal products, either we were we were running out of stock and losing a lot of money, especially in season, because next to impossible to get. If you ship the product later, you're screwed. Or we were shipping the product later, and then we were having overstock issues. So I would get, like, I would be holding oversized product in q3 and q4 that would kill me. In storage fees, ltsf fees, and God knows what. And I guess now they've introduced a new fee as well, sur store, storage utilization,

Unknown Speaker  01:19
something, fee, storage realization ratio, yep, yep.

Speaker 1  01:23
Then the other challenge was I was my suppliers, because if it's seasonal products, they have peak pieces, peak seasons. Have to kind of plan my inventory ahead. And lastly, my forecasting sucks. So I actually worked a lot on my forecasting. So two things, one thing, I think that really changed what I did was I hired two supply chain professionals, both of them were ex agency, ex aggregator types, right? One seller, Plex, one somebody else, I think, one other agency. And they had both aggregator experience, so they had seen proper systems in place, so they came in with that, with that experience to kind of help me fix stuff right? Okay, this is the process you're missing. You're not doing forecasting correctly. You're doing forecasting. This is where we need to build in lead time. So kind of did that. The other thing I did was last year, I actually redid my entire Chinese supply chain. So I found out that I was getting ripped off pretty badly for my suppliers. So for my top products, I actually looked at every dam manufacturer in China, everyone, and then I shortlisted them. And then we actually had reached out for pricing, and then I actually made a visit. So I went to China for about two what was it a week? And actually went to visit each of the factories to actually see them in person, to see okay, how is the factory? And it was an interesting experience, because some factories were actually, what I found out was, like, one claim to be a factory, but more was like an assembly. IE, they were just buying from different places in bundling. Then one guy I went was like a garage. I'm not kidding you guys. This was, like, probably a size of two of these roads. It was like, freaking garage, and he was actually manufacturing. And I'm I'm like, Dude, how did you learn? He's like, Oh, have my parents factory. I'm like, where's your parents factory? Can I go see it? Oh, no, they're out of town. He was lying, but he was building, and his price was cheap. I started building with him as well. Then we fixed our forecasting. But so as a result of my China visit, what I found was able to get really good relationships with my suppliers. The first new supplier I built up, I was like, hey, starting out, you know, seasonal products, I need at least 30% after shipping. At 3030, days after shipping, I'm going to give you like a what we have done is we've set up like a deposit. Let's say that's like 10% of the entire order value for the year we put that pay that deposit, and now every every time they ship, I'm gonna pay them 30 days after.

Speaker 2  03:47
That's a good idea, that 10% down the projection for the whole year. Yes. And then they feel it's a little security. And then,

Speaker 1  03:55
and they're doing right now, it's 30 days next goes to negotiate up to 60 days. That's one thing. The other thing we did was we also negotiated with our freight forwarders. I think now we're down to about 60 days after shipping, after they ship, so pretty much 30 days after the product is received. Because that's because in my business, I got to put all my money in right now and wait

Speaker 2  04:18
for the season. So yeah, what straight forward do you use? I'm using a couple.

Speaker 1  04:22
So we have a whole process around fish chip. So it's freight forwarding. The challenge is that freight forwarders try to lure you in with lower pricing for the first two or three times, and then they start to f you over. So instead, what we do is, every shipment we look around, we shop around four or five that we have kind of built a list to, and we see who comes back with Mod. And the price is always very we don't have one. We don't have reliance on what forever. So then we started looking at all the so now we're also tracking all sorts of inventory fees where we weren't paying attention to that. So that's also helped. So again, one thing I forgot to mention, so how I built up my team is one is on the supply chain planning side, where he's doing the forecasting, like an inventory depletion model, lead times all that, looking at all that, and then also building and stuff, like when Amazon is busy, right? IE, before Prime Day or q4 when you gotta send your shit in. So kind of planning around that both of these people have MBAs in supply chains. So they aren't your regular sort of monkey type people. They have brains. The other thing is that other guy was more specialized in freight forwarding. I do a lot of oversized products, so container optimization becomes very interesting. So that's why I had to put like a team of two. I mean, generally one person could have done this, but that we're doing a lot of move back and forth between suppliers as well. Let's see. I talked about this, already investigated the top 10 suppliers, went through each and every factory. We also, since we most of our products are bundles, what I wanted to see was their how they do their QC. So when they're packing, they have different processes for QC. So that was interesting. And we actually went in and told them, hey, this is how we want you to do it. So we've done that as well. Other thing I did, actually, was we added an inspection in China now. So imagine this. I've been selling on Amazon for 10 years. I've never, I never did an inspection till last year. Wow. I don't know how I survived. I never did an inspection.

Speaker 2  06:39
So I survived. I never had a major quality, not

Speaker 1  06:42
never had one. Did I think the agent I had on the ground was handling it. I mean, she was ripping me off pretty badly, but she was making sure that she didn't go back a sourcing agent. So now instead, we have a requirement that every shipment gets a QC and the shit I find. Man, it's scary, but, I mean, every shipment has some issues

Speaker 2  07:00
which are using one of the big companies for inspections. Rotate them.

Speaker 1  07:05
Oh, so we send random, but we I need them. I have two employees in China on the ground now, and we will find somebody random, even at the last minute. But if you see them, call your work, man insane. They get they give you, like, a 50 page inspection sheet with pictures and all the shit. I mean, they test it out. They build everything out. It's crazy, yeah, but they're very cheap. It's like, maybe 100 bucks. It's 100 bucks a shipment,

Speaker 2  07:30
yeah, just the warning for anyone is, is I use top one that I make it this great inspection report. But I caught him like, I got one inspection report, and then the next one, like the next month there was literally copied and pasted some of the stuff that they're just using a form and just changing. And I was pissed, so I decided we're gonna start rotating in some other inspection companies.

Speaker 1  07:58
That's how we don't use a company, news, independent, QC people that my agents have built up it I can rank two employees, right? So they trust and they check around. Also, what I've done is my my employees on the ground are now going to visit the suppliers once a month just to build that relationship.

Speaker 2  08:17
What are your employees on the ground? What's their role? So

Speaker 1  08:20
again, on the ground, freight coordination with the suppliers, all the stuff, shipments around, and then visiting the suppliers regularly to see what's happening, building that relationship as well as sourcing new products. So we typically launch anywhere between 30 to 40 products a year. Some are variations, but some aren't. So for that, yeah, it's interesting. Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  08:41
a lot of problems. So

Speaker 1  08:48
yeah, basically, I built this whole thing, and like you were talking about Power BI now, and goal sheets of Power BI, taking past data, adding in growth, putting in inventory, lead times, all that stuff, and then constantly looking at the forecast and actual sales to figure out what's happening, and then adjusting accordingly, because with seasonal products, I was getting screws. Now I'm actually not even putting everything in Amazon. We're putting some stuff in a three PL and then moving it to Amazon. Need be, otherwise we're gonna leave it at 3pm the next year.

Speaker 2  09:21
What is your kind of like overall strategy for seasonal products? Do you want to try to sell out in the season? Or do you want to have enough that you're like you you capture the full amount of seasonal sales? So

Speaker 1  09:34
I would rather sell out. Yeah, then, because the problem is, the other side is, if you have excess stock, then it's you can't remove it, because it's more expensive removed than anything else. For sure, the FPF fees kill you. That kills the profitability. I'm going to talk about one of the other slides, but I would rather sell out and we would keep the extra three PL and then if need be, we can set it up. We can hold on to it, because

Speaker 2  09:58
the challenge even happens. It at 3pm now, I mean, especially at q4 the receiving times now are poorly, like it used to be, you could ship something and it's in within like, a week or maybe two. Now you're like, three, four weeks, right for seasonal because we sell some seasonal products too, and it's like, the entire season is four weeks. So I can't, like, there's, yep. Like, are you in the same boat? Like, I almost feel like you have to place your bet up front at the beginning of the season and just like, hey, if I sell out, like, I we used to be able to drip some inventory in. I feel like last year we have not been able to drip anything in, because the receiving

Speaker 1  10:37
time. I agree with you. The problem is, for example, I have some seasonal gardening stuff, right? So what happens is, or I don't know, like, mid May or early May, the pilot for Prime Day starts. And then if you get shit in, then you cannot get stuff to sell for June and July. So I have to take a bet there. But then we do a safe bet where, okay, fine. I might have an extra two or 3000 units, that's fine, but not more than that, right? But, yeah, that's a tough one. It's very happy to take a risk,

Speaker 2  11:09
but you're fine, like, selling out and be like, ah, we could have sold for an extra week, but at least we're out of

Speaker 1  11:15
stock. We're out of stock because other way around, you're losing a lot more profit and margin. So yeah. So here's some examples of what happened, right? So as I started, as we started looking at stuff, last in 2023 our q4 storage fee was about 15k because we were carrying a lot of garbage from overstock. And this year, we were able to get it down to 4k just because of constant monitoring as per as a result of all the fees that we've been tracking. Now, because what I've realized is you can be a good operator, but until you have your finance just sorted out and you're looking at the numbers properly, you have no idea where the money's going. So we're actually now looking at the pieces to see because Amazon keeps adding pieces, our margins are keep going down. So we're trying to make sure we minimize each and every fee. So we've built a KPI around each and every fee, because now there is a low inventory fee. There's, I don't even know how many fees not, so we have to track against all of those.

Unknown Speaker  12:15
Yeah. So

Speaker 1  12:20
now the other thing I'm trying to figure out is that's become an interesting way for us. Is the problem around my team was previously using a lot of fast C, again, that adds costs. So we've been able to pivot kind of slowly back, trickle back to slow C, because that against ads margin, because we were doing a lot more rush shipments instead of like, hey, let's just ship early. We can keep it at 3pm warehouse, then we can figure it out. And then now we're building cost models around what's it called one FC versus five FC split or AWD. But that's a kind of old cluster that, yeah, yeah. But as a result of all this work that we did, I no longer have that stock out issue. I mean, pretty much out, if it's only happens first. Let me we do the ABC analysis, if you guys know what that is. So our stock costs typically only happen for the C products down, and then storage fees have gone down. Shipping costs are going down. We're maintaining ratios, and cash flow is getting better.

Speaker 2  13:25
Can I ask a question, sure. Do you do you segregate your products? Like hero product? You're going to keep more in the North America? Yes, mitigating. It's a stock equity, some other ones, it's okay. So

Speaker 1  13:40
that's what I meant, ABC, so we categorize that as a, b and c products. So what that means is the A, products are your hero. Products are top sellers. For them, you have a contingency plan. You'll have to stock. You'll make your bed extra bed that A, these have to stay in stock, and then B, you still have some plans. C, don't care about C will sell, but whatever Gotcha. But this has been my main area of focus. I mean, this is probably one of the hardest things about to do in my life, because this is a tough one, but I'm just I took, took this one area, and I'm building it out, building it out. Once I get this down, I'm going to start working on the next one.

Speaker 3  14:20
Do you care about, like, your organic rankings in PPC when you're off season your products not? It doesn't matter. Maybe rank up right before the season. Oh, really. So you use time your ranking before the peak aggressive

Speaker 1  14:31
giveaway and PPC and invest deal

Unknown Speaker  14:36
or something.

Speaker 2  14:40
Your seasons are, sorry, summer and then winter some

Speaker 1  14:43
summer. Right now, I'm adding more products for back to school, because I don't have q3 as well. But yeah, trying to add something for every season, I think. Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:57
Another question I had without the freight forwarders, do you. Do DDP shipping DDP only.

Speaker 1  15:04
There's nowhere. I mean, it's more expensive, but I'm in the category where I would have otherwise,

Speaker 2  15:15
well, I mean, I mean, I've done both. DDU is way more paperwork, like I mean, it's a lot more this, instead of just being here's a flat price, and you're gonna pay it like EDP, DDU, they can come back with, like, more charges. Yes, exactly. I used to use flex force, like gal owners.

Speaker 1  15:36
We have some brand and Chinese freight forwarders. They handle everything. They know their stuff. They got to figure out. I mean, I even use them for my other other business, where you ship all sorts of random shit. And they figured it out.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai