Speaker 1  00:04
So hey everybody, so good to be back with you again. There was a request from the group that we talk about Amazon account security. So that is my very unfun topic for today. It's an important topic. It's just unintended. It's a little scary. Y'all already know who I am. You're used to me. So let's go straight to the kinds of security problems you can have on Amazon. There are really two kinds of security issues, y'all. There's the stuff that's coming from inside and the stuff that's coming from outside. So we're going to start with the threats that are coming from inside that house. If y'all have seen the movies where they the babies were called the police and they say all is coming from recording progress, that's that's what we're thinking about first here. So to start very basically, my preference for employees, contractors, VA is that no one has a shared login for an Amazon account. The main reason for that is you need to be able to delete their access to the account, take away their permission at any given moment. It's really risky to have people sharing logins that are really important logins, and then all of a sudden, you have to cut it off because there's one person over here doing a certain kind of work. It gets really difficult. You can't really get them out. Everyone has no password, but that the employee has their own login and permission set up when you have people leave you the lease or access right away, and you do not allow login and sharing. So if there is a to do list for today that I would recommend, it is that when you get back to your office, to your desk, check out who's in your account, look both for third party permissions and look for AWS, people who are using apps, and see if there's anyone you need to remove. Just the other day, I had a client, a new client, come to me, they are accused of review manipulation, which they have done pretty blatantly, 1000s of purchase reviews. And so the first thing I needed to know was how many people were involved. They have 31 people in their account. Y'all 31 logins. It just looks really bad to Amazon, too. Secondly, change your password periodically, every three to month on a three to six months on a schedule. This is one of those really annoying things that you need to set in your calendar app that every three months, it pings you and it says today is the day that you change your password. And in a minute, we'll talk about why that is so important, but not changing the password. That's your internal problem that you can actually have some control over to prevent the external problem. Okay, next up is phishing. I know you've all gotten these emails that look very much like some things from Amazon, some from the buyer side, some from the seller side. Really important to talk to your team members. Everyone in that room where you are is very sophisticated. But not only your employees and VAs are sophisticated. So you've really got to teach them never click the link, never, ever, ever click the link, and if they ever have an inkling about an email being sneaky, tell them to screenshot it, send you the screenshot, get your permission to click the link. I know that seems overly cautious, but there are so many phishing attacks going on right now that lead to the external attacks on your account, and that's what we're trying to prevent, and then finally, avoid the picker. So what the picker is, when you're logged into Seller Central up in the top right, there's a drop down list of accounts. So if you have a login that has access to multiple accounts. You use that picker to drop down between account A and account B, account C. This is very common for MDS type folks, because a lot of y'all work as consultants or friends. You've taught other people how to build brands. You work in groups where you own a portion of this account, a portion of that account, you're working with guys who are successful. It's really dangerous. And the reason it's dangerous to use the picker is if one of these consultant type friends is in multiple accounts, and one of those accounts does something. And wrong. It can take down all of the accounts, and you have to prove to Amazon you're not colluding, and they tend to not believe you that you're not colluding, because you're have multiple people using the picker to go into multiple accounts from a single login. So that new client that I mentioned the other day is the one with the 1000s of staff reviews that had 31 people logging into their account. Multiple of those people were using the picker and going between these three accounts that all ended up getting suspended at the same time on the same day. So now we have to prove to Amazon that they are not colluding. You just don't want that in anyone's head. It is okay for you to own more than one account. It is okay for you to manage brands on separate accounts. But you just have to remember, even if you're following all the rules, those other people that you work with aren't always following all the rules and Amazon, let's assume the worst. So my preference, and then pain is a behind it is so much harder and more annoying, is to set up a different email login for each account. So if that was, you know, using domain emails, Leslie account A, it's Gmail. List account fee and Gmail, so that you have separate logins for the different accounts you're signing into, it will save you a lot of trouble. And then the last thing for the it's coming from inside the house portion of the program is never, ever, never, ever, use the buyer account associated with the seller account, and even avoid having an active payment method, an active credit card on file with that buyer account. You can have the buyer account active without a payment method if for some reason, it forces you to have a payment method put, like, a vanilla card or something on it, a limited one of those debit cards that's actually already got a limit of, like, it's 100 bucks or something like, you bought a gift card to sat on it. Do not use the buyer account to make purchases. Don't let your team use the buyer account to make purchases. Don't use the buyer account to buy inventory that you flip. Don't use the buyer account to buy gift cards that you use to buy inventory that you flip. If your buyer account is ever frauded, which is something that does happen and sometimes by mistake, if your buyer account is ever trodden, it takes down your seller account too. And it's very difficult to get the seller account back because it was done by the buyer side, and it just becomes the stupid technical garbage at Amazon. So just never, ever, ever use that buyer account. Use a separate buyer account for your business and a separate one for personal with a different email login. So when I say, don't use that buyer account, don't use that login to log into Amazon and buy something that you use to log into Amazon on your seller account. Okay, now they really are out to get you. I always say, it's not paranoia, if they really are out to get you, and there are situations where there are bad guys out there. I mean, we all know them. Y'all have heard the stories before, and some of them are really out to get sellers. Maybe not you specifically, but one of us so important things to know that are happening right now. There is this very wild thing happening that is an account public records, and it is where someone finds out details of your business, like your LLC, name, your address, and they use that information to open an Amazon account, and their Amazon account might be a letter different from yours or a number different from yours on the storefront name, and they put up similar products, and it's very ugly, and the reason they do it is not to get people to buy their product. It's to put you out of business. It's to make Amazon think you're running an account that does bad things and gets suspended and takes you down. And it works.

Speaker 1  09:32
The only defense to this that I know of is to be vigilant about periodically doing some searches on your LLC name, your brand name, out there on Google, out there in the wild, and see if you see any other organization set up with similar documentation to your similar LLC name, and to see who they are, to be aware a similar strategy. Says Amazon only is a buyer a bad I'm sorry, a bad guy will create a seller account with a similar name, but they don't go to all the trouble of all the public records from the LLC. They just have a similar name, and they will do the exact same thing. They will either list similar products to yours to try and compete with you, or they will literally try and get suspended to take you out. It is the way that competitors are trying to take other competitors out. So if you know, if you have company ABC, they might put up company ad dash b list your products that they have bought online, and then try and convince Amazon that you are somehow colluding. I have wondered if these things are actually done through payoff internally on Amazon. I don't always understand how people work. I can so that if you get taken down that way, it is hard to get back. We do get these people back, but it's typical, so this is where you just have to be very vigilant. I would actually search Amazon for your storefront name and your product name, just like you already do for your product name. Do the same for your brand. Do the same for your account name periodically, just to make sure there's no one out there pushing your account and trying to make it look like they are. Do some of these people have way too much time on their hands? Okay? So next is two factor authentication, which we all both love and hate. I strongly recommend that you use the authenticator app. Do not use the text to your phone. Phone numbers can be spoofed, so if someone figures out phone number associated with the account, they can use that to get into the accounts of Q A using the authenticator app solves that problem. It is so the reason I talked earlier about changing your password frequently, and now I'm talking about QSA, is because a check a hacker can literally change everything about your account. And we've seen this happen at Riverbend and work with people. If this has happened to it is not something you ever want to deal with, so to avoid it, your logins got to be bulletproof. You're using a really long string on that password. You're changing it every 30 days, 90 days, 120, days, whatever you decide that you're changing it, maybe using a service like last pack and you're using the authenticator ask, because if someone hacks into your account, they will eat your funds, as my kid would say, they will take the funds right out of your account. Now, a lot of times, the positive is, don't hack into your account. They'll get access, but it's not your day for a disbursement yet. So if this ever happened to you, if you tried to log in and all of a sudden you couldn't, and you've lost control of your account, it is imperative that you don't mess around. You don't play with I'm going to try calling Amazon. I'm going to try sending an email or to see what happens, you really have to get aggressive and get some help as fast as possible,

Unknown Speaker  13:15
because once they've taken your money,

Unknown Speaker  13:19
even if they have the phone, can call it back. You may not get it back.

Speaker 1  13:26
This is very uplifting presentation, y'all. So what are the takeaways here? The most quick and important thing, the most likely security threat to your account, is an employee or a VA. So that is why you want to make sure everyone has an independent login that you can yank from them at any time. Monitor your access privileges, change the password frequently. And number three, the important one today, if you have time, delete any users you should not have access to your account. I would bet you got one in there. Learn how to use the authenticator app if you haven't already and delete active credit cards from your buyer account. You do not want those in there. Okay, so that is it for my quickie presentation for today, and I would love to answer any questions about this or anything else. Doesn't have to be like, scary topic here. Anything else that y'all have going on or want to ask about

Speaker 2  14:32
this is Rich speaking. I have one you said, like, if something you can't log in, you know, you act fast. You know, don't try to just con call him, I don't know. Let's say, let's say, Tomorrow morning, I just can't log in. What do I do?

Speaker 1  14:49
Okay, so if you can't log in, there is a, you know what? I can send you all this as a follow up. I have run it. There is a page out there on Amazon. For recover access to your account, you could immediately fill that out and see if you got a response. And if not, you would have to do an immediate just add explanation, like right away, because if you think you've been hacked, a lot of the mistakes people make is they cannot wait around to see. Well, maybe, you know, maybe something's happened, I don't know. And then they wait to see if their disbursement comes. When the disbursement doesn't come, they're like, Oh my God, I've been hacked. And then the money burns on we don't want that to happen. You get to immediately do three jobs to Jeff. And the only other option if you can't log in is that they have frauded your account. So if you look in your email, there's usually some kind, as I noticed, that they've prodded your account, some kind of teleprompter issue that this happened, and it's not that, then you have to worry that you've been asked.

Speaker 2  16:00
All right, so go to the Recover access to your account page, that's the first name, and then see if you can email what you thought of that form.

Speaker 1  16:10
Okay, yes, and only wait four to six hours, Max. If they do not respond to that within four to six hours, they need to do an immediate executive stolen relations, which is Jeff act and say this and literally say, in the decline this is an emergency account, act, something like that, so that they understand that you could lose funds and that there could be people ripping off your buyers. Gotcha.

Speaker 2  16:39
Okay? Because this never happens. Anybody in this room. But

Speaker 3  16:45
how prevalent is all is this going on right now? Leslie, like, is it increase overall? Is this like something that's been going on for years? We're staff hearing more of it,

Speaker 1  16:57
so both of what you said is true. It has been going on for years in different forms, and it's definitely on the increase. The phishing emails have gotten more sophisticated, where they will actually do a decent job of knocking off like a screenshot of something or the logo. It looks a lot less fake than they used to, and they send these phishing emails. And I think another problem is that, as a seller, to grow, they have bigger teams, they have more VAs they have more people who get emails from Amazon because they're part of managing the account. The bigger the teams, the more likely someone's going to click one of those links, and you just have to have one person, you know, click and get some kind of login information, key search information, and someone can attend it into your account. They've gotten very sophisticated. A lot of these operations are in Eastern Europe, so they are beyond the reach of law enforcement here, and they will do whatever they can just to get that one disbursement to get out. Isn't there? I'm sorry,

Speaker 2  18:16
let's say someone successfully gets to your account. Isn't there supposed to be, like a three day delay if they change the bank account before Amazon will do a disbursement to the new bank account.

Speaker 1  18:28
Yes, there is supposed to be, sometimes there is. Sometimes it goes through too fast. Sometimes, though, if you take too much time getting this solved. See, Amazon does not have a good process for this. They just don't. It's so Byzantine, and so getting their attentions can take three days, six days, nine days, and five minutes of money gone. So that's why I was stressing, if you think this has happened to you, that you need to jump on it really, really fast, because Amazon doesn't say, Oh, look, someone got hacked and like, quickly held to you, like the bank. Does you expect them to act more like, you know, Bank of America to text you a problem or on your credit card, or just, you know, have someone pick up the phone when you say, someone stole my card, they don't act that way. They don't have an easy way to report this. They don't have an easy way to solve it. So you have to kind of expect it's going to take me several days for them to help me, even though I've been hacked. And so you've got to jump right on it, since that's three days, four days and tabs really bad.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Got it. Thank you. Oh, and

Speaker 1  19:41
then I was just going to take going to say that spoofing stuff, which all sounds crazy to me, like, seriously, like, go do something positive with your time instead of spoofing the Wells has been the thing. But that spoofing stuff, I have only seen it over the last like 12 months or so, but we've seen several though. Or two accounts have been sued, and as they've been taken down by Amazon, thinking that they have two accounts working in collusion, one of them, you know, taking orders and not fulfilling them. Gotcha,

Speaker 2  20:16
we have a member. You may have heard about this. I won't name his name, but he he's a very big number, and if he has said he lost access to his account, like a month ago, and he would be on on with Amazon support, and he would regain access to his account, and then within like two minutes, the athlete would recover the access of away from him again, because he knew that was an inside job, like, that's the only thing I could think of,

Speaker 1  20:42
either it's an inside job or they head to the Easter tracker on whatever computer he was eating. I see, okay, so one of the first things whenever we have someone hacked, one of the first things we tell them to do is to get someone who's actually good at it, not just run like tools that are on the internet unfortunately, and have your PC or your laptop checks and your phone checks for key search trackers and other data trackers. Some of these guys have gotten really sophisticated, and when you really think about it, you can see why I've got sellers right now whose accounts are suspended, their balances are 500 $600,000 how sweet would it be to go in and sweep that out? Right?

Unknown Speaker  21:27
Oh my gosh,

Speaker 2  21:31
scared. Actually, it ruins the person's business and their cash flow and things of hacker really rich.

Speaker 1  21:41
Yeah, yeah, they only need a few to live pretty large for the year, right

Unknown Speaker  21:47
for the rest of your life? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:53
Anybody else got any questions for Leslie?

Speaker 4  21:59
No question. Leslie, thank you for the presentation. My name is June Kim, slight tangent for you. I will email you regarding your reimbursement case. Would really love better teams handling we really love your oversight. I'm sorry your kind of more or less take a living case and just chime in on whether it works for me or not. I'll move into an email.

Speaker 1  22:22
That'd be great. Um, yeah, and my email TV at Elia, l e y Leslie at Riverview

Unknown Speaker  22:28
com. Thank you. Liz,

Unknown Speaker  22:31
sure thing. Happy to help.

Unknown Speaker  22:35
Alright, well,

Speaker 2  22:37
you're here in Texas. You're, I mean, you're Asia. How are you at your house here in

Speaker 1  22:40
Texas? Yes, I'm down in Anfield. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 2  22:44
that's what I thought. So, I mean, we're not, we're sitting here in Plano. So enjoy the cold weather. So cold, so cold.

Unknown Speaker  22:52
Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  22:55
thanks for having me all. I really appreciate it. And if anyone does have any questions or something comes to my later. You can email me anytime, or we have that special ndS email do it in the Riverbend consulting com. So always happy to hear from any of you, and hope to see some of you next month, it is hired.

Speaker 2  23:14
Yes, yes, yes, some of us will be there. So okay, we'll see you then. Leslie, thank you. Thank you so much. Thanks. Ben, thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai