Speaker 1  00:00
I talk about bank accounts. I'm not really interested in here about people are very opinionated. There's always a post, like, every couple years, or a few few times a year on what's the best bank now, but I'll share mine. But about me? I started in 2016 on Amazon. I'm still a licensed attorney, but I don't take cases. And that's me this past summer trying to climb the highest mountain in Wyoming, right there. And I hiked for over 50 miles. Hiked and climbed for over 50 miles. It's did not succeed in getting to the top. I was very beat up after four days in the wilderness. It was two other guys. One guy had a bail out. His knee was killing him. He had a bail to the first day. And then it was me and this other guy for like, the last three days. But like, My hands got, like, swollen, and I think because I wasn't see these hiking poles you're supposed to wear these straps, but I wasn't holding the straps. And I think I put all this stress on here, and I My hands got swollen. I'm, like, very in. There's, like, some really tricky climbing, and I don't want to, like, my hand doesn't work, and then I die. And so yeah, once we go, yeah, it was, it wasn't worth it. But we'll try it. Maybe I'll try again. We'll see. Yeah, okay. I, in my opinion, the best bank to use is Chase. I did all my homework. I know about mercury and all those other ones, which, in my opinion, are kind of like fintechs with the bank behind them. Correct me if I'm wrong after this. But I like Chase. I feel like they have great technology. There's like four different ways you can send money, like wires, Ach, sell Bill pays. You can get an account manager who I can like text with my account manager if I have an issue. I can see all my businesses and personal and chase ink cards all under one login. I love that. I like Kat rewards when I log in and I'm under the theory that, because it's the largest US Bank, that they would get bailed out if there was ever like a massive, you know, bank failure with Chase So, and then I'll talk about in a minute, I have two business savings accounts at Live Oak Bank where I sort of like Park the capital just to earn higher interest on it. So these are my four Chase business accounts. So the income, one is where the money comes in. Operating is for paying, paying payments out little compensation bucket for paying myself and the other owner. And I'll probably pay the new EA out of there, and then a savings of chase that has a terrible interest rate, and I keep very little in there. And then at Live Oak, I have a savings there. I treat it as a savings, like war chest, large amounts that are going to go out to suppliers. And then a little tax savings account in there. Here's how the money flows in my business. So the money comes from Amazon, Shopify, and then ping pong. It's like the Canadian money. It all flows into that one income account. So we can always see where all the money's coming into the business. And then every two weeks when the payouts happen with the big Amazon payout habits, that's when I sort of move it around. So a little bit goes into the compensation account to pay the owners, and then the bulk of it goes into the operations account for paying the extremely large PPC Bill suppliers in China, other vendors, like tactical and then the excess will get moved into the high interest business savings or tax savings accounts. Very little goes in there. So that's kind of how the money flows in my business. And then also, every two weeks, I update a sheet where I project the cash flow, which I'll show in a second. Let me just talk about habits. So I do log into the bank every single day just to see what has come out. I'm also nervous about fraud, so literally, every day, I log in and look at the bank every weekday, and then I update the cash management projection sheet, like, if I see a loan payment came out, I go check that off as being paid. And I actually just had my executive assistant create a payments calendar, kind of recreate one on my Google calendar that I can click on and see when things are due or when they're gonna come out. Takeaways. Have a bank that you operate from, and then a separate one for holding money, like high interest, different accounts for different purposes, like different buckets. Pay yourself first, not always possible, but you should always try to be paying yourself first, because take care of yourself. You're gonna be pissed off and you're not gonna be a good business owner. Have some kind of routine for managing your money, whether it's bi weekly, checking it daily, and then I do like how every two weeks I'm moving a small amount, even if it's only like two or $3,000 just. Depending on what's going on, just building up this tax savings so that when you do owe when it's time to pay your taxes, you have that there you can pull from. And then I do advocate that you try to project out your cash flow 12 months out. And I have it on a bi weekly so I've tried to like, okay, Amazon's gonna pay us this much every two weeks, you know, for the next 26 periods. And then coming out of that, you know your what your PPC is, maybe what your cogs are, and these are, you know, estimates. But then at the bottom, you sort of are maintaining what that cash in your bank is going to look like as all that happens, I think that's really important. As a bankruptcy lawyer, I saw a lot of businesses. Got a business because they not because they're not profitable, because they run out of cash, you know, they're not projecting out what your cash is going to look like three months from now, five months from now. Because you got to do that. If you're going to think like, oh, I'm going to pay my I want to pay myself, well, maybe you shouldn't pay yourself. If three months from now there's going to be a dip in your cash flow. You know, you really got to be planning ahead. And then the other thing I learned going through multiple headaches over the years is, if you wait till you, like, run out of cash, and then you go try to borrow money, you're screwed. Like, all it like, but if you can project out and realize, oh, wow, six months from now, I might need cash, you it's a lot easier to get a loan or financing or credit when they see you've got 200k 300k whatever in the bank. You know, no one wants to lend you when you're like sitting there.

Unknown Speaker  06:31
I waited till now,

Speaker 1  06:34
so okay, and then my ask for help. This is something I just been working on for like, two years, but I'm really curious how you guys do it. My ask is, how do you guys negotiate with suppliers to say, Hey, can I pay you 30 days later? 60 days later,

Unknown Speaker  06:50
nine days later. So,

Unknown Speaker  06:52
yeah, say supplier a gives me 1,000,030

Unknown Speaker  07:00
or whatever you me 30 or whatever. China,

Speaker 1  07:12
yeah, going for the fourth time in April. Yeah. So

Speaker 2  07:15
have you spent time with them and drinks and all that stuff with their supplier? Yeah,

Speaker 1  07:20
it's funny most of the business meetings, but it's funny this time I actually want to go to a brewery in Qingdao with with one of my suppliers and just be social. Yeah, yeah. That's that was probably take a gift

Speaker 2  07:33
as well, some sort of small gift. But even by brand new suppliers, I just started this year, gave me 3030, days after delivery. But I guess when you show up, you probably got to go with a team. I mean, I took like, two Chinese people with me, my European right hand man, and they could see the series. And that actually helped me a lot, because even the new suppliers now are giving me very are, you know, giving 3060, net days after shipping. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  08:05
So just seeing that you're not some guy on the internet, that you're coming in person, spending time with them builds the trust,

Speaker 3  08:14
yeah, for me, like during COVID, or into, like, a cash flow bind. So I kind of told them, I'm in a pine you may have been a bond, but I think I kind of like, laid out the spreadsheet show, like, actual cash flow. And I'm struggling with with few things, okay, like, we'll give you a 200k credit limit, or 40 days after delivery, and I've kept that since then now, like, don't really ask me to pay that often right now, I'm thinking about like three, like 320 and, but I think with with time, you get more likely and see and with that credit limit, so they

Speaker 1  08:48
didn't just give you those days, they actually gave you some sort of monetary Yeah, that you yeah interest.

Speaker 3  08:53
It was 200k or 40 days, and they don't force four days at all. I've been with them from eight years, same supplier. They're pretty big, but my sales manager, I've lived with her for eight years now, and we got a pretty good, you know, bond, and it just shows that, like, I had to present my, my, my cash issues for her, understand, hey, like I need help about because, because, if I got my money to pay her, then she could, then she more likely be willing to, like, help me out and give you some credit limit. You know,

Speaker 1  09:28
otherwise you would just stop ordering altogether. Yeah, my perspective,

Speaker 3  09:32
yeah. She rather having a ordering growing business with the credit limit makes it easier for for her to keep, you know, you have some orders placed through me and adding products and stuff like

Unknown Speaker  09:44
that. So, so

Speaker 1  09:46
does it work? Like, after you owe them, like, say the credit was 300k you just always have to keep paying it below, yeah, yeah. Okay. It's

Speaker 3  09:53
currently 200k but right now it's, I'm at, like, 320 She didn't ask me. Typically, like, when she's, like. Need money for, like, holiday seasons, or, like, holiday, you know, deadlines, yeah, yeah. Then they actually, like, asked for, hey, I need to pay your balance below a certain amount. And then I'm like, Okay, fine, I'll pay it, yeah? But then this past time, like, Hey, I should a lot before 20 new year, like, I said, like, almost like, kind of decay with those products. I'm like, Hey, I don't have money right now to pay. I need more more time. She's okay, fine. She understands. So, like, it's kind of fluid, but 200k is the limit, and then pay that. Make sure I get below that on, like, key, critical milestone year for her holidays.

Speaker 1  10:35
Yeah. I wonder if they must have some Chinese bank financing. Yeah, for sure, yeah. Because my, like, my main guy is a small manufacturer, and I've told him, like, go to the Chinese banks and get loans, but he wants to be paid immediately. Really. I mean, I've negotiated terms, but, yeah, there's no credit limit or anything. But I bet, if I was with the larger, because you have another one that's large, that's a really good tip,

Speaker 3  11:01
yeah. And also I always say, say, like, hey, like, I want to launch products on the business, but right now I'm cash strapped, and this can be transparent with them, hiring an employee at UVA make something up to help. Like, you help your case, you

Speaker 1  11:16
know, yeah, like, hey, I'll buy this new product from you, but you got to get me.

Speaker 3  11:19
Yeah, I need any good terms on and be able to have budget for PPC, new other products. So, like this cash flow, it could limit, well public with, like, cash flow mod, I let you know and ask him for that, but she in person. You know, think it does. Yeah, for me, I've never met, I never, I never met my supply before. It's obvious what, imagine what you could get if you go. I know I need to. I'm telling you know, I need to go, go with him.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Yeah, decided my

Speaker 1  11:44
wife won't let me go this time to Canton or Kat, I'm going in April, if you want to meet me there. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:50
I might go muscle, sure. Let me know. Since

Unknown Speaker  11:53
you're definitely

Speaker 1  11:54
going, I've got plenty of everything. I'll be in Guangzhou for three days during the camp phase two of the Canton. Oh, god, okay. 2427 Yeah. So, if you're there, we can meet up. Yeah? So

Speaker 3  12:06
main takeaway, present your struggles, yeah. Be like, transparent. Like, hey, it's kind of hard to compete on Amazon now. I lower prices. Try to try to compete with, yeah. Like, you wish you actually did, you know, Yeah. Kind of like, cannot reevaluate the strategy, COVID, email strategy. It just is a challenge of like, extra, any amount of like, help. Yeah, it helps. Because

Speaker 1  12:29
if you don't tell them, they don't, they might think you're just some rich, rich entrepreneur. Yeah, right away. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:35
US dollars, yeah, exactly so.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai