Speaker 1  00:00
A member since 2022 little more than three and a half years now, graduated from UCSB and with a history degree. I'm still trying to make history. Got started in E commerce after reading the four hour work week like a lot of us versus e commerce, sell was a blockbuster subscription when blockbuster was trying to compete with Netflix, and I am on a mission to 10x my business in two years, mostly by leveraging Tiktok and social commerce. So real quick. I don't have a slide on this, but I think the main like overall picture here is that consistency is key for Tiktok. You can't just like, disappear, so even if you're like, running low on stock, or you're about to run low, I figured out that that's not a good idea, and lives have been like my savior in regards to basically keeping me relevant on Tiktok without risking going viral, and, like, selling out all my inventory. So if you guys don't know my brand, on Pura Vida Moringa are like our main selling point is the fact that we use one farm in Colombia, and it's like the best Moringa in the world. Like no one can compete. You test my Moringa against anyone else, it's not even close. Like most Marina out there is probably worse for you than it is good because of the high lead content. So the farm is relatively small. We buy everything they produce. It's about 2500 kilos a month, and as of this month, we'll up that to 10,000 kilos. So all my troubles with shoppable will be over finally, hopefully. Well, if I sell all that, I'm fine, like we're good, but so lives. If you have inventory constraints, like I do, but you still want to be relevant on Tiktok, this is a really good way to do it, because you can kind of control how much you sell. You can only you can give away so many flash sales and kind of throttle people. So we're able to manage anywhere 50 to 200 sales a day doing this. Do in this let's see here, up and down button works too. Okay, so we've like, for the past six months, we've basically throttled GMB Max spending, as well as like creator outreach to try to get shoppable videos posted. We're not too worried about that right now. So we're only doing lives, and these are all lives. Oh yeah, buy in, like this is huge. Obviously, Josh just presented the his pretty much presentation from yesterday. But the buy the brand buy in is huge. So I'm in WhatsApp. My demographics older, so WhatsApp works for this. And the brand's Kat live creators, success is totally dependent on how much the brand is going to support them. So they need all of these things here. They're going to need giveaways, they're gonna need traffic drivers, and then they're gonna need flash sales, and then a communication channel, WhatsApp is for us now. Keep in mind, guys, these are all creator lives. We don't do lives on our own brand, okay? The live team structure, creators only, no brand lives, commission only, so we're not paying anybody. Well, I'll get to that, but no one's getting paid. Sorry, you don't do brand lies. I don't want to do but I will, I will, I will, I will do it. I just sounds weird. I know we're gonna crush it, and we don't have enough story, right? So we're, we will, we will do brand lives. But for now, these are all creator lives, and basically like anything that as a brand that you have access to for lies, because there are really cool features on the live dashboard. Creators have access to that too. Not many people know that.

Speaker 2  03:47
Are they different creators to what? Who would be creating shoppable content versus who's creating lives or the same pool?

Speaker 1  03:54
Yeah, usually people are. They do better at one or the other, but they still do both. So people who crush at lies will still, will still post shoppable content. It's just not their bread and butter. Okay? So I have two WhatsApp groups. Have my rising stars and then my all stars, kind of self explanatory. Once someone gets like, a certain amount of GMB or they need, like, 200 flash cells at a time, we'll, we'll promote them to the All Stars. And then I just have two VAs in there monitoring all the requests whenever they need flash sales or giveaways or traffic drivers and any other special discount requests. It's all done there, and what's that? And I'm in there too. I'll chime in, and I'll watch people's lives and then share the link and be like, Hey guys, go get this guy some love. Okay, giveaways, all right, so, giveaways, you set this up in the dashboard. You can just assign you create a giveaway for a product, and then you create and then you sign them to creators, and then the Creator will see this in their back end, and they know that they have X amount of giveaway. Is to do. So we do one giveaway per live. If they're going for like four hours, then you can do like one giveaway every two hours, or something like that. And the giveaways help for retention and engagement. So that's one of the metrics that Tiktok is looking at for lives. So you know, in order to enter the giveaway, you can kind of lie to people and say, like, enter the giveaway and comment this to get in. So the giveaways last like 15 minutes, so people have to stick around for 15 minutes in order to know if they won. So that's retention engagement. You know, ask them to comment, and then sometimes people are so bummed that they lost to get away giveaway that they end up buying it anyway. So make sure you're giving away something that isn't relevant to the rest of the life, right? You don't want to, if you're selling Moringa capsules, you don't want to give away Moringa capsules, because if they lose, they're just going to leave and they're not going to buy your product later. Just be like, oh, I'll just wait for the next live, come back and buy it or try to win again, right? So if you have either another brand that is completely different than what the rest of the lives gonna be about. That's nice. Or you can, we can sell each other stuff. So if you guys want me to move some of your stuff on giveaways, and there's another hack for that I'll tell you about, I can, we can give away your stuff on my lives, right? So bullet, bullet three. So if you're launching a new product, you have zero sales, and you want to get some numbers next to it, like up to 100 as fast as you can, those giveaways count as a sale. So if you're launching a new product and you want to get to 100 sellers real quick, give me 100 giveaways. Or give my creators. I'll give you the list of the creators. Just give them five each, and they'll give them away in a week. Yeah, all right. So yeah, you can collaborate with other brands or friends and giveaway items. All right, so now we understand why giveaways matter. No, Oregon. How long do they usually go? What's your like? Sweet Spot, the entire library, the giveaway your entire life, two hours. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They should be going live for two hours, two to three times a week. That's what tick tock wants to see. Okay, okay. So again, giveaways strategically. You can use them for launch help code start other brands. It's an extra touch point, all right, so I'm huge on touch points, right? It takes a customer 5.7 touches until they buy your product on Tiktok on average. So this is just another extra touch point. Shoppable videos are touch point. Organic is a touch point. Having your product featured in Live is a touch point. Lives are touch points, all right, traffic drivers. So this is going to be another product that you're not going to sell for the rest of the live. It's only available in the first 10 minutes at 80% off. And what you're trying to do is trying to rattle off like 710 sell as fast as possible. That's going to help the algorithm. That's another metric that Tiktok is looking at to help you get more exposure show up on more for you pages and get more people into the room. So these are traffic drivers. I sell Moringa capsules, powder, extract. They're all consumables. My traffic driver is an oil, topical, completely different product, but people love it. 80% off for the traffic driver, for the drive. Wait, what's the reason for the oil?

Speaker 3  08:19
Or, yeah, because you said you're giving away the oil that's for hair and skin. Why would you give

Speaker 1  08:23
that one away, as opposed to, like, your hero product? Because if, if, if the rest of the Live is about a product that you just had an 80% off coupon for, they'll leave and be like, I'll just come back when it's 80% off again.

Speaker 2  08:34
Should lose money on the 80% Yeah. How many do fights out like to make it look like it's more expensive?

Speaker 1  08:40
No, because you want it to be like four bucks, easy buy, right? Yeah, easy buy. And if you're cold, starting a product is a quick way to get sales. And again, people will be bummed if they you know, if they miss out, sometimes they buy at full price. Later, your product card will get, will get some sales. It'll come back later. It's more exposure. It's another touch point for that product if you're gonna go launch it hard down the road. But yeah, we have, like, I don't know, a few 100 cells on on our on our booster or set

Speaker 4  09:11
out for creator, so that only they're live, they get the 80% discounts for first 10

Speaker 1  09:16
minutes only they're alive, yeah, for 10 minutes, yeah, yeah, you saw you set up in the back end. You sign it to him. It's a flash sale. It doesn't say traffic driver. Actually, they just only for that creator, yeah. You give him so many Yeah, and make sure, like, they know, like, this is only supposed to be because I had a new guy, like, forget that. That's what they're for. And he just kept asking for more and more, like, dance guys flying through these boosters, man. And we found out he was just, like, offering the entire, entire life, like you're making no money, I'm making no money. Like, what are you doing? Kat, certainly, yeah. Well, no, yeah, we'll give them, like, 20 a week, just to kind of make sure they're not blowing through them. If they're doing two lives, you know, they should be able to sell 10 in the first 10 minutes. Yeah, yeah. It depends. You know, you'll you'll know, like, who's who? Was putting in more hours, you'll figure out how many. They'll most likely ask, right? They'll be just like, hey, give me a 15 traffic drivers. Okay, so cool. You guys understand the reason for that. This is all coming from Tiktok too, by the way. Like I didn't just make this shit up. I went to a course two day, course you were there. And it was funny that the time they're kind of making it seem like this can only be done on brand accounts. I even asked them, like, Can creators do this? They're like, Oh, you can get creators come on your brand. They really, tick tock. Really wants brands

Speaker 3  10:32
to do this. But, like, I found it like, really doesn't work if we have people to utilize.

Speaker 1  10:37
Yeah, creator lives are the best because it's just, I don't know, for something about, like, I see Mary Ruth's lives. I see Michael Green's lives. You see these big banners and the brand and everything, kind of just like, I'm not gonna buy from these guys. Like, of course, they're fucking selling their own shit. When you see someone else pushing it in their kitchen, it's different.

Speaker 3  10:54
Yeah, again, I should push yourself in my kitchen. Yeah, seriously, how do you make sure they stop after 10 minutes? Is it just like, rule of thumb? Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:05
I mean, it's in their best interest, right? If they're not, if they're messing this up, then they're they're messing up their life, right? So they need to, they need to stop.

Speaker 3  11:13
And just like, because there's so many sales, like, Tiktok is feeding their live stream out, right? It helps the

Speaker 1  11:19
algo, yeah, it helps the algo. There's a few metrics, so you have your inter room rate, you have your click through rate, when people actually look at the product. Then you have your Add to Cart rate, and you have your conversion rate. So more conversions you can get early on first 10 minutes, they're going to start pushing it alive. Yeah, same rule applies to this. I will let them, if they're going four hours long, hour two, I'll let them do it again, or they know they can do it again. Yeah. Okay, so then flash sales. Like, no one will succeed doing lives unless there's a flash sale on a product. It's just, it's just mandatory. Some people will, like, they don't know about the live dashboard, and they're just doing lives on their phone. And they they will sell product at full price, but it's hard, right? They'll maybe get one or two sales in two hours, but if they have a flash sale, they'll be more successful. So like, 20% off isn't enough. It just needs to look like it's on sale. You can raise your price and lower and make it look like it's a heavier discount than it really is. But flash sales are essential. Like, do not let people go live without flashes. They'll waste their time, and then they'll think, this sucks. It doesn't work, and they'll never come back. So make sure they're set up with flash sales. Have a way to easily distribute those like, right away. So our VAs are pretty much 24/7 they're ready to go at any time. So we got people going live at like, my 4am or my 3am they're waking up on the East Coast, and they're doing two hours, but they go to work, and then they go to work, they come out, they do two more hours. It's crazy. And again, I'm not paying any of these Well, I'm paying one person. I'll get to that. But they're all commission only, living in, like, the Midwest and making, like, maybe 50 bucks a day sometimes. And they're stoked, like, I get DMS all the time. People being like, thank you so much. Man, changed my life. Look at I look at their numbers. They made 400 bucks that whole week. But that's a lot of money in some places, you know.

Speaker 3  13:12
Okay, so, creator, real quick on the flash sales. Can they turn off? Like, if you're doing the traffic driver, they can turn off, like, the flash sales over.

Speaker 1  13:21
Yeah, you know what? That's a good point. I probably should have had that here. So the flash sales, the way those work, you do them 20 minutes at a time. So the VAT, no, no, no, no. The so everyone. So I'm gonna bounce back and forth real quick. The first question I asked someone when they're interested in becoming a creator, from a live creator. For me is like, Do you know what the desktop dashboard is? If they don't know what that means, then they're not ready. But if they do know what that means, then they're ready. They know how to access the flash sales. They know how to see what you've assigned them. They know how to drag them into this, into the live way different. Yeah, it's way different. Yeah. Has to be on your on your desktop, yeah? Or your right, right? Yeah. So their dashboard will have all the giveaways, all the lives from all the brands, from all the brands that they work with. I wish I don't even Yeah. They log in, yeah, and then, and so the trick is, run the flash sale for 20 minutes at a time, and then after 20 minutes, you should be redoing your live over again. It's like, every 20 minutes, it's about 12 minutes, and then, like, five minutes to mess around. You can only view it for 20 minutes. It is that Max. Okay, cool the flash sale, but then you just fire back up right away.

Speaker 3  14:39
We would write with, like, for five or 10 minutes is usually what we do. Change and we rotate for your products.

Speaker 1  14:45
Yeah, 10 minutes is good. Completely stop the vibe. No, no, no, no. They just reset the flash sale. Yeah, don't stop the live. Keep going. Yeah, same live, yeah. But on average, people visit lives for like, seven minutes or something. Like that. So you basically just do your whole pitch in 12 minutes. Take a few minutes to, like, shoot the shit, and then start over. And so you're restarting the lives over every restarting the flash sales every 10 to 20 minutes. Yeah. And then another trick too is don't put 20 flash sales up like. So if I give you 200 flash sales to use for the week, when you list the flash sale, don't do 20 or 10, do 17. So it looks like three have already sold. My slides. Suck. I don't even like have all this, the good stuff in there,

Speaker 5  15:35
maybe, because you're gonna do them. I haven't matter.

Unknown Speaker  15:39
I did on the Kat right here.

Speaker 1  15:46
Let me get the access and go closer. Okay, so retaining your rock star, you're gonna have one guy that just absolutely crushes it. Put that guy on some kind of retainer, whether it's hourly or a monthly retainer. Keep it confidential. Make sure he doesn't tell anybody. Let everyone think that this guy is just crushing and going live as often as he is, because he's just crushing, right? And that will help motivate other people to keep going. But he's there's only one person I pay, and it's kind of just, I need him to motivate people. And it works. Works really well. He's my favorite guy. So are you up with him? I just give him 1500 bucks a month, and he's supposed to go live a certain amount hours, but he just does way more than Midwest.

Speaker 1  16:35
Okay, so you're able to control sales while still being visible, maintaining consistency on Tiktok Talk Live, despite my inventory issues, control about 500 200 sales a day. So yeah, kept the brand visible. Live again. I think this is just another touch points part of the flywheel you need to be doing lives at some capacity, whether it's your own brand or or creator. Live. So you're doing shoppable content. You're doing, lives you're doing, hopefully, some organic we'll go over that next. And, yeah, that's it so and then ads, obviously. Okay, let's talk about slide shows. Everybody scan this. This will take you to a slide show. I felt like it was a lot easier for you guys to actually see it on your phone, as opposed to just I'll watch yours. Now, if you don't know what a slide show is, you have to slide that, you have to swipe. Well, he liked it by

Unknown Speaker  17:37
access over my for you, cave, yeah, yes.

Speaker 5  17:44
This is a careers post.

Speaker 2  17:48
She takes, she's five things women should never put in their bodies, and then it's good things from

Speaker 1  17:54
an OB. GYN, yeah, that's the hook, right? It's the Never. And then you're like, wait, yeah, and that creates controversy. People comment on that, like, Wait a minute. I thought you said it was five things I shouldn't do. So do you guys know which brand it is that's being actually trying to get the sales there. It's not me. Click, click the profile. And then, so the profile is this little cert, okay, there you go. And then Lincoln bio, open that up. Yeah, circle brownies,

Unknown Speaker  18:32
Yep, there we are. You going there

Speaker 6  18:35
indicate to Amazon and it the hair growth spray.

Speaker 1  18:38
Oh, wow. They're selling 10,000 units a month. They launched in August. Is that good?

Speaker 3  18:46
This is their their Kat, their keeper data. Keep data, keep a data, 10,000

Unknown Speaker  18:50
units across multiple SKUs. No,

Speaker 1  18:52
just this listing. This is 2000 Yeah, and that's delayed by 30 days. So when they're probably at 2000 at right here, they're probably at 2000 but anyone in health and beauty, what's a 7000 BSR, like, am I right about that? 678, 1000 in supplements, 7000 BSR, is easily 10,000 years a month. I sell 25,000 years a month. And it says 10,000 on my shit all the time. It's because I sell out. And, yeah, it's looking at weird data. Yeah. So I look at this. I mean they literally, this is the entire year. I have a year selected. So they launched in the end of August. So they've only been at this for not even two months. Yet. How many reviews do they have? Four stars, 40 movies like, do they all do slides? That's all they have. Probably have 50 accounts doing this. Yeah, 50 creators, slides. Four point out, 26 years.

Speaker 3  19:53
Are these just like poster accounts? Yeah, these are,

Unknown Speaker  19:57
these are kids from the Czech Republic. They're doing this. 13.

Speaker 2  20:00
In any life, any slideshows doing well, where it's long, like, health related, where it's more like, because with the health related ones I get, you can create that need of what like, wanting to learn more understanding from a perspective, other products that maybe don't have that same hook,

Speaker 1  20:17
yeah, um, I want to say yes, but I can't think of any examples, but I do really want to help someone pull this off. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. And I already sent you. Did you get my message? Okay, you're set. Yours. You're set. It's on Messenger. This is so freaking crazy, like this morning, this happened? Yeah, no, this is organic. This is organic. So this is all to drive. So check this all right, check this out, guys. Oh, he's gonna miss this. That's a guy that wants to do slides for you. Yeah, yes please, yeah. This is how much they're doing on Tiktok zero. They've sold 13 units, zero, shoppable videos. Their entire focus is driving traffic to Amazon. So, so this is like helium 10 for Tiktok. All this traffic. No, no, so, so. So the reason why I'm showing this is because you guys could have easily said, Well, Alex, they're probably crushing it on Amazon because they're crushing it on Tiktok shop, and this is just a spillover. No, they're not even trying to sell on Tiktok shop. They're sending it all to Amazon.

Speaker 2  21:37
Yeah, like the amount of spillover these these people

Speaker 1  21:41
get, yeah, they Yeah. Well, some of those aren't even on Amazon, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that product isn't even available in stores, but it looks like the shopping. So a lot of people aren't even clicking on those links. They're just leaving the app and searching Amazon for better, even better. Even better. Yeah. I've been doing this since day one, two years now, and people say it's over and it's not, it's still, it's still here. Slides, yeah, yeah. Okay, so now you're gonna hear a lot from a lot of different people. Unfortunately, someone learning MDs that are gonna be pushing this AI generator, mass production of slide shows. I'm just telling you, stay away from that for now. At least. It's a waste of money. They're gonna pump you up and make you think that, oh, because we have 100 accounts running posting three videos a day, and at the end of the month, you had 4 million views. Isn't that great, and it's just not the same. Let's go over the numbers real quick, but real human made slideshows still outperform AI generated videos or generated slides. Ai services can mass produce content but lack engagement, authenticity, humans. Human creators connect emotionally and build community trust. So if I have 10 creators posting once a day for 30 days, that's 300 posts. If just one of those videos goes viral and has 2 million views that will do way better than some AI, mass generated stuff that gives you 4 million views across 3000 videos, way better not all views are the same, because that 4 million views is probably distributed across all 3000 videos. So you're looking at a little over 1000 videos per video. And if a video only did 1000 views, it's because it sucked, and it sucked because the retention was bad. People are bouncing right away, right? So they're not actually seeing it where, like, seeing your product, the viral ones, people are less. Percentage going to like, 12 seconds is actually pretty high. So like, quality of those impressions is, like, way better. So these agencies will like, sell you on. We got you 4 million views, but they probably didn't like knowing that, knowing you saw your product, you probably got zero sales, right? Whereas I have 10 creators, where only one guy really hits it off that to that 2 million posts, or 1,000,002 guys doing a million posts probably rattled off 2000 sales. Yeah. So at the moment, I think humans are better. Don't get me wrong.

Speaker 2  24:02
Maybe you're gonna talk about, like, just saying it's better than AI slides. But how about like, AI videos. We'll get to that too. Yeah.

Speaker 1  24:12
All right, okay, so I kind of went over this already, like the mass AI stuff just just doesn't work very well. They're not when it's a human doing it. They post a slide. They see if it did. Well, if it didn't, they think about it, they sleep on it, they come back the next day, and they make something better. You just need that human element, right? We're the AI, and not only does it, I'm sure someone can figure this out and actually start pumping out good content, but as long as people keep falling for the fact that views, all views are created equal. There's no really incentive for the agency to change that, right? Like people are stoked to see these views, and they think it's working because their CPMs are like, $3 right? But I'm going to CPMs worth 25 cents.

Speaker 5  24:54
My No, Bs has been using one of those. Ai, if. Insert these. And I saw that things other day, and four ripping them because they figured out it was AI. But, like, we can't trust you. Like, is it? And I was like, there we go. But I think people, a lot, a lot of people, fall for it, but I think when you start not falling for it, it really degrades

Unknown Speaker  25:16
trusting it, right? Yeah, that too. Really,

Speaker 1  25:21
there's good ways to do it, though, we'll go over that. Let's see here, yeah, so that the virality matters way more than than volume. If, like, the agency is doing it, over 3000 posts and none of those actually went viral, then you got nothing. Pretty much you wasted, you wasted six grand. So, yeah, we went over this already, but the main thing I know Josh is gonna love this. They're cheaper. They're just cheaper. So they perform better and they're less expensive. My bonus structure, I should I should have included this on a slide. My bonus structure is pretty simple. Every million views, you get 250

Unknown Speaker  26:02
bucks. So they have to get a million views to get

Speaker 1  26:04
paid any No, that's they are in retainer, retainer, 250 anywhere from I have some guys in return. They're just learning. This is a really easy thing to learn for people. So two $50 250 bucks a month for 30, for 30 posts, and then they get bonus. They get bonus. Yeah, it has to be us views. So they had to send me screenshot of their views. It has to be us, $250 bonus for per million views. Now, sometimes we'll do bonuses per 100,000 just kind of hook them up 25 bucks, because I think 100,000 viewed post is good, especially nowadays, yeah, but it used to be like you have to hit an alien if you don't hit a million, then, then you don't get anything. And these are commission only careers, yeah, bonus only, right? Yeah, yeah, because they're already there on retainer for 250 or sometimes 100 some Kat, somebody has a come in and do it for free because they're trying to learn. And then they get bonuses on views. What I love about this is it doesn't matter if you run out of inventory, you can be completely sold out on Amazon. These guys are working on bonuses, so they still get paid. Do you do

Speaker 3  27:13
a different structure for the ones that aren't tagging the product because they're not getting the admission that aren't tagging? Yeah? Like the ones that are just posting organically, and it's not like a shop tag, yeah?

Speaker 1  27:22
That's, that's, that's what we're talking about right now, yeah, yeah. None of these TAG SHOP they can't, you can't tag shopping slides, yeah, right now, I think our slide show, so another thing slide show guys, it's all discord. They're not gonna do WhatsApp. They're all in the Czech Republic for the most part. I'll tell you that right now. Let's see here. They're all on Discord at about 200 to 250 bucks a month, Max 300 bonuses. Is that a million US views.

Speaker 5  28:00
Somebody was mentioning that they use a technique where they say that they're sold out on Tiktok to force people to go to Amazon. Like they sell on purposefully on

Unknown Speaker  28:10
Tiktok. Try that. Nah. Sounds

Speaker 5  28:13
interesting. They create like virality in the comments. This is sold out. You have to get on Amazon. Oh, I just

Unknown Speaker  28:19
thought it's something good linking to

Speaker 2  28:23
the search find by you think people on tip top, if you're in a slideshow, will go and search the product in tip Kat, I feel like, surely they're going to have

Unknown Speaker  28:32
there's a small percentage are what

Speaker 2  28:35
I'm doing is on the slides, you're not even linking to a product. So like, how many people? Kat, how many people are going to actually go in? Gonna actually go into tip layer? I go like 90% of people, if you see a slide, are gonna go to Amazon.

Speaker 1  28:49
Yeah. But he's talking about, he's talking about which, which you just gave me a really good idea. You just gave me a really good idea. So we do know that there are two different algorithms, one for shop, one for organic. So if you have creators that are on a view bonus system like you do, have them say, if my banner is still here, that means they're not sold out, but they never tag the product, so the banner is always gone, but now you have a potential going viral, because it's a different algorithm. They think it's sold out, and they go find it on Amazon. I just thought of that shit right now. Thanks to you. Should we just vote now for best part? All right, let's see your compensation model for creators. Here you are. You just screenshot. This is easy. So if someone does seven 2 million views, they're gonna get total 750 bucks, if their retainers 250 so you're looking at CPMs of about what is that? 30 something cents. 40 something cents, way better than what these agencies. Are charging. They're like, six grand a month. Yeah. So, like, one, so, like, that's the other thing. So you have to keep in mind you need 10. Oh, wait, we skipped over this part. You need 10 creators, minimum, and one manager, a guy that's in there, training, offering advice, and hiring and firing. That's the most important part hiring and firing. So that manager is gonna be the one responsible for finding new creators. How do you find that manager? Sign up for your first dollar. There's a brand owner section of your first dollar that you can sign up for. You can post two job postings a month your first dollar. That's the original. Creators corner,

Speaker 3  30:44
yeah, sort of your first dollar. Yfd,

Speaker 1  30:49
and still in their discord group, by the way. Creators corner, they kicked me out.

Speaker 2  30:58
If you have more, there's less than 20 creators. Would you have two boots?

Speaker 1  31:01
1010? Yeah, manager should manage no more than 20. So if you are going to scale, get more managers, and then you have contests between managers. You know, whose team performs the best. So right now, I think I have like 60 guys doing pumping this out me, Is

Unknown Speaker  31:28
your goal to get to, like, a certain number of creators?

Speaker 1  31:31
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Once, like, once these 10,000 kilos rolling from Colombia, don't I sound like a drug dealer, fresh powder, yeah, 100 minimum. This is this on miracle mill blew up

Speaker 2  31:49
how much we're earning from these slide shows. You know, really, you could just take a view that when something goes viral, you see spill over to Amazon.

Speaker 1  31:55
Yeah, you just pretty much have this full fine then yeah, and

Speaker 2  32:00
no disguise. Do you work out based on that cool I know how much I've been paying. I know how much it cost me. I know how much revenue this is the idea how to pay people to actually make sure this is a profitable,

Speaker 1  32:10
yeah, yeah, there's, there's probably more sophisticated ways of figuring out that number for sure. And I've heard of brands basically structuring their bonuses. Their bonuses fluctuated. So every month, at the end of the month, they'll actually go and look at their sales and be like, Alright, guys, the bonus pool is this this month, this is what you guys get. I haven't done that yet because I feel like it would if the bonus pool sucks, you know. And also these creators like they're expecting a fat bonus, and you're like, oh, sorry, you're only getting 50 bucks. My cell sucked. Usually, if there's something like if, if, if your slideshow killer is what I call them, if they rattled off 10 million views that my 20 million views, and you didn't see anything on Amazon, go look at the content and see what it is they're doing. There's maybe some disconnect there. Like, they have a super viral hook and they're talking about Super controversial shit, and then your product is just randomly thrown in there. That's not gonna work, so you need to keep an eye on that too. That's your manager's job as well. If he sees something that just doesn't connect very well, he should be coaching them out of that and training them up on how to do it. Right? I

Speaker 1  33:24
are beginning to go over. All right, here we go. This is so this part is super so I'm I haven't perfected this yet, so I'm not gonna act like, I know this works, but I'm seeing it work for other brands, for sure. Oh, wait no, this bounce like, Okay, real quick. I am rooting for some of these guys to succeed, like the agencies that are offering this to other people in MDS, do it? Can I say not I don't say, but like Brian Kelsey Rob green, you may have just, I'm rooting for them. I like them, like, I want them to succeed. But at the moment, it's just not working. So Parker SD as well, like, just don't do it all right. So takeaways, Tiktok, live. Keep your brand relevant. Building a community through WhatsApp. Guys, this is so huge. I know Josh has been hitting it hard. The Happy nuts guys are crushing it with this, but I can't express how important this is. Like, I sometimes when I'm like, I don't know, in a bad mood, I'll just go watch my guys do lies, and they see me in the room, and they start talking about how cool I am. Like, because they know me. Like, they just like you. They start going off about how awesome of a person I am, and like how I run such a legit business, and like how I do all this, you know, extra testing that other brands don't do. It's pretty cool. So add

Speaker 5  34:53
one more thing, coming from a person that's the been in the community space. Can you guess what the number one thing? That brings the community together. Is why gratitude in person, meaning it in person means Yeah,

Speaker 2  35:09
throwing, I'm gonna say about it, throwing an annual

Speaker 5  35:13
invite only event, if you're a top see if you, you know, come to our retreat, trying to find,

Speaker 1  35:21
oh, in person, yeah, Matt, what's your revenue right now for

Speaker 3  35:26
wish brand happiness is one down to like, 70, and then Kat cures is like, up till

Speaker 1  35:37
this guy could be just like, you know, not joining these calls at all because he's just so badass. He doesn't really need to, but he is, he is actually like, he is like, like, it's huge, and they love that, right?

Speaker 3  35:50
We're like, I have like, two really good employees that are always on, like, their audit messaging, helping them with everything. It goes a lot your monthly on tech show. Will you buy, like, every other week before each brand the revenue you were just saying that's on Tiktok. On Tiktok. Yeah, hi mom, yeah, just on Tiktok.

Speaker 1  36:12
Shop 300 but how about, how about your total brand, like, yearly sales total as a company? Well, he's an eight figure brand, right? Like, he owns an eight figure brand, and he's hopping on, he's hopping on these calls, like, Hudson's seeing how holiday goes. Like, could be 30, could be 50, yeah, yeah. But the point I'm trying to make is these people get on the call and they see the owner there, and they're just, like, blown away. And like, Oh my God. Like, this guy's taking time. They feel really special that they're on the phone. Like, imagine if you got on a call with owner of Nike or something like that, you know, and he's like, talking to you and calling out your name and stuff.

Speaker 3  36:51
Like, it's crazy. We'll bring on James. Have you met James? So my other business partner doesn't come around ever. He's like, a Kat cosmetic chemist by trade, and he, like, used to work out, like, you probably know, like, color pop, and like, John Paul Mitchell says, sons, he was like, head R, and he there, and we'll go in the lab and, like, do stuff and like, show us, like, making, you know, random products and things like that. So that goes a long way, because they're like, Wow. These guys are, like, actually making it here. And like, actually care, like, us, company, all that. So I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai