Speaker 1  00:05
All right, so here's my presentation. Work smarter, flows faster, streamline your Tiktok. Content Creation. My name is Mason. Been a member since 2023 got two little boys. Keep me very busy. So I haven't been to many events, but I'm happy to be here selling on Amazon since 2015 so little different than all of you. I'm not an owner, founder. I started selling kind of arbitrage 2015 and then my dad started business in 2013 I came on in 2016 and helped manage the Amazon business there. And then they exited in 2023 I stayed on with the company and manage the brands there. And so Amazon, Tiktok, shop, Walmart. So that's what I'm doing now. We have about 14 brands under the umbrella now, then about me. I love sports, love being active, all right, yeah, don't overthink content. Systemize it. I know talked about this a lot lately, but consistency, consistency. So starting out. We're still just starting on Tiktok shop, but feeling like we're always behind. Don't have the creators there yet. Need to be building content for ourselves, and that's one thing we're focusing on. But it takes a lot. Takes time managing creators, brainstorming, finding hooks that work, writing scripts. So this is you stop it, get some help. So I wanted to fix that with the system. So how do I create a system that I can make lots of content, make it repeatable, automate it. All right? So, yeah, again, Tiktok demands constant posting. Trend awareness takes a lot of time I didn't have so felt like we were reacting to trends instead of planning ahead. So, you know, we see what's working, try to follow it by time we're creating content posting. It kind of missed that, or we felt like that. We were so wanted to automate that. I want to be able to find what's working quickly. Test, test, test, keep doing that if it works and move on if it doesn't. So I was looking for creative workflow. What I found was aI flow chat. So using AI to help me systemize this. So it's a visual AI workflow builder. I know you talked about using AI to kind of write your scripts and hooks, so that's what I'm doing here, but I'm automating it for me. It's like chat GPT, super powerful, but I was kind of getting lost in that, scrolling through chats. So this is super visual. I'm a visual person, and I like that. And a lot more than just Tiktok shop, you know, you can use it for, you know, email flows, different things like that, but basically, yeah, you can link all of these actions into one flow that you can see. And then what I'm going to talk through is how I use it for Tiktok shop. So researching viral tiktoks, analyzing what made them work, and then writing new scripts for my products using those tools, is the actual tool called AI soul chat, yeah, yeah. I don't know if you've heard of poppy. It's similar to Poppy AI, but I was researching Poppy AI and Reddit, and I found AI flow chat, and the owner actually was in there talking like people were talking about how they did not like Poppy, what they didn't like about it. And he was like, Well, mine does this, or I could fix that. And so just like a scrappy guy creating this tool. It's kind of new, but I've liked it so far. But Okay, so first up researching the viral videos. It's still a new tool. Eventually you're going to have it where they can kind of connect through API into those Kat o datas or those tools that are already automatically finding those but for now, it's manual, so I'm getting a list through there, or from my account rep at Tiktok, viral videos in my niche, pasting them into the flow, creating a group, and adding it to my prompt and just labeling it so it knows what it is, and then prompting off the off of That to analyze all of these videos, the first thing I'll do is a summary of each video, trying to see what's, you know, what's the hook, style, tone and delivery? Are they using a sound that's trending? What's the call to action? And then just kind of summarizing the success story. What made that video successful? Do. So give me each of that as one step of the flow, and then from the next one, I'll prompt it to Okay. Now analyze for patterns. You've seen, what each video does, is there a trend across all of them? So looking for reoccurring hooks. What are the common emotional drivers? Like we said, emotion is huge. What's the tone? What types of videos are doing, demo videos, story, UGC, again, trending sounds, and then using these insights and moving on and adding it for my brand. And then same thing next in line is writing those scripts, but I want to make sure that they're on brand and speak to my brand and my product. So I would, just like I did with the Tiktok videos, I would add in my branded information into the flow, so I'm pasting in maybe product videos. Can link to YouTube videos. I can bring in PDF files that share my brand, voice, share my website, so it can kind of look at what I am and my brand and my products, and educate the flow on that. And then it can take the information it's learned from these bio scripts, what it knows about my brand, and then spit out some scripts and hooks from that great for UGC content reviewing, testing, the AI avatars, like you said, giving hooks to our internal creators or affiliates. And then this is kind of just talking through some of the examples. So it's very easy to just quickly take another prompt so say, Okay, I want it this way. Some people need more of a script. Some people just want a hook that's working well, so I can just quickly pull a prompt off in that flow and give me different types of content depending on what the creator needs. Oh, another tip using customer reviews. So we were kind of already doing this manually. We noticed that we had a lot of strong claims in our customer reviews that we were already including in briefs and as hooks. And so I thought, Well, why don't I automate that as well? So exported my reviews, uploaded into the flow, educated the flow on what those were, and then I analyze it. So I'm asking them, okay, what are the emotional phrases and pain points? What patterns are you seeing here? What are the emotional reasons to buy key marketing phrases to use in our hooks and then use that to educate for the script and it's and then I should have done like some videos to kind of show the script, but we'll just work with screenshots. So this is kind of just showing you how I'm building this out. But this is my reviews, so I'm analyzing they're getting some of, like, the motion information, and again, asking it more in like a marketing tone, you know, what are these emotional reasons to buy here? Where's some copy from this. And then I'm connecting it to the rest of my flow, where it was educated on the viral videos, and what's working well there. And then I'll connect those all and prompt it to make hooks and scripts. And then this is just another example of where it's pulled out some of those emotional drivers, relief, frustration, hopelessness, and it's giving examples from those reviews and then how it wrote that into the script. Basically, and then, yeah, so that's the complete flow, super quick. Have a, you know, done in minutes, especially once it's set up. Basically, you just hit play on one end and it will just push it out. So I put create content for a month. Things change so quickly. You're not going to make content for a month, you know, you would basically make a lot of content, as much as you want, right? And then go in and update that weekly, daily, whatever, if you see it changing. So right now, the API can't fill in those videos, but you could come in weekly and just update the videos that you're putting in the front of the flow, hit play, and it just spits it out through there. So you have the fun videos yourself right now, yes, but you can watch the video and analyze it, yep, yeah, URL, yep. You just paste in the URL and it analyzes it, and then it broke it down like it showed me the hook, and it had the words and and I could see that it's actually working. It's linking the URL there. What was the name with the software? Ai flow chat. AI flow chat,

Unknown Speaker  09:41
yes, what you use to build this, right? So you built this yourself.

Speaker 1  09:44
I did not build it. No, no, it's a tool. It's a tool. Okay, yeah, so I can access Yes, you can access it, yeah. And you can also make tools for other people. I mean, there's so much more to AI flow chat that you can do, but, but, yeah, you can make tools for other people inside of it, but. Yeah, it has access to, alright. So, so these are just little prompts, but you can also pull out chat boxes, and so you can chat with it. And then if you, if you pull out something you like from the chat, save that as a prompt, and you can use it later, or pull that out into the flow, like, Okay, I like this point of this chat and not lost in the scroll. I can pull it out and use it. And then again, test, test, test, see what's working. If it's not working. Coming at my prompt, like, what? What do I want to see a little differently? And I can always just pull a little prompt off of there and say, like, I want to see it this way. I want to create a script for vo three. You know, I'm trying to do that.

Speaker 2  10:37
So can you put the link to AI? Thought, yeah, they're like getting crushed on SEO,

Speaker 1  10:43
okay, yeah, it's new. I found it in Reddit, but I'll send it to you. What I liked about pop, ya, I had, I saw that a lot in ADS. It's very similar. It's a flow chat builder, but it was like a yearly membership. This these guys, you can do month and yeah, the founder, it's like a small company, but he'll do an onboarding call with you, walking through everything. So, yeah, small, small business, but seems scrappy, and I like it. So yeah, ya flow, chat again, turning chaos into clarity with chat. GPT, I could be doing the same thing, but it's, it's harder to track, it's harder to see. Like analyzing, you know, YouTube videos, tick tock videos, emails. So I just, I like, I like the layout, I like how visible is, and I like biggest thing repeatable I can, you know, once it's built, it's there, I can save the prompt, and then I can create another flow for a different product, and it's got that same prompt. I just connect it to different information and spits it out once I find what works, stay organized, and then, yeah, way more than just Tiktok. That's what I created my first flow for, but SEO, articles, newsletters, ads, emails, YouTube videos, that's what they're for. It's funny yesterday, when Isaac was presenting, he was saying, How, what's the word? Like, good artists copy great artists, steal and make it their own. And that's their tagline, actually, because that's what it's kind of focused on. It's like, it's an AI flow chat builder, but you're supposed to, yeah, research what is working and create really good content off of that so, and then, yeah, so saving lots of time. I still have to research the videos a little bit, but if you already have those tools, you can quickly grab those and then, but I'm finding what's working quicker, and then it's repeatable, and I can quickly change out those prompts and test and test so and then, yeah, takeaways, don't guess. Research, repeat what works. Structure your creative process, automate repetitive tasks, execute faster and get your time back. Oops on strategy. And then my value add, it's similar to yours. It's, yeah, I just use a different tool. I'm still learning. I don't have that much experience, but again, it's another tool. It's called Higgs field AI, but it's a platform that gives you access to lots of different tools, but they're also so they have other tools, like C dream, Nano, banana, sort of two, VO, three, but they also have their own and so it I've been testing, just like creating AI avatars and then animating those, and it's really good at it. So I'm still learning I need to get better at editing a little and prompting better. But so far, yeah, it's really good. They also have, like, similar to 11 labs, but the voiceover is pretty good as well. And it can, you can train it on your voice, like with a video, or you can, like, dictate, like, if it's sounding to AI, you can speak how you want it, like, if you just turn on the audio, and you can speak how you want it to speak. It to speak, and then it follows that in that voice that you have. So anyway, still new to this tool, still learning it, but thought I'd share, and that's all awesome.

Unknown Speaker  14:17
How are you downloading your ski days?

Speaker 3  14:21
Keep it on. Oh, yes, um, so we are

Speaker 1  14:25
using a tool called stack line. They're an agency that does our PPC, but that also a lot of our data, and so they we get the reviews from them. I'm not sure exactly how they're getting it from

Speaker 4  14:41
Amazon gaming 10 got rid of it. Aaron, so, like, last week or something, yeah, I was like, what's the stupidest thing ever? Because it's like their tools getting to less than less.

Speaker 3  14:55
What do you guys use for reviews on Shopify? I. Use Kat,

Speaker 1  15:04
I forget. I think we used to use stamped IO, and then we moved to what's the one that pushes out to re killers.

Speaker 4  15:13
We used to use a veranda up. They raise their rates on all smurov. They switched to the one that like pushes a wall.

Speaker 1  15:20
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to think of, the one that pushes to Walmart. I I'm blanking on it right now. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai