Speaker 1  00:05
Yeah. So Hello everyone. I'm Michael, born and raised in Glasgow, Scotland, unfortunately, not Huntington Beach, California, but yeah, I spent most of my summer I was growing up in the US from about the ages of three to 17, so quite acclimatized to the US culture and Pop Tarts the big pinkery. Own a brand turtle, which does 30 million a year in revenue. Folks in the travel accessory space have sold over 2 million units of our hero product. This is why, this is why the personal brand is so important. Yeah, important. Yeah, and 50% of our revenue is on Amazon, 50% on web. So split half between and we are beginning our Tiktok journey. So yeah, like very much living all of this stuff right now and trying to, like lead as a founder, as much into it, also, I want to take you on that journey today. Have previously went viral on Tiktok in 22 and 23 just organically, so we've had millions of views, but that was all prior to Tiktok shop. We used an agency to launch with launch on Tiktok in UK in 2024 and then launched with a focus on ourselves in 2025 so we do about $40,000 a month in the US and about 30,000 in the UK. So getting there, key areas of focus for me are doing more on the organic brand content side, which we'll talk about more in a moment, going Tiktok live as much as possible as well. And then, as you guys are doing, onboarding affiliates and building community, so with the organic brand content we've been doing, like brand led slide shows on like travel destinations, national parks and stuff like that. And one of the things you want to lean into is more of the street interview type stuff that I would lead. Two brands that I love are Simon Squibb from the UK. So what's your dream and confidence heist, which is like someone walking up to someone in the street and saying, You know what makes you confident? And I think the interesting thing about this is that format is key, so having something that's repeatable, but then also, like opening with a stronger it's obviously really important, and that's something we're going to be testing from November and to enroll it more and 2026,

Unknown Speaker  02:32
that's not related to your room,

Speaker 1  02:35
no, but it's more like, I think there's like a travel spin. I think we can put on it that would act as more of like an upper funnel, brand led piece of content that would then feed into the What's your dream? Best to me, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, there's lots of things we played about West but you walk around the airport doing everybody it's you got to say,

Speaker 2  02:55
actually, you know what? There's a lady who goes around seeing how moms are holding their kid badly, and she has a strap that content is fucking incredibly,

Speaker 3  03:09
has those random pillows like, how are you? Okay?

Speaker 4  03:22
Yeah, yeah, a little bit the like,

Speaker 1  03:29
yeah, yeah. I think they tie you into quite, like, long leases, so you can only do like, I think, two or three year leases, and then I should probably just pay around tidy space in a store poorly, throwing

Unknown Speaker  03:45
things here's better ones.

Speaker 1  03:50
Yeah. On to the Yeah. So like growing tech talk live. So yeah and June, July, this year, I spent about five or six weeks in the US. This is me and my Airbnb in Harlem, New York, because I needed some space for a long period of time. So yeah, as you can imagine being a Scottish man in Harlem. I used to like a sore thumb, but yeah, like, this is my little space. And you know we were, yeah, the why I love this in general is, like our brand as something, or we have a product that people love, but sometimes takes a little bit of education for people to like, because it's a very different thing people are accustomed to use shape pillows. We have very innovative products and tech to live allows us to like educate as well. So yeah, like, it went relatively well. Like nearly got to $1,000 on on one of our lives in sales. And I learned a lot about the, I guess, how I would script a live and stuff like that, which is what I will share later on, something we'll be playing with in 2026 is we are beginning to work a lot with live creators. But. Yeah, something that I've heard people like Gary Vaynerchuk talk about is like, I think it was like commerce, tainment. And, you know, it's about, like, you know what? What would be, rather than just selling on the lies, what can you do that's perhaps a bit more upper funnel and engaging, more conversational. I've seen brands in the UK, where they've been focused on, perhaps, like cosmetics and stuff like that. They'll bring in various like beauty, like influences and stuff to do interviews on the lives with products seeded within that. We were thinking of doing that with travel content creators as well, and perhaps, and perhaps also using that as a bit of a Kat with our creators, where if they have a real passion for travel, then they can graduate to be part of our lives going forward. Yeah, so thinking about how we don't just focus on the sales, but also how we engage from an upper funnel perspective as well. Yeah, like I tried to bring the energy as much as possible with my lives for my two week period. But, like, I watched certain brands and the really success ones, and the energy is insane. So definitely been really high energy thinking about things, what around what we can do for, you know, like woke, low friction requests on the audience. So I gave an example of some fashion brands where they're saying things like, comment your height, and I'll tell you your size, and lets people know, obviously what their height is, or have the ballpark idea. And it's like three digits, a super easy, simple thing for people to comment. And we then flip that to travel content destinations. And obviously that was like, people always have a bit of wanderlust and have places they want to go. So that was something that was quite quick and easy for people to comment and engage with on our lives. One of the things I think was really interesting was like, why? Obviously, with retail, like, when people buy things, they get really excited, and there's that dopamine kick. And it was really, be it was really difficult to, in the beginning, to get people to engage their lives. Giveaways are massive for that, because when people win, you know, it's again, it's like, like, no congratulations. Where you travel into this summer, they're really excited to tell you where they're going. They're excited for, for for the thing they just won. But also, when they've they've purchased and they've actually got over the line. They're really quite, you know, they're quite giddy, and they're quite excited. And you can start to then get into conversation with people on lives, the story of La Shanda, so Lashonda, or her username was, her username was L, S, H, n1, and so for about 45 minutes on this live, I was like calling out various people who were on the live, including la chandas. And she ended up buying a turtle travel pillow. And I then told a story to her where she was I asked her where she was traveling to. She told me that she was traveling to Panama City and Florida. I told her a funny story where my I am my aunt, who's from the Mississippi. She was 70 this year. She had a birthday party in Panama City, Florida. But when I booked my flights to travel there, I ended up booking my flights to Panama City, Panama. So I told that she laughed, and then we had a flash sale on the packing pods, and then she ended up buying packing pods. So I just think things that's quite interesting, where people come back, and if you feel that you know brand affinity and positivity with you, they will spend money with you. So telling stories and engaging is obviously a good thing growing our affiliates and community. So I think we do about $40,000 on Tiktok shop, as I've said. But I think, like I get the feeling that we've been picked up by Tiktok shop because we have a very unique product, one of the things that we've been doing with them as, I think, or a brand spot like so I'm not sure if you guys have ever done this before, but essentially, they bring together, you know, 120 they aim for 100 to say, 120 130 to say, 120 130 creators. We do a presentation with them, and then you get to present via zoom. We did that. You can see that there are like comments down inside here as well. So you can we were doing things like on lives to make sure they were commenting and so on. But it was a good way. And I think that's what probably two fellows from, like, say, from like, say, 1015, Kat, months over 40, was been able to engage with Kat so that. How did you get onto the Tiktok brand spotlight? So we were, I guess we were picked up by one of the the account managers. I'm not actually too sure how, but she reached out to us, connected us as a lark. That's when we were introduced to that. And then, but that I have a value add that likes to rest

Speaker 5  09:49
towards the end, you think tick tock ran spotlight, took you from 10k to 40k

Speaker 1  09:53
Yeah, definitely 100% because, like the the outreach we were doing. So I. Right, yeah, the outreach we were doing was purely via UK before. And then, I think we did. We had, like, I don't know, like 50 people within the discord, maybe, like 1015 who were engaged. And then that took us, like, 150 and then, but 50 people were engaged. We had a competition that ran for the whole month, which was, if you posted a video a day for 30 days, then, you know, obviously you get your $500 or $1,000 and that was what then took us to 40k but the brand spotlight thing is definitely something you should seek to do. And I've got something towards the end as a tool for us. I've got, I've got the form. I've got the form. Yeah, continuing to build community through discord, trade shows will come to the moment, and some other stuff as well. Yeah, so like brand spotlight, obviously, big things to tell your brand story, engagement drivers as well. So we were almost doing like, like you would do live giveaways on Tiktok, on Tiktok. Why we would do giveaways on the brand spotlight as well. So be like, you know, tell us, you know, tell us where you're traveling to soon, or something like that. And we would to get engagement just in the Zoom comments. And that was awesome. And we did that a couple of times. They were super exciting. I think, you know, these guys have short attention spans. Anything you can do to retain that on these brand spotlights is really good. And, yeah, like, we've, I get the feeling from Tiktok, we've done quite a good job with this. So we have another brand spotlight coming up again, I think, in about 10 days. So, so what does this feel like? That's the challenge. Yeah. So this was like, this is like the last slide from a brand spotlight, sorry. So obviously, the call to action for a discord, the commission they would get as well. And then was that something provided by Tiktok? Me design that up. So you have to design the presentation and stuff I can share ours as well. Totally happy to do that, to give you guys a feel for what we did. So yeah, value add to come discord for create, creators, again, this is just kind of a slide from what we have, what we do, how we present. So we're again, we're sharing learnings among the community. But what's working, what's not? I find these really cool, like, really, really, quite awesome, because when people are engaged, and there are like, a lot of engaged creators now probably have like 20 people who are on most of the calls, and they always have lots of product ideas. So for me, that's really interested here, just in terms of product feedback and so on, as it's something I've tried to outsource, but it didn't work. So I'm the one that's running the discord calls because the printer, the presenter, has to, like, it's really important, like, to bring the energy. When I look at the comfort guy talking yesterday, you can tell he's got a real energy and a positivity and belief that transfers to the creators. And I think that's really important if you have someone who's running it and is maybe a bit, you know, not excited and doesn't believe then that doesn't really instill confidence within the community. So energy is important, yeah, and then a couple of things with this. So I totally echo the comments between the guys around attending yf Con last week in LA. It was awesome. And getting to meet some of our most successful creators so far, and also get to meet new ones as well, allows you to build personal relationships with the creators you know. You entertain, you entertain, and you educate as well. And that's really important, because people it's more it's more difficult for people to understand our core products online, that is in person. Once they see it and try on, see how it works. It's super simple, and they really get it. They really buy into it. I think this was really interesting as well, from understanding creators and their journeys. I think there's, like, a lot of similarities between people who run businesses and creators like you run a business because you want freedom, you want to control your own destiny. And these guys are really on a similar journey. Like Eugene was talking about Brian from New Jersey, who was a postman who I met, and Brian was pissed off with his boss one day, and he decided I'm going to go all in on Tiktok shop is now making 40 Kat a month on Tiktok shop his like, his shopping video content is not great, but he's just doing lives, and he's selling products, and now he's able to do his own and I think, like, there's lots of stories like that. And I just think there's, like, a real alignment between creators and brands in general. And I don't know if you guys would disagree, I think, with this, but I almost get the feeling that they're there. They are easier to work with than traditional affiliates or traditional influencers, sorry, and there's more of a like authenticity, and because they need to, you know, they need to, you. They need to actually make sales to make money. So, yeah, one of the things we did was Wednesday and Thursday of last week was yfcon. We actually held our own event in LA so we did that somewhere near it was Marina del Rey. I believe we had our own bar and stuff, and, like, your own little photo booth and stuff like that. And we, we again working with our Tiktok account manager, and they, she was able to share our comms with about 200 creators. So, but, like 100 showed up. So you have 50% drop off, but 100 people still pretty good, allowed me again to do our almost like our own version of what Eugene's talking about with the Creator labs, but tell the brand story, allow people to get to know me as the brand founder and so on. And yeah, like, really interesting, like, with a lot of these things, there's a few people that are or quite a lot of people that are, perhaps not the highest level creators, but you do definitely get the ones that are either very good or also very up and coming. There was a lady who attended, and she has recently quit her job. She used to work for one of the agencies, and like kind of you know creator agencies, and she's now doing Tiktok live, and she's went from doing 10k a month on Tiktok live to do 50k a month, and our third month, crazy.

Speaker 6  16:30
I've been judged my sister every day. He's like, no sending samples out of you go, why are you like?

Speaker 7  16:36
Why are you about how he was? And I told myself, why am I not here?

Speaker 1  16:48
Yeah, so, yeah. And you get so you get to meet people that there's always interesting people that come along. So I definitely pulled in a few favors with people. And I know the one of the ages we work with, and a previous life, the lady who's our account manager, used to run events. So you spent about seven and a half 8k on this. But yeah, like, I think in general, like in a world where AI as more and more prevalent, what you do in person is even more important, and we will do more versions of this so it feels like it's good experimental spend around what you can do to activate an event like this, around your brand that makes it feel authentic and engaging for people we want to attend. In this case, creators, yeah, so that's me. That is the

Unknown Speaker  17:44
form and lark. So

Speaker 5  17:50
how do you know how many brands, how many people are gonna ever request, how many brands they do?

Speaker 1  17:57
So I think this goes to, there's a team. And so my, I think my account manager manages like 300 people or 300 brands, so, but yeah, and one more, do you have to have done over 1 million GMB with Tiktok? No, no, it's on, it's on web or web, and it's like your cumulative, yeah. And then I have also my just as a Google Sheet with what we script for, well, what I created when I was doing the Tiktok lives, and what we were giving our live creators right now. So when you got a little bit heavier on the giveaways, we did two or three for in a two hour three hour period. But yeah, I love the idea of collaborating with other brands and and doing that. So do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai